The Palestinian Authority formally becomes the 123rd member of the International Criminal Court. The move gives the court jurisdiction over alleged crimes in Palestinian territories. Israel and the United States opposed the Palestinians' efforts to join the body.
A stray dog was apparently hit by a car and buried in a field. Four days later, the dog staggered to a farm, emaciated and covered in dirt. She's now receiving care at a veterinary hospital.
Iranian Foreign Minister Mohammad Javad Zarif is in Switzerland for nuclear talks. He has been John Kerry's opposite number in securing a breakthrough. But there are some facts about him that are less well-known.
One of the five had a heart-related issue on Saturday and has been discharged. They were exposed to Ebola in Sierra Leone in March, but none developed the deadly virus.
A student has admitted to hanging a noose from a tree near a student union. The prestigious private school didn't identify the student, citing privacy laws.
A high school basketball star asks his girlfriend, a freshman with Down syndrome, to prom. Photos of the couple have gone viral on Twitter. Ellie Meredith's mother says a special program at the school helped her daughter cope.
Amnesty International's annual report on the death penalty highlights mixed trends. The number of executions worldwide has gone down by almost 22% on 2013. But the number of people sentenced to death increased by 28% last year.
Coroner's preliminary assessment is there was no foul play involved in Andrew Getty's death. There is no criminal investigation underway, a detective says.
Tropical storm Maysak has sustained winds of 70 mph and gusts up to 90 mph. It's now a tropical storm, but is expected to strengthen before hitting land.
Bob Barker returns to "The Price Is Right" for the first time in eight years. Barker hosted the game show for 35 years before stepping down in 2007.
Yahya Rashid, a UK national from northwest London, is detained at Luton airport. He's been charged with engaging in conduct in preparation of acts of terrorism.
Paul Walker's character is re-imagined for the seventh film in the "Fast and Furious" franchise. Walker's friends and family have been paying tribute to the late actor.
Anne Frank died of typhus in a Nazi concentration camp at the age of 15. Two weeks after her supposed death, the Bergen-Belsen concentration camp was liberated. New research shows that Anne and her older sister, Margot Frank, died at least a month earlier than previously thought.
Sally Kohn: Mike Pence's religious freedom bill is cause for concern for GOP. Kohn: It's likely that other GOP governors will follow suit.
Mtley Cre's Vince Neil sang "The Star-Spangled Banner" before a Las Vegas football game. Whitney Houston, Roseanne Barr and Jimi Hendrix have all butchered the song.
Walmart's opposition to the religious freedom law in Arkansas is the latest evidence of growing support for gay rights in the heartland. The company is emerging as a bellwether for shifting public opinion on hot-button political issues.
Amnesty International releases its annual review of the death penalty worldwide. It says governments are using the death penalty in a misguided, and often cynical, attempt to tackle crime and terrorism.
"It is a very disturbing scene," says editor-in-chief of Bild online. Marseille prosecutor says "so far no videos were used in the crash investigation" A French official says the reports are "completely wrong" and "unwarranted"
The Rev. Robert H. Schuller dies at 88, his family says. Schuller started out preaching in a drive-in theater. He later built the Crystal Cathedral megachurch in California.
"Comparing this tragedy to anything is moronic and despicable," one commenter wrote. Bachmann is no stranger to voicing her opinion on the President's dealing with Iran.
Louis Jordan's father says he was expecting his son to look different. The boat capsized three times before he was rescued. He spent more than two months drifting at sea.
U.S. and its negotiating partners reached a very strong framework agreement with Iran. Michael Rubin: Expect pushback anyway, if the recent past is any harbinger.
California is a breadbasket to the nation, growing more than a third of its vegetables. The historic California drought hurts the rest of the union, too.
Keonna Thomas is one of three women arrested this week on terror charges. She's accused of trying to travel overseas to fight for ISIS.
Deputy Sports Minister Abdolhamid Ahmadi says the ban will be lifted for some events. It isn't clear exactly which games women will be able to attend.
Going online has become the path of least resistance if you want to make yourself heard, says Frida Ghitis. But it still brings resistance, some of it legal, some of it deadly, Ghitis says.
Avril Lavigne tells People magazine she was bedridden for five months. The singer says she contracted Lyme disease after being bitten by a tick. She says being ill was a "wake-up call"
Former heavyweight champ Mike Tyson lived in an Ohio mansion in the '80s and '90s. CNN's Karl Penhaul spoke to a shepherd who witnessed the crash of Flight 9525.
Israeli Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu said he sees better options than "this bad deal or war" Netanyahu's comments come as Democrats and Republicans spar over the framework to lift sanctions on Iran.
Memories Pizza owners say they'd refuse to cater a same-sex couple's wedding. The statement strikes at the heart of fears by critics, who called for boycotts.
Following a recent ban on the sale and consumption of beef, authorities in the city of Malegaon have asked residents to take a'mugshot' of their cattle and submit it to the police. Police officials believe this is the only way to solve cow slaughter cases and enforce the law.
Louis Jordan survives a year adrift on a sailboat in the Gulf of Mexico. Jose Salvador Alvarenga says he was lost at sea for months in the Pacific. Ron Ingraham survived a year adrift on a tiny atoll in the Marshall Islands.
The Large Hadron Collider (LHC), a particle accelerator and the largest machine in the world, is ready for action following a two-year shutdown. The purpose of the lengthy project is to recreate the conditions that existed moments after the "Big Bang" Scientists hope to uncover how the universe evolved.
Two FBI agents were injured in a crash during a chase of an armed robbery suspect. The suspect was shot and wounded, but his injuries are not life threatening, authorities say.
A lunar eclipse happens when the sun, Earth and moon form a straight line in space. The moon turns a reddish color because Earth's atmosphere filters out blue light.
Al-Shabaab has claimed an attack on Garissa University College in eastern Kenya. The attack is another step in the ongoing escalation of the terrorist group's activities.
Easter doesn't fall on the same day every year but shifts around in spring depending upon cosmic events. A blood moon appeared in the sky early Saturday, right between Good Friday and Easter Sunday.
The NCAA says it has no legal responsibility "to ensure the academic integrity of the courses offered to student-athletes" "It's nonsense. It's double talk," says former athletic-academic director.
A Connecticut juvenile court judge denied a motion to let the teen go home. The teen, identified in court documents as "Cassandra C," is in remission after nearly six months of chemo.
"Uptown Funk!," featuring Bruno Mars, is the longest-digit-leading Billboard Hot 100 of the 2010s. It's also just the 10th single in the Hot 100's entire history to spend at least 13 weeks at No. 1.
The temperature was recorded at Argentina's Esperanza Base on the Antarctica Peninsula. An ad-hoc committee will examine the measurement equipment and related records.
Indiana's new Religious Freedom Restoration Act is under fire. Such state laws have been growing ever since the U.S. Religious Freedom Restoration Act became law in 1993.
Robert Lewis Burns Jr. was part of Lynyrd Skynyrd's original lineup. "He was not restrained at the time of the crash," a Georgia State Patrol spokesman says.
Kim Ki-Jong has also been charged with assaulting a foreign envoy and business obstruction. U.S. Ambassador Mark Lippert was stabbed March 5 during an event.
Police found two women's bodies at an upmarket apartment in Hong Kong last November. Briton Rurik Jutting, 29, was charged with two counts of murder. A court hearing to determine whether there was enough evidence to proceed to trial was adjourned until May.
Thai Smile, a subsidiary of Thai Airways, has painted a plane with a "Adventure Time" theme. The inaugural Adventure Time flight takes place on April 4.
Prisoner formerly known as Bradley Manning appears to have joined Twitter. "It will be hard, but I don't want this Twitter feed to be a one-way street/conversation," she says.
Frida Ghitis: Obama tied himself to mast of nuclear deal with Iran even before he became president. She says process has unfolded under destructive influence of political considerations.
"Furious 7" is poised to nab the biggest opening of 2015 to date. The final film in the "Fast & Furious" series is playing in 4,003 theaters by Good Friday.
Deion Sanders Jr. tweeted that he only eats "hood doughnuts" The NFL legend tweeted back that he has a trust fund, a condo and his own clothing line.
Jeffrey Toobin: UVA, Phi Kappa Psi, other fraternities can't sue for defamation. He says the law of defamation must be balanced against the First Amendment.
Tokyo's Shibuya ward passes ordinance recognizing same-sex unions. Same-sex couples will have visitation rights in hospitals and co-signed tenancy agreements. Same-sex couples will also have some of the same rights as married heterosexual couples.
Listeriosis is a serious infection caused by eating food contaminated with listeria. Blue Bell says it is "devastated" and knows it "can be better than this"
Japan's defense minister says his jets never come across any UFOs from outer space. Former wrestler-turned-lawmaker Antonio Inoki had asked the question in parliament. Inoki has appeared in WWE and is the founder of the New Japan Pro Wrestling organization.
A Saudi-led coalition has been pounding Yemen's capital for more than a week. The fighting has killed hundreds of people and displaced tens of thousands.
David Lynch has confirmed he will no longer direct the revival of cult 1990s TV show "Twin Peaks" The show, created by Lynch and Mark Frost, is considered one of the most influential shows in television history. Showtime announced they would produce a third season in October last year.
Kentucky guard Andrew Harrison apologizes for "poor choice of words" He muttered "F**k that (N-word)" after team's loss to Wisconsin.
The FBI says it has confirmed that a man killed in a raid in the Philippines in January was Marwan. Marwan, whose real name is Zulkifli bin Hir, was one of the FBI's most wanted terrorists. The FBI had offered a $5 million reward for information leading to his capture.
The Delaware family was staying at the Sirenusa resort in St. John. Exposure to methyl bromide can cause serious health effects, the EPA says.
Comedian Chris Rock documents three traffic stops in seven weeks. Blacks are about 30% more likely to be pulled over by police than whites, statistics show.
An explosion at a chemical plant in China's southeast has injured six people. The plant produces paraxylene, a carcinogenic chemical used in polyester films and fabrics.
A 15-count indictment filed in federal court in California bristles with accusations of conspiracies. Danny Cevallos: Does a courier service like FedEx be held liable for "possessing" what bad guys send through the service?
Mark Wahlberg will star in a film about the Boston Marathon bombing, Deadline reports. The film, to be titled "Patriots' Day," is being produced by CBS Films.
Manuela Arbelaez accidentally revealed the answer to a guessing game for a new Hyundai Sonata. Host Drew Carey couldn't stop laughing.
Carlos Colina, 32, is charged with assault and battery causing serious bodily injury and improper disposal of a body. Colina and the victim knew each other, authorities say.
"Arrested Development" will return for a fifth season, producer says. The show was canceled by Fox in 2011, but streamed exclusively on Netflix.
"Mad Men" begins its seventh and final season Sunday. Show has become part of fabric of American life. What will happen when show ends?
Nina Dobrev is leaving "Vampire Diaries" at the end of this season. Some fans are angry the show will go on for a seventh season.
A minister spotted a security camera overlooking the changing room of a FabIndia store. Four employees have been arrested, but the store's manager is still at large.
The group included four children -- the oldest being 10 or 11, a Turkish official says. The nine were arrested at the Turkey-Syria border, the Turkish military says.
A nuclear submarine undergoing repairs catches fire at a Russian shipyard. There is no ammunition on board, a law enforcement source tells state-run ITAR-Tass.
Kayahan was first diagnosed with cancer in 1990. He competed in the Eurovision Song Contest in 1990. His album "I Made a Vow" remains his most popular.
Zhou Yongkang, 72, was also charged with abuse of power and leaking state secrets. He was a member of the ruling Communist Party's Politburo Standing Committee.
In the Gospel of John, Jesus tells his Twelve Apostles to leave their day jobs and follow him on an itinerant mission. Clearly, money was a concern, and not just as an impediment to salvation.
Gunmen storm the attorney general's office in Balkh province, northern Afghanistan. Most staff members and civilians have been rescued, but an exchange of fire continues.
Sen. Rand Paul, R-Kentucky, announced he is running for president. Donna Brazile says Paul's positions on issues important to minorities are out of touch.
A cyberattack crippled TV5Monde's broadcasts and social media accounts. The French-language network says it was "hacked by an Islamist group"
Family's 2-year-old cat, Felix, went missing at New York's John F. Kennedy International Airport. Etihad Airways is investigating the incident and is working with ground handlers to help locate the cat.
Dzhokhar Tsarnaev's Boston Marathon bombing trial comes to a close. Rand Paul announces he'll run for president. Rahm Emanuel and Jesus "Chuy" Garcia square off in Chicago's mayoral runoff.
Fire breaks out at General Electric Appliance Park in Louisville. No injuries or trapped people have been reported, an emergency official says. The park is large, such that 34 football fields could fit in one of its warehouses.
Ted Cruz is the only official candidate in the 2016 Republican presidential race. Cruz is courting Iowa's vocal and active evangelical base. Cruz has built a brand as a stalwart conservative willing to buck GOP leadership on fiscal issues.
Kenyans use social media to share the victims' stories, hopes and dreams. The attack killed 142 students, three security officers and two university security personnel.
California Public Utilities Commission orders PG&E to pay record $1.6 billion penalty. Most of the money will go toward improving pipeline safety. Eight people were killed in a San Bruno, California, explosion in 2010.
After deliberating for 1112 hours, jurors find Dzhokhar Tsarnaev guilty on all 30 counts. Seventeen of the 30 counts were capital charges, meaning he is eligible for the death penalty. The trial will next move into a penalty phase, where the jury will hear testimony and arguments.
Mexican state oil company Pemex says 45 workers were injured in the blaze. Two of the injured are in serious condition. The fire has been extinguished, Pemex says.
Jay Parini: Easter is about how religious impulses, and patterns, can operate in ways that affect our lives. Parini: It's worth pausing to explore this crucial holiday -- and the awareness of the human condition.
Police in the northern Indian city of Lucknow are to use drones to monitor crowds. The miniature aircraft will be fitted with a camera and pepper spray. The drones have been used in tiger hunts, disaster relief and criminal investigations.
The Secret Service is facing yet another scandal. A female employee accused a supervisor of assault after he made sexual advances at her. This is just the latest chapter for an organization embroiled in scandal.
Investigators are not expected to return to the crash site, police official says. Germanwings Flight 9525 crashed March 24 in rugged terrain of the Alps.
April 8 was also "Rex Manning Day" Twitter paid homage to the 1995 film "Empire Records" The movie centers on an independent record store in Delaware.
"It's official: Farewell," singer Dee Snider says. The band will celebrate its 40th anniversary next year. It will play two shows in honor of late drummer A.J. Pero.
The Weinstein Co. is moving "Grace of Monaco" to Lifetime. The film stars Nicole Kidman as star-turned-princess Grace Kelly. The movie opened last year's Cannes Film Festival.
"I saw the top of the funnel cloud, and it was absolutely massive," a resident says. One person died as a twister shredded homes and ripped trees bare of leaves and most limbs.
Officer Michael Slager has been fired and charged with murder in the death of Walter Scott. A bystander's cell phone video shows the white officer shooting at Scott eight times as he ran away. The North Charleston Police Department is not providing additional information.
Photographer Daniel Ramos had filed a civil suit against Kanye West. West pleaded no contest last year to a misdemeanor count of battery over the 2013 airport scuffle.
Christie's sold the 16-page handwritten manuscript of Don McLean's "American Pie" for $1.2 million to an unnamed buyer. David Browne: McLean has guaranteed that the memory of Buddy Holly, Ritchie Valens and J.P. Richardson lives forever.
Mary Kay Letourneau Fualaau and Vili Fualaau are still happily together. She was a 34-year-old married teacher when she began an affair with a 13-year-old student. The couple will celebrate their 10th wedding anniversary on May 20.
Don McLean's "American Pie" manuscript sells for $1.2 million. It's the third highest price for an American literary manuscript, Christie's says.
Mindy Kaling's brother, Vijay Chokalingam, applied to medical school pretending to be African-American. He says he did it to highlight the unfair advantage blacks and other underrepresented minorities have in getting into top schools.
HBO's new documentary is critical of the Church of Scientology. John Travolta says he hasn't seen it and doesn't care. The actor is in Florida to premiere his new film.
Anthony Ray Hinton says he was sent "not just a lawyer, but the best lawyers" A judge ordered Hinton released after granting the state's motion to dismiss charges. Hinton was convicted of 1985 murders of two Birmingham-area, fast-food restaurant managers.
B.B. King's dehydration was caused by his Type II diabetes, his daughter says. "He wasn't going to let his fans down," his publicist says.
A giraffe at the Dallas Zoo gives birth to a baby via live stream. There's no word on the baby's gender or condition. "We're so proud," the zoo tweets.
Official: U.S. "not putting a timeframe on" possible Mosul invasion. Another official calls for "patience" in the fight against ISIS.
"Game of Thrones" returns for fifth season on Sunday. It's most high-profile premiere yet, airing simultaneously in 170 countries for first time.
Chinese TV host known for impromptu satire caught on camera cursing the late Chairman Mao Zedong. Bi Fujian, who works for state-run China Central Television, was filmed at a dinner party singing a revolutionary song.
Jurors find Dzhokhar Tsarnaev guilty on all 30 counts he faced for deadly bombings. "I don't believe that there will ever be justice brought to this," bombing victim says.
Richard Dysart won an Emmy for playing Leland McKenzie on "L.A. Law" Dysart also played the Secretary of Defense in "That Championship Season" He also played Harry Truman in the CBS telefilm "Day One"
Rep. Ed Royce: President Obama is giving up enormous leverage in his nuclear deal with Iran. Royce: Best predictor of Iran's future behavior is its past behavior.
The VII Summit of the Americas is taking place in Panama City, Panama. President Barack Obama and Cuban President Raul Castro will meet for the first time since the Cold War. But tensions between the U.S. and Venezuela are overshadowing the summit.
Maryland Gov. Martin O'Malley and former Sen. Jim Webb are both considering presidential runs. Webb and O'Malley are in Iowa this week.
Taliban's "Cultural Commission" released the 11-page document in several different translations. Several Afghan observers say the biography is aimed at dispelling rumors of Omar's demise.
A photo of a cat apparently going down some stairs goes viral. The picture was apparently uploaded on Imgur. There are ads waiting to take advantage of the situation.
Tornadoes are reported in southwestern Kansas. The National Weather Service says a tornado may touch down in Missouri. More storms are expected Thursday in the Midwest, Mississippi and Tennessee.
LZ Granderson: Pope Francis has reawakened my faith. Granderson: Pope Francis is conservative in the right way, but isn't sin in the eyes of the church?
Liana Barrientos, now 39, is facing two criminal counts of "offering a false instrument for filing in the first degree" Prosecutors say the marriages were part of an immigration scam.
A guard at the U.S. Census Bureau was shot at least once, a fire official says. The guard was in extremely critical condition, the official says.
Amnesty International has released a report on women's rights in Afghanistan. It examines the persecution of activists and other champions of women's rights. The report says little support has come from those in power.
More than 200 students signed a petition asking the school not to show the movie. Some students believed the movie's depiction of the Iraq War reflected negatively on the Middle East.
Satyam Computers Services was at the center of a massive $1.6 billion fraud case. Its then-chairman admitted inflating profits with fictitious assets and nonexistent cash. Ramalinga Raju, 60, has been in jail for the past 32 months.
Carlos Colina, 32, will be arraigned April 14 for murder, authorities say. Colina is accused of killing and dismembering a 26-year-old man.
The first six "Star Wars" movies will come to digital HD on Friday. The collection will feature special features, including sound effects. In the exclusive first-look video, sound designer Ben Burtt explains which animals were used.
U.S. official: Iranian aircraft flew within 50 yards of an armed U.S. Navy helicopter. The incident took place over the Persian Gulf this month.
Photographer Johan Bavman documents fathers taking full advantage of Sweden's parental leave. Sweden grants a total of 480 calendar days of parental leave, with 390 of them paid at 80% of income. Only 12% of Swedish couples equally share the 480 days of leave, Bavman said.
A judge rules that Craig Hicks' case is "death penalty qualified," CNN affiliates report. Hicks is charged in the deaths of three Muslim college students.
HBO released a teaser video for season 2 of "True Detective" Colin Farrell, Vince Vaughn, Rachel McAdams and Taylor Kitsch star. The new season premieres June 21.
Coach: "We celebrate a victory on how to live a life, through Lauren Hill" Hill's "love and laughter will remain in our hearts," university president says. Hill raised $1.4 million for pediatric cancer research with The Cure Starts Now.
Hawks' Antic, Sefolosha arrested on charges of obstructing administration, disorderly conduct. Indiana Pacers' Copeland in stable condition after being stabbed, his team says.
Martin O'Malley: "inevitable frontrunner" is not unbreakable. O'Malley: "History is full of examples where the inevitable frontrunner was inevitable right up until she was no longer or he was no longer inevitable"
Nelly is charged with felony possession of drugs, simple possession of marijuana and possession of drug paraphernalia. The rapper shot to fame 15 years ago with the track "Country Grammar"
"Walter's death will not be in vain," says the head of the church. Anthony Scott says God selected his brother as a candidate for change in America.
A 2012 Small Arms Survey says gender-based violence is at epidemic levels in Guatemala. The country ranks third in the killings of women worldwide. Women are particularly vulnerable because of a deep-rooted gender bias and culture of misogyny.
Hillary Clinton is finally announcing her candidacy for the 2016 presidential election. Julian Zelizer: For Democrats, there is ample reason to be excited about Clinton's run.
"Lost River" is Ryan Gosling's first feature as director. The film is set in decaying Detroit. Gosling says the city was at the heart of the project.
7-Eleven is hosting the first Bring-Your-Own-Cup Slurpee Day on Saturday. Customers can fill their "cup" of choice for $1.49, the average cost of a medium Slurpee.
Elizabeth Sedway was in Hawaii to celebrate her 14th wedding anniversary. An Alaska Airlines employee asked her how she was; she said she felt weak. She was then taken off the plane and told she didn't have a doctor's note to fly.
The University of Virginia is under investigation over how it handles sexual assault on campus. UVA has never expelled a student for sexual assault -- even when the student admitted to it.
The Department of Justice released a damning report on Ferguson's police department and court system. Residents elected two black candidates to the city council, changing its racial composition: Five of six members and the mayor were white.
The Exotic Driving Experience bills itself as a chance to drive your dream car on a racetrack. The Lamborghini's passenger, 36-year-old Gary Terry of Davenport, Florida, died at the scene.
Oliver Minatel was sleeping when he felt something around his neck. "With a rope, something that he has, he just jumped on me," Minatel says.
Robert Durst is charged with unlawful possession of a firearm. He faces a maximum of 10 years in prison if found guilty of that charge. The real estate heir is accused of killing his friend in California in 2000.
"This is a treasure trove," says National Geographic photographer Jeff Gusky. The underground city dates back centuries but was sealed up in the 18th century. It was rediscovered in the late 19th century.
Loretta Lynch is the U.S. attorney for the Eastern District of New York. She was nominated to replace Attorney General Eric Holder on November 8.
This year is the 20th anniversary of the discovery of a planet around a star like our own sun, 51 Pegasi. Meg Urry: Most likely form of life on exoplanets is far more primitive.
The defense rests its case in Aaron Hernandez's murder trial. Prosecutors will make closing arguments on Tuesday. Hernandez has pleaded not guilty in the death of Odin Lloyd.
Jordan Spieth holds a four shot lead going into final round of 2015 Masters. Phil Mickelson, Tiger Woods and Justin Rose mount late charge. But no one could challenge Spieth.
Steve Esmond, his teenage sons and the teens' mother fell ill more than two weeks ago. Exposure to methyl bromide can result in serious health effects, the EPA says.
A New York judge authorized service of divorce papers on a husband completely via Facebook. Danny Cevallos: Online service may be a new frontier, but it's not unheard of.
U.N. commissioner-general will visit Yarmouk Palestinian refugee camp in Syria. Yarmouk has been engulfed in fighting between the Syrian government and armed groups.
Last weekend's raid in the heart of the city's jewelry district feels like it has been taken from a movie like "Ocean 11" But how are such heists organized? Roy Ramm, a former commander of specialist operations at London's Scotland Yard, explains.
"The tribute to Paul Walker was very well done," one woman tweets. "The ending is the deepest ending I've ever seen," one man writes on the movie's Facebook page.
Selena will be "walking, talking, singing and dancing digital embodiment" of her persona. Technology is being handled by Acrovirt LLC, a Nevada-based tech company.
Celebrity Infinity has been taking action since the outbreak began. The CDC has yet to determine what's causing the ailments. This is the third time the ship has suffered an outbreak of gastrointestinal illness.
The original cast of "Twin Peaks" has joined a #SaveTwinPeaks campaign. They appear in a video supporting David Lynch in his salary standoff with Showtime. Lynch announced Sunday that he was exiting Showtime's nine-episode revival over a salary dispute.
A judge sentences a former TSA agent to six months in jail for secretly videotaping a female co-worker. Daniel Boykin, 33, also entered the woman's home multiple times, police say.
Five young Chinese feminists may face up to five years in prison over their campaign for gender equality. The women were detained on March 6 and March 7 in three Chinese cities. Charges include "assembling a crowd to disturb public order"
A fiberglass boat fragment has been found off the Oregon coast. The debris is suspected to be from the 2011 earthquake and tsunami in Japan. Inside were specimens of a variety of yellowtail jack fish normally found in Japanese waters.
Ryan Calhoun and Delonte Martistee are charged with sexual battery by multiple perpetrators. The alleged rape took place behind a popular bar and dance club for spring breakers.
"Star Wars" is streaming on digital HD this week. "Dukes of Hazzard" fans mourned the loss of an actor. Michelle Obama danced with "So You Think You Can Dance" stars.
ISIS posts images it says show the storming of Baiji oil refinery. Iraqi security officials deny that claim and insist Iraqi forces remain in full control.
For the first time since 1962, the U.S. has not blocked Cuba's attempt to join the Summit of the Americas. Cuba is trying to re-establish itself at the two-day summit in Panama.
"All of a sudden we heard all this pounding underneath the plane," passenger says. Alaska Airlines Flight 448 was on its way to Los Angeles from Seattle-Tacoma International Airport.
Malala Yousafzai: "We cannot imagine the full extent of the horrors you have endured" Nearly 300 schoolgirls were kidnapped by Boko Haram a year ago.
Artist Phillip Hyman painted an image of a black hooded angel in mourning for Walter Scott. Protesters used the image at a Wednesday rally in North Charleston, South Carolina.
The man is a quadriplegic with cerebral palsy. He was found in a Philadelphia park with only a blanket and a Bible. Police say his mother abandoned him and caught a bus to Maryland to see her boyfriend.
Jia Jiang quit his six-figure job to confront his fear of rejection. He created a blog called "100 Days of Rejection" to help people overcome their fears. Jiang has written a book called "Rejection Proof" which is being released this week.
CNN's Brian Todd and Khalil Abdallah were on their way to interview a legal analyst. They happened on a brood of baby ducks causing a stir.
Nyia Parler cannot be extradited to face the charges in Philadelphia until she completes an unspecified "treatment," Maryland police say. She will be charged with aggravated assault, simple assault, recklessly endangering another person and related offenses.
A Russian fighter jet intercepted a U.S. reconnaissance plane over the Baltic Sea. The U.S. crew believed the Russian pilot's actions were "unsafe and unprofessional," the Pentagon says.
Nyia Parler, 41, cannot be extradited to Philadelphia until she receives treatment, police say. She remains in treatment as of Tuesday morning, police say.
A new Kansas law bans a common second-term abortion procedure. Supporters of the measure describe it as a groundbreaking step. Opponents warn it is dangerous and among the most restrictive abortion laws.
Jill (Duggar) Dillard gave birth on Monday. She and husband Derick named their son Israel David. Her parents posted a video of the new family on their Facebook page.
Stancil worked with victim as part of a work-study program, college president says. Victim was a longtime employee and school's print shop operator was white, as is the suspect.
Legendary Australian cricketer and broadcaster Richie Benaud has died aged 84. Benaud captained his country in 28 Test matches. He was also one of the most successful broadcasters in the world.
Irish betting company Paddy Power backtracks after tweeting a controversial joke. Company tweeted that Newcastle has suffered more "kop beatings" than an unarmed African-American male. Paddy Power spokesman: "It was a joke, and no offense was meant"
The migrants were picked up 30 miles off the coast of Libya. Italy registered more than 10,000 migrants arriving in the first three months of 2015. Most migrants recorded this year come from West Africa as well as Somalia and Syria.
Obama's comments come amid criticism from Israeli Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu of the Iran deal. The framework negotiators announced last week would see Iran reduce its centrifuges.
Cape Verde is seeking to tap into the spoils of its rich cultural heritage. The former Portuguese territory was once a key location for the transatlantic slave trade. Kriol Jazz Festival is one of the most spectacular events in Cape Verde.
"Double Falsehood" was first published in 1728 by Lewis Theobald. But new research indicates it was written more than a century earlier by William Shakespeare.
Kenya launches airstrikes on Al-Shabaab training camps in Somalia. So far, the government has frozen 86 accounts, but that number could go up, an official says.
"To this day I can't believe that I was capable of doing something that terrible," Arias says. Arias was found guilty of first-degree murder in May 2013.
Five women's rights activists have been detained by Chinese authorities. They were planning to protest on International Women's Day. Frida Ghitis: Their work promoting women's rights will have become exponentially more difficult.
Malala Yousafzai was shot by the Pakistani Taliban for promoting girls' right to go to school. Asteroid 316201 Malala, or 2010 ML48, circles the sun between Mars and Jupiter every five and half years.
Danny Cevallos: Americans born on U.S. soil are denied rights of citizenship. Cevallos: In the 21st century, those born on U.S. soil should be citizens.
30 new confirmed cases of Ebola were reported in the week of April 5. This is the lowest weekly total since May 2014. Click the photos to learn how a grave digger, a first responder, and many others have changed in the wake of Ebola.
U.S. Attorney General Eric Holder issues a memo to all Justice Department personnel. He says they're prohibited from soliciting, procuring or accepting commercial sex.
Tennessee district attorney banned prosecutors from offering female sterilization in plea deals. Danny Cevallos: Some have said it "evokes dark corner of American history"
Jury convicts Dzhokhar Tsarnaev on all counts in Boston Marathon bombing. Frida Ghitis: We need to understand what radicalizes Muslims.
A video showing a white police officer shooting an unarmed black man has prompted outrage. Frida Ghitis: We don't know when and where police killings take place.
Apple released a new version of its mobile operating system that includes more diversity than ever when it comes to the race, ethnicity and sexual orientation of its emojis. Peggy Drexler: When you embrace diversity, you will still leave out other minority groups.
Hillary Clinton will be the barometer by which we assess gender equality in the U.S., says Crystal Wright. A win would mean a woman in the White House, which is a vital step in the march toward women's full political inclusion.
"A.D. The Bible Continues," 9 p.m. ET Sunday, NBC. "Mad Men," 9 p.m. Sunday, AMC. "Louie," 10:30 Thursday, FX.
Pentagon map shows coalition forces have taken back 25-30% of Iraqi territory seized by ISIS. ISIS declared itself a state, a caliphate once had territory so any loss is very strategic.
Arsenal beat Burnley 1-0 to move within four points of Chelsea. Chelsea play QPR on Sunday. Aston Villa beat Tottenham 1-0; Leicester lose 3-2 to West Brom.
A video shows a white police officer shooting an unarmed black man in the back in North Charleston, South Carolina. Mark O'Mara: If the officer had been wearing a body camera, Walter Scott would still be alive.
Even an unpleasant experience can lead to happy memories in hindsight if it ends well, says Andrew Hacker. Hacker: The once dreaded Tax Day has become a happy spending spree for most Americans.
Yarmouk is a Palestinian refugee camp on the outskirts of Damascus. Since 2012, it has been engulfed in the Syrian conflict. Two weeks ago ISIS fighters stormed Yarmouk, residents tell CNN.
There were plenty of highlights and misfires from the 2015 MTV Movie Awards. Amy Schumer's opening video segment was as reliably hilarious and inventive as her Comedy Central show. Rebel Wilson's censored moment was easily the funniest non-Schumer joke.
Marvel released a poster for "Avengers: Age of Ultron" featuring Paul Bettany's Vision. A photo of Charlie Cox's "Daredevil" suit was also released. Director Bryan Singer also announced a new character for "X-Men: Apocalypse"
Ursula Ward: "Odin was the backbone of the family" Aaron Hernandez sentenced to life in prison for murder of Odin Lloyd. Lloyd's uncle: "I won't get to see him have a child..."
Aaron Hernandez could face three more trials -- one criminal, two civil. He is accused of killing two men in a drive-by shooting in Boston in 2012.
"Orphan Black" returns for a new season on April 18. "Turn: Washington's Spies" returns Monday. HBO's "Game of Thrones" returns Sunday.
The actress tweeted about the incident. She was on a trip with her husband. She's long been an advocate for breastfeeding. The UK Department of Transport allows breast milk through security.
Centre County, Pennsylvania, district attorney Ray Gricar went missing 10 years ago. His red Mini Cooper was found abandoned near a bridge on the Susquehanna River. His county-issued laptop and hard drive were found -- separately -- on the banks of the river.
This week marks the 150th anniversary of Abraham Lincoln's death. Julian Zelizer: Lincoln's two greatest legacies -- indivisible union and emancipation -- grew from his Midwestern roots.
Netflix's "Daredevil" is already a hit. The new series stars Charlie Cox as a blind attorney. Critics have largely praised the first two episodes.
The Ringling Bros. Center for Elephant Conservation opened in 1995. The center houses 29 elephants, and 13 more will join the group by 2018. Each elephant costs $65,000 a year, over all the years of their life.
Dzhokhar Tsarnaev was convicted last week on 30 charges related to Boston Marathon bombings. The jury will begin deliberating his punishment next week.
A faulty electrical cable is to blame for the explosions, the university says. Hundreds were injured and taken to hospitals, the school says. The confusion and panic comes less than two weeks after an attack at a college in Garissa.
Robert Bates is charged with second-degree manslaughter. He is accused of shooting Eric Courtney Harris in the back after an undercover sting. "We're holding up all right at this point," says Harris' brother.
Iman Hashi and her sister Siham are an award-winning singing duo from Somalia. The sisters are currently working on their debut album in the recording studio in Los Angeles.
The reinforcements come from Camp Speicher, a fortified Iraqi base near Tikrit. The Baiji oil refinery is a key strategic resource that has long been a target.
TEPCO deployed the remote-controlled robot on Friday inside one of the damaged reactors. It was the first time the probe had been used.
Official: More than 500 Houthi rebels have been killed since the start of Saudi-led operations. A Saudi general says the raids aim to keep the rebels from moving toward southern Yemen.
In Hong Kong, people are going crazy for tins of butter cookies. Tourists and locals line up around the block just to get their hands on Jenny's cookies.
An explosion outside a bus station in Gombe kills at least five people. A woman left her explosives-laden handbag near a bus filling up with passengers.
Brett McGurk is the Obama administration's point man in the fight against ISIS. He says the U.S. is in "uncharted territory" when it comes to putting down the terror group.
"Amy: The Girl Behind the Name" will be released in the UK on July 3. The trailer conveys Winehouse's ambivalence about fame.
Jury convicts Dzhokhar Tsarnaev on all 30 counts; sentencing phase begins April 21. Judge tells jurors not to attend any events or gatherings related to the Boston Marathon.
John T. Booker Jr. is charged with trying to detonate a car bomb at Fort Riley military base. Booker, a former U.S. Army enlistee, told agents he wanted to engage in violent jihad, complaint says. A second man, who allegedly knew about the bomb plot but didn't call authorities, was charged with failing to report a felony.
Paltrow is participating in the #FoodBankNYCChallenge. She will spend $29 on food stamps for the next seven days. The challenge is in response to recent cuts to food stamps.
A swarm of Asian carp attacked the Washington University rowing team. No one was injured, but the smell of fish lingered in the water. The incident happened at Creve Coeur Lake outside of St. Louis.
"A new day and a new Nigeria are upon us," Muhammadu Buhari says. "I promised the country free and fair elections. I have kept my word," outgoing President Goodluck Jonathan says.
Over the weekend ISIS moved into towns just to the north of Ramadi, sending thousands fleeing on foot into the city. Amriyat al-Falluja regularly comes under attack from rockets and mortars from ISIS positions nearby.
Amina Ali Qassim and her family fled their home on the Yemeni island of Birim at first light. Qassim's son Mohamed describes the families' journey across the Red Sea as "a window into hell"
Georgia Gov. Nathan Deal signs bill that legalizes low-THC cannabis oil for certain conditions. Haleigh Cox, 5, has suffered hundreds of seizures a day for years. "This means the world to us," her mother says.
Cubans divide and cohabitate in crumbling "solares," often with several generations sharing one dwelling. Carolina Sandretto captured intimate moments of Cubans resting in the sweltering heat.
Julian Zelizer: Getting Congress' signature might be worth the effort. He says it would still be a mistake to move forward with the deal as an executive-based agreement.
A tour bus for Lady Antebellum caught fire on a Texas freeway. Band co-leader Hillary Scott says everyone on board was safely evacuated.
The Senate on Tuesday gave final approval to a Medicare reform bill that includes a permanent solution to the "doc fix" The issue of payments to Medicare providers has been a thorny issue for years.
Roxy Walsh found the ring while snorkeling at Finn's Beach in Bali. It was engraved with the words, "Darling Joe, Happy 70th Birthday 2009. Love Jenny"
Ansar Beit Al-Maqdis, an ISIS affiliate, claims responsibility for one of the attacks. Egypt's army has been fighting a decade-long militant Islamist insurgency.
Singer P!nk faced backlash after posting a photo of herself at a cancer benefit. P!nk's fans rallied around her and shared their own un-perfect photos.
Cynthia Lennon was 75. She married John Lennon when he was a struggling musician. She was a stabilizing force for the young John, who lost his mother at a young age.
President Barack Obama is in Panama for the Summit of the Americas. Frida Ghitis: U.S. has lost influence in Latin America to China, Russia, Iran.
Parents who refuse to vaccinate their children can lose up to $11,000 of welfare benefits a year. Currently parents can choose to opt out of vaccinations for medical or religious reasons. More than 39,000 children under the age of seven have not been vaccinated because of their parents' objections.
Items were made by Japanese-Americans confined to World War II internment camps. A grass-roots campaign led to a New Jersey auction house pulling the items. "Star Trek" actor George Takei helped mediate.
ISIS separated young women and girls to be sold as sex slaves, Yazidi women tell CNN. ISIS: Enslaving the families of the kuffar (infidels) and taking their women as concubines is an established aspect of Shariah.
V. Stiviano is ordered to pay back more than $2.6 million in gifts. Donald Sterling's wife sued Stiviano, saying she used the couple's money to get duplex.
Iran's chief justice says Jason Rezaian will be tried soon on espionage charges. The Washington Post's bureau chief in Tehran was arrested in July.
Hawks guard/forward Thabo Sefolosha says police caused his season-ending injury. He and teammate Pero Antic were arrested near the scene of the stabbing of Indiana Pacers player.
Georgian chess grandmaster Gaioz Nigalidze is banned from the Dubai Open Chess Tournament. His opponent grew suspicious when Nigalidze kept darting to the toilet, chess club says. Chess analysis app was logged onto a chess analysis app, chess club says.
Peter Bergen, Emily Schneider: CIA drone strikes kill two al Qaeda leaders. Al Qaeda's South Asia branch created to steal some limelight from ISIS, they say.
Tulsa World: Some supervisors were told to forge Robert Bates' training records. Bates says he meant to use his Taser but accidentally fired his handgun instead. The Tulsa County Sheriff's Office has denied the allegations in the paper's report.
TV5Monde says it was hacked by an Islamist group. The outage began around 10 p.m. Paris time (4 p.m. ET) There was no immediate claim of responsibility by ISIS or any other group.
Clinton's soon-to-be campaign manager distributed a "values statement" at the meeting. The document makes clear that the campaign will try to avoid mistakes that plagued Clinton's failed 2008 run.
John Helinski was homeless and nameless for three years. Helinski hit it big thanks to the Social Security Administration, and a big-hearted cop and a case worker.
Natural gas line explosion at a law enforcement shooting range in Fresno, California, injures 11 people. Among them are two sheriff's deputies, a county road worker and an inmate on a work detail.
Dozens of foreigners, including Americans, have volunteered to fight against ISIS. Western military trainers are working with Kurdish troops and even militia in Iraq and Syria. The U.S. military is "confident" that its support of the forces battling ISIS is sufficient.
"Furious 7" is racially and ethnically diverse. The cast includes actors of color and women. Vin Diesel says the films have come a long way.
It has been 42 days since the last known case of B3 strain of measles. The California Department of Public Health says 131 people came down with the B3 strain.
Thousands of South Africans take to the streets of Durban to rally against violence and xenophobia. The marches follow recent violent attacks on foreigners in the country that have claimed five lives.
Dr. Anthony Moschetto, 54, pleads not guilty to criminal solicitation, conspiracy, burglary, arson, criminal prescription sale and weapons charges. Two other men -- identified as James Chmela, 43, and James Kalamaras, 41 -- plead not guilty.
U.N. Security Council votes in favor of an arms embargo on Houthis. Russia abstains from the vote, saying it didn't like the inclusion of sanctions. Egypt says it will dispatch naval ships to help halt the Houthis' advance.
A trailer for "Batman v. Superman: Dawn of Justice" leaked online. The highly anticipated footage was set to premiere in Imax theaters on Monday. The film stars Ben Affleck as Batman and Henry Cavill as Superman.
Former NFL star Aaron Hernandez is sentenced to life in prison without the possibility of parole. Jurors: "It's the hardest thing I've ever done in my life"
Third person arrested in alleged spring break gang rape on Florida beach. George Davon Kennedy was arrested in DeKalb County, Georgia, police say. Two Troy University students have been charged in the case.
The hope is that most of the battleship's sailors and Marines can be identified. The USS Oklahoma sank when it was hit by torpedoes on December 7, 1941.
U.N. Secretary-General describes Yarmouk refugee camp as "deepest circle of hell" John P. Holmes: The logic of our humanitarian mandate never felt stronger to me.
A 15-year-old girl is detained after authorities receive information she was leaving the country to join ISIS. Police and airport security located the girl on a Johannesburg-bound flight.
Stancil is accused of killing an employee at Wayne Community College in North Carolina. "No, I don't need one," he tells the judge.
Robert Bates: "I still can't believe it happened" The reserve sheriff's deputy is charged with manslaughter in the death of Eric Harris. Harris died after Bates says he mistook his firearm for a stun gun.
147 people -- mostly students -- were massacred when Al-Shabaab militants invaded a campus in Garissa. Mohamed Mohamud is accused of being the "mastermind" behind the atrocity. The principal at the Madrassa says he also taught with Mohamud for two years.
Pope Francis calls the 1915 killing of Armenians "the first genocide of the 20th century" He quotes from a document signed by John Paul II and the head of the Armenian church. Turkey summons the Vatican ambassador for consultations.
NFL Commissioner Roger Goodell tells Peterson his participation is contingent on other conditions. Peterson must maintain "an ongoing program of counseling and treatment," the NFL says.
Tulsa County reserve deputy Robert (Bob) Bates, 73, is on administrative leave after "inadvertently" shooting a suspect with his gun. Police say Bates thought he pulled out his Taser during an arrest, but instead shot the suspect.
Chinese police arrested 133,000 people and seized 43.3 tons of illegal narcotics. Authorities also handled 115,000 drug-related crimes -- such as robbery -- during six-month campaign. Nine police officers died and another 657 were wounded in the mission.
Jack White will take a hiatus from touring. The hiatus will last for a brief, first-ever acoustic tour. The shows will be unannounced until day-of-show.
CNN granted rare access on a desperate aid mission by Unicef, the United Nations Children's Fund. More than 100,000 Yemeni civilians have fled their homes since fighting began. Thousands have fled the country on evacuation flights in recent weeks.
Tomasz Lazar photographs adults who were forced to live in Siberia as children. "The more you look at them, the more you are discovering," he says.
Robert Bates had one Taser training class over a six-and-a-half-year period, lawyer says. Bates is charged with second-degree manslaughter in the death of Eric Harris.
Abdirahman Sheik Mohamud, 23, of Columbus, pleads not guilty. He's accused of providing material support to terrorists and lying to the FBI.
Pilot Les Abend: Andreas Lubitz's illness didn't just appear out of thin air. Abend: How the red flags of his illness were missed is curious.
"Star Wars: The Force Awakens" producers unveiled a nearly two-minute trailer. Millions try to figure out the hypothetical birthday of someone named Cheryl.
Michelle MacLaren was announced as "Wonder Woman" director in November. "Warner Bros. and Michelle MacLaren have decided not to move forward with plans," studio says.
Etan Patz went missing in New York City at age 6 in 1979. His photo appeared on milk cartons after his disappearance. Pedro Hernandez confessed to killing the boy; his lawyer says he's mentally ill.
ABC is filming a proof of concept for a revival of "The Muppets" "Big Bang Theory" co-creator Bill Prady is co-writing the script. The project, if all goes well, could go straight to series.
Sushmita Sen: 80% of women in Mumbai have been street harassed. She says 1 in 3 women around the world face some form of sexual violence at least once in their lifetime.
Jonathan Crombie played Gilbert Blythe on "Anne of Green Gables" TV series. Crombie died Wednesday from complications of a brain hemorrhage, "Anne of Green Gables" producer says.
This week's attack on Garissa University College is Al-Shabaab's fifth major assault in Kenya in the past year and a half. Thursday's attack on the university is one more sign of the weakness of Al-Shabaab, says Peter Bergen.
Marion "Suge" Knight's bail is lowered to $10 million from $25 million. Knight is accused of running over two men, killing one of them, during an argument.
National Park Week is April 18 through April 26. 128 parks that charge a fee will be free on Saturday and Sunday. Check out night-time astronomy parties, daytime Revolutionary War programs, Earth Day parties.
7.7 million low-income households live in substandard housing, says HUD chief Shaun Shaun Donovan. Donovan: The more they spend on housing, the less they have to invest in their children's education, build up savings.
Debra Lobo, a 55-year-old California native, was shot in the right cheek and left arm. Police found pamphlets that the assailants had thrown into Lobo's car, written in Urdu.
Jury of Rolling Stone's media peers has dissected the magazine's disastrous, discredited story about rape on the campus of the University of Virginia. Sally Kohn: The magazine's lapses and sloppy blunders amount to journalistic malpractice.
Jon Cryer re-created a famous "Duckie" scene on Tuesday's "Late Late Show" James Corden tweeted that he'd "fulfilled a childhood dream" Cryer turned 50 on Thursday.
Politicians underestimated the pushback organized by local and national businesses. America has crossed a threshold where it is no longer a good business model to be intolerant of diversity.
Photographer Ines Dumig met Sahra through a photo workshop at Refugio, a shelter in Munich, Germany. Dumig describes Sahra as someone living through an unresolved situation.
Jarret Stoll was arrested at a Las Vegas resort, CNN affiliate KSNV reports. He is reportedly involved with TV personality Erin Andrews.
Mario Valencia stole a rifle from an Arizona Walmart in February. He then fled into a busy office park, where he pointed the gun at an officer, police say.
Steve Esmond, his teenage sons and the teens' mother fell ill more than two weeks ago. The boys, 16 and 14, were in critical condition at a Philadelphia hospital on Saturday.
ISIS claims responsibility for attack near U.S. Consulate in Irbil, Iraq. All U.S. Consulate personnel are safe and accounted for, State Department says.
"We once again unequivocally condemn the maiming and killing of our brothers and sisters," government says. Thousands sought refuge in temporary shelters after mobs with machetes attacked immigrants.
Davion Navar Henry Only went to a church to make a plea for a home. He had lived his entire life in foster care. He finally found a home with a woman who has been there for him since he was 7.
Elizabeth Warren says she won't slack off on calls for breaking up banks. Julian Zelizer: If Democrats want to take on Wall Street, they first have to bring about reform of the campaign finance system.
Three weeks since Saudi Arabia began airstrikes on Houthi rebels in Yemen. Hopes for stability are fading as fears grow that Saudia Arabia and Iran are fighting a proxy war.
Joy Womack is a principal dancer at the Kremlin Ballet Theatre. She left the Bolshoi Ballet in 2013 amid claims she was paid $10,000 to dance small roles. The dancer says the amount of money she makes in dollars each month has fallen as the Russian ruble has weakened.
"Nothing stopped these defendants from plotting their goal," U.S. attorney says. The group of friends, ages 19 to 21, were arrested Sunday.
Dr. Sanjay Gupta has been investigating medical marijuana for the last couple of years. His research resulted in three CNN documentaries, culminating with "Weed 3: The Marijuana Revolution"
Maggie Doyne is raising nearly 50 children in Surkhet, Nepal. Her BlinkNow Foundation also runs a school and a women's center. Do you know a hero? Nominations are open for CNN Heroes 2015.
Jason Warnock was driving through a canyon in Lewiston, Idaho, when he saw the SUV dangling over the edge. He scrambled up a hill to the GMC Yukon and its terrified driver, 23-year-old Matthew Sitko.
Tom Brady sends his wife a message of congratulations. Gisele Bundchen announced her retirement from the catwalk last weekend. She was the highest-paid model in 2014, according to Forbes magazine.
Photographer Timothy Bouldry traveled to India to document what it's like to live inside a landfill. About 100 families live in the Boragaon landfill, which is surrounded by swamplands.
A lawsuit alleges Johns Hopkins helped conduct a similar study in Guatemala. Orphans, inmates, psychiatric patients and prostitutes were deliberately infected. The suit seeks more than $1 billion in damages.
Sheriff Stanley Glanz didn't specify the nature of the threats. He said he was "very concerned" for their safety and that of their families.
Surveillance video shows ESPN reporter Britt McHenry berating a towing company employee. "I'm in the news, sweetheart. I will (expletive) sue this place," she says.
A jury recommends Chancey Allen Luna spend life in prison without parole. He was convicted of first-degree murder for the 2013 shooting death of Christopher Lane. Lane, an Australian attending East Central University, was shot while jogging.
The trailer for "Star Wars: Episode VII -- The Force Awakens" premiered at Comic-Con. The cast and director were on hand to introduce the trailer.
African cities are becoming hubs for the continent's ultra-high net worth individuals. Sales of luxury products across the continent have grown by a third between 2008 and 2013. Luxury consumer in Africa is much younger than those in mature markets such as Western Europe.
Kim Richards is accused of kicking a police officer after being arrested. She was taken into custody at the Beverly Hills Hotel on accusations of trespassing, resisting arrest and public intoxication.
Thousands of Yazidis are now living in a refugee camp near the front lines with ISIS. Some were taken captive by ISIS, and forced to convert to Islam or be shot.
A Japanese court has halted plans to restart two nuclear reactors in the west of the country. The decision is a blow to Japanese Prime Minister Shinzo Abe, who has pushed for a return to nuclear energy.
Jailing of four Blackwater guards eight years after they killed 17 Iraqi civilians is not enough. ISIS has been using Abu Ghraib and other cases of Western abuse to support its sectarian narrative. Lack of accountability in the aftermath of the American intervention in Iraq paved the way for abuses like Abu Ghraib and Blackwater.
A volunteer sheriff's deputy in Tulsa, Oklahoma, shot and killed Eric Harris. The 73-year-old said he meant to use his stun gun, but ended up firing his handgun instead. Experts say it's hard to draw and fire a handgun mistakenly instead of a Taser.
French customs officers seize more than 2 tons of cocaine. The drugs are the biggest cocaine seizure ever carried out by French authorities, an official says.
Iraqi security forces regain full control of Baiji refinery, coalition says. Kurdish security council: At least 35 ISIS terrorists killed in offensive near Kirkuk.
A Russian TV channel aired Hillary Clinton's first campaign video with a rating stamp that means it's for mature audiences. A clip of the video, which features a gay couple holding hands, got the 18+ rating from the independent TV Rain channel.
Al-Shabaab claims responsibility for the attack. Police say the dead include a woman and a boy. The restaurant is across the street from Somalia's Central Hotel.
Robert Kennedy Jr. compared "vaccine-induced autism" to the Holocaust. Sally Kohn: People with autism are not missing or destroyed.
President Barack Obama joins U.S. Surgeon General and EPA chief for a roundtable discussion on climate change. World Health Organization estimates climate change will cause an additional 250,000 deaths per year between 2030 and 2050.
Daisy Bentley has collected notes on the streets of London for the past six years. She has found shopping lists, requests, love notes and motivational musings. Her 1,500-strong collection is now on display at Stour Space gallery in London.
Bill would allow Oklahoma to use nitrogen gas in executions if lethal injection is ruled unconstitutional. Nitrogen causes a quick loss of consciousness and then death from lack of oxygen.
American Pharmacists Association discourages members from participating in executions. The group adopted a ban as an official policy at its annual meeting this week.
A second robotic probe sent into the crippled Fukushima nuclear plant has captured images of a strange green glow. Tokyo Electric Power Company deployed the second remote-controlled robot last week after the first one broke down. The robot detected lower radiation levels and temperature than expected.
Mike Rowe meets Chad Pregracke, the founder of Living Lands & Waters. Pregracke was named the 2013 CNN Hero of the Year for his river cleanup efforts.
"I could hear the three crunch sounds and then it just came down," witness says. Josh and Vanessa Ellis were youth pastors at the EastPointe Foursquare Church.
Lawmakers in Florida and Arizona are too often donning the white coats to orchestrate medical practice. Asking about guns is standard practice in psychiatry and pediatrics, Dr. Sanjay Gupta says.
U.N. official: Migrants on the boat may have been swamped or touched by a cargo ship. The company managing the cargo ship denies that it caused the migrant boat to capsize. The likely toll makes the sinking the deadliest known disaster involving migrants.
23 people have minor injuries, fire department and ministry sources say. Authorities are investigating reports that the plane may have hit an object on the runway.
Italy cut back naval assets dedicated to rescuing migrants. Without European support, the Italian government cut back the naval assets. People from Syria, Mali and Eritrea are among the tens of thousands trying to escape repression.
Five years after the Deepwater Horizon rig exploded and unleashed the largest marine oil spill in the nation's history, we are still experiencing -- yet only beginning to understand -- its profound environmental and economic repercussions.
North Korea demands the release of the vessel and crew. Mexico says the company that owns the ship has skirted U.N. sanctions. The Mu Du Bong ran aground off the coast of Mexico in July.
Heather Mack, 19, is sentenced to 10 years in prison for killing her mother in Bali. Mack's boyfriend, Tommy Schaefer, is sentenced to 18 years for battering Sheila von Wiese-Mack to death. Mack gave birth to her own daughter just weeks ago.
Drake: "I got to make out with the queen Madonna and I feel 100 about that forever" The rapper seemed less than enthused after Madonna's prolonged smooch.
Federal jury convicts Dzhokhar Tsarnaev of 30 charges related to 2013 Boston Marathon bombings. Paul Callan: Second phase of Tsarnaev's trial is deciding whether he should be executed.
Gisele Bundchen sashayed down the catwalk at Sao Paulo Fashion Week on Wednesday night. The 34-year-old supermodel announced over the weekend that she would be retiring from the catwalk.
The TV season is winding down. There are a few finales this week. Christina Aguilera is set to perform at the ACM Awards Sunday.
Robert Finn was the highest-ranking U.S. Catholic official convicted in sex abuse scandal. Prosecutor: "We can be assured now that there will be no hesitation to report it"
CNN looks at the 20th anniversary of the bombing of the Murrah Federal Building in Oklahoma City. CNN's Sanjay Gupta looks at the history of marijuana in medicine.
Peter Gallagher claims Joss Whedon and Drew Goddard took the idea for "The Cabin in the Woods" He's suing for copyright infringement and wants $10 million in damages. Both feature a group of young people terrorized by monsters while staying at a cabin.
A fan's version of the "Batman v. Superman" trailer has gone viral. Bobby Burns wanted to contrast the old with the new.
The 2015 Rock and Roll Hall of Fame induction ceremony took place Saturday night in Cleveland. John Legend, Paul McCartney and Yoko Ono were in attendance. Joan Jett and the Blackhearts were inducted by Miley Cyrus.
New trailers for "Fantastic Four," "Jurassic World" debut. "Fantastic Four" promises a new take on the Marvel comics characters. "Jurassic World" has a controversial scene.
It's unclear how Freddie Gray, 25, suffered a severe spinal cord injury. It's also unknown what caused the spinal cord injury that led to his death.
A deadly avalanche on Mount Everest killed 16 local guides last year. This year's climbing season has been shortened by a few days. The notoriously dangerous path has been changed to one that takes longer but is expected to be safer.
Olivia Wilde and Garrett Hedlund are set to return for "Tron 3" The pair will reprise their characters from 2010's "Tron: Legacy" The sequel is being directed by Joseph Kosinski.
Fires started in southeastern Siberia on April 14. Lingering smoke from the fires picked up by atmospheric winds. The colors are especially intense during sunrises and sunsets.
ISIS claims responsibility for attack in Jalalabad. The Taliban distanced themselves from the attack. Fears about ISIS involvement in the region have been growing this year.
The three were found plane spotting near Fujairah airport on February 22. "We made our defense, and the judge made the decision to drop the case," their lawyer says.
"Krystle was the light of my life. She was extremely smart, hardworking, beautiful, every father's dream," father says. Prosecutor: Dzhokhar Tsarnaev "murdered each one of them in a way that they had time to feel pain"
Australian Prime Minister Tony Abbott is caught on camera guzzling a glass of beer in seven seconds. His feat of swift consumption in a crowded bar impressed some people but annoyed others.
David Frum: Taylor Swift, Mark Cuban urging people to get blood tests. Frum: Private sector gearing up to serve the "test me" market.
The Academy of Country Music Awards celebrated its 50th anniversary Sunday. The show was held at the Dallas Cowboys stadium. Taylor Swift was given an extended honor.
There was a recent Sabra hummus recall. The product's routine sample last month revealed the presence of Listeria monocytogenes. Consuming such bacteria can lead to listeriosis, a serious infection.
New Line Cinema is planning a Mariah Carey Christmas movie. The producer says it will be "everything you hope a Christmas movie with Mariah Carey would be"
Saudi Arabia has executed a second Indonesian maid, despite protests from Jakarta. Karni Medi Tarsim was sentenced to death in March 2013 for killing her employer's four-year-old child. She was the second Indonesian domestic worker executed by the Saudis this week.
The fire started Sunday as a nonthreatening and seemingly shrinking grass fire. By Monday night, the fire had burned nearly 2,000 acres and was 50% contained.
The proceeds will go to a school in Montevideo, Uruguay. Last year, the Pope donated a Harley-Davidson that he was given to charity.
Pope Francis could make a stop in Cuba during his U.S. trip in September. The Pope helped negotiate a thaw in U.S.-Cuba relations last year.
Prince Jan Zylinski says he is fed up with discrimination against Poles living in Britain. He challenges UK Independence Party leader Nigel Farage to a duel in London's Hyde Park. Farage says he does not intend to cross swords with the prince.
A small boat carrying about 50 migrants left from the area of Le Borgne. It began to sail toward the island of Providenciales in the Turks and Caicos.
Cyclist Wang Pingan is nearing the end of a two-wheel trek that covered thousands of miles through every major province in the vast country. His mountain bike was stolen as he arrived in the southern city of Shenzhen. But police managed to track it down and return it.
New neighborhood set to emerge on the historic grounds of the famous beer-maker in the heart of Danish capital. Carlsberg City won "Best Master Plan" at the World Architecture Festival in 2009. Prices range from just below Copenhagen's average $5,000 per square meter to about $12,000.
Boko Haram suspected of attacking civilians in Cameroon for first time in a month. Six attackers were killed by Cameroonian forces, military spokesman says. Boko Haram has been waging a years-long campaign of terror aimed at instituting its extreme version of Sharia law.
Kenya's police air wing chief denies any delay in the response to the university attack. A police commando source says there was a two-hour delay in transport from Nairobi to Garissa.
Former Maryland Gov. Martin O'Malley is intensifying his criticism of front-runner Hillary Clinton. Hillary Clinton finds a lot to love, and some distance, from President Obama's leadership style.
David Rothkopf: U.S.-Iran relationship is not symmetrical. He says nuclear negotiations are only making Iran a more acceptable business partner.
Photographer Andres Figueroa documented religious festivals in the Atacama Desert. The series is called "Dancers of the Deserts" The festivals attract about 200,000 people to quiet mining towns in Chile.
Mendel Epstein, Jay Goldstein and Binyamin Stimler were found guilty on one count of conspiracy to commit kidnapping. The rabbis were part of a ring accused of accepting tens of thousands of dollars to orchestrate the kidnappings of Jewish husbands.
The book's first printing was increased from 500,000 to 1 million copies. The publisher also released to CNN a never-before-seen image from the new volume by Dr. Seuss.
There are nearly 5,000 "gems" scattered across the country, ranging from museums to archaeological areas and monuments. Italy boasts the highest number of UNESCO World Heritage sites in the world.
syringe services programs have played a crucial role in driving down HIV transmission among injecting drug users. Federal government provides the majority of funding for all HIV prevention services.
Plane went down about 2 miles east of the Central Illinois Regional Airport in Bloomington. Illinois State associate men's basketball coach Torrey Ward, deputy athletic director Aaron Leetch died. The plane was coming back from the NCAA Final Four championship game in Indianapolis.
The last time a new glassfrog was found in Costa Rica was back in 1973. It's called a glassfrog because of its translucent belly.
The town of Celoron, New York, is looking for a new sculptor to fix the statue. The bronze figure of comedian and area native Lucille Ball has elicited comparisons to a "Walking Dead" zombie.
AC/DC drummer Phil Rudd pleads guilty to charges of threatening to kill and possession of drugs. Rudd was arrested in November last year after police found methamphetamine and cannabis at his home. The 60-year-old Australian was released on bail until the sentencing hearing on June 26.
Erika Langhart died of multiple pulmonary embolisms after a blood clot in her thigh traveled to her lungs. Hospital records cited the NuvaRing as a risk factor for Erika's multiple pulmonary embolisms.
A petition calling for a "Jedi temple" on a university campus in Turkey has 5,500 signatures. The petition is the latest in a debate about religious freedom in Turkey.
CF-18 Hornets strike near ISIS' de facto capital of Raqqa, Canada's military says. "We will deny them safe haven in the region," Canada's defense minister says.
Jury in Aaron Hernandez murder trial deliberates for about an hour-and-a-half. The prosecution portrayed Hernandez as cold, calculating and insecure.
Al Qaeda fighters attack a prison in the coastal Yemeni city of Al Mukallah. At least 270 prisoners are freed, a third of whom have al Qaeda links, officials say.
A sexual harassment complaint has been filed against New Zealand PM John Key. A waitress complained that he repeatedly pulled her ponytail at an Auckland cafe. Key apologized, saying it was in the context of "a bit of banter"
Monday marks the second anniversary of the Boston Marathon bombings. Michael Pregent: The city has moved on from the attacks. He says the trial of Dzhokhar Tsarnaev revealed key lessons.
James Best played bumbling sheriff Rosco P. Coltrane on "The Dukes of Hazzard" Best died in hospice in Hickory, North Carolina, of complications from pneumonia. "I laughed and learned more from Jimmie in one hour than from anyone else," co-star John Schneider says.
An initial shipment of 16 tons of medical supplies reaches Yemen, UNICEF says. The agency says the conflict is exacting a heavy toll on children and families.
Frances Bean Cobain is the daughter of Nirvana singer-guitarist Kurt Cobain. She is also an executive producer of the new HBO documentary on his life, "Kurt Cobain: Montage of Heck" She speaks publicly for the first time about her father.
About 4,500 people have been isolated by flood waters. The emergency services have been slammed with 13,000 calls for help. The powerful storm has already claimed four lives, according to New South Wales Police.
"Success Kid" is 8-year-old Sammy Griner. His dad, Justin, needs a kidney transplant. A GoFundMe campaign has already topped its goal.
"It's not like him. That's just not his character," Michael Slager's mother tells ABC. Slager was proficient with the nonlethal Taser, personnel records show.
Bill and Denise Richard lost their son, 8-year-old Martin. Dzhokhar Tsarnaev was convicted last week on all 30 charges related to the bombings.
One suspect has been charged with conspiring to commit a terrorist act. Prime Minister Tony Abbott says the suspects planned to attack during a national commemoration. The suspects were associates of an 18-year-old who was killed in September, police say.
Aaron Hernandez is on trial in the death of Odin Lloyd. Lloyd was dating the sister of Hernandez's fiancee. Hernandez has pleaded not guilty to murder and two weapons charges.
Kenya and Al-Shabaab are at war. Al-Shabaab has killed many more Kenyans and is by far the country's most persistent tormenter.
Lewis Hamilton on pole for Sunday's Chinese Grand Prix. Beat teammate Nico Rosberg by a slim four hundredths of a second. Sebastian Vettel will start in third.
Tiny Tristan da Cunha is the most isolated human settlement on earth. UK overseas territory is holding an international competition to improve aging infrastructure. Tristan is the largest land-accessible island and the only one to house people.
Scientists have been studying the blob for months. It is 1,000 miles long, 1,000 miles wide and 100 yards deep. Some marine species are exploring the warmer waters.
Dashcam video shows Walmart parking lot brawl that left one man dead. Enoch Gaver, 21, was killed in the fight in the town of Cottonwood.
Mohammed Abu Khdeir's name appeared this week on the wall at Jerusalem's Mount Herzl. Abu Khdeir, 16, was beaten and burned alive by three Israelis in July, according to prosecutors.
Alfred Taubman started out as an architectural designer, but later became a shopping mall developer. His company, the Taubman Co., owns or partly owns 20 major U.S. malls.
LZ Granderson: ESPN reporter's rude comments to towing company worker caught on video. Granderson: Britt McHenry should be an example to others.
Friday is the 100th anniversary of the start of the killings of Armenians in the Ottoman Empire. Estimates range from 300,000 to 2 million deaths between 1914 and 1923.
The Khmer Rouge's four-year rule in the 1970s resulted in 1.7 million deaths. The regime was driven from Phnom Penh by Soviet-backed Vietnamese forces in January 1979. The Khmer Rouge's attempts to reboot society at "Year Zero" had involved a concentrated effort to exterminate the country's educated classes.
Wall Street is ready to roll out the red carpet for Hillary Clinton. Clinton has long enjoyed a close relationship with the financial industry. But it will also pose a delicate balancing act when it comes to appeasing a vocal wing of her party.
French president: "A terrorist attack has been foiled. It's not the first time" A prosecutor says a man called for an ambulance, then asked for medical help. Police found a loaded Kalashnikov, revolver, cell phones, a laptop and handwritten documents.
Larry Upright, a staunch Republican, died Monday at a North Carolina hospital. His family asks that in lieu of flowers, donations be made to Shriners Hospital for Children.
Hillary Clinton's father, Hugh Rodham, was buried there in 1993. The headstone was found tipped over this week. No other headstones were knocked over.
A family trip to a Nebraska zoo turned terrifying for one family. The gorilla they were looking at leaped toward the exhibit window, cracking it. Kevin Cave caught the incident on video that he posted on his Reddit page.
Tsarnaev's relatives arrive at airport, but it's not clear if they plan to testify. Survivors and family members of those killed in the Boston Marathon bombing share their stories.
Julian Zelizer: It's only a few weeks since the first presidential announcement but already it feels like the campaign is in high gear. Zelizer: Most of the candidates -- and some probable candidates -- are already starting to make mistakes.
Adam Gadahn was known as the American mouthpiece for al Qaeda. He urged Muslims in the U.S. to stage their own lone-wolf attacks.
A new WWF report says the world's seventh-largest economy is heading toward collapse. But the "super economy" of the ocean is going downhill fast, the authors say.
Penelope Cruz will join the cast of "Zoolander 2" Ben Stiller shared a photo of her as a child. The sequel is scheduled for release in February 2016.
Valerie Braham's husband was one of 17 people killed in January's terror attacks in Paris. "Now I truly understand everyone who has lost a loved one," she says.
Would-be migrants come from more than 20 countries, drawn to Libya as the funnel to Europe. Motivations range from escaping repression or military service to joining relatives in Europe.
South Korean investigators say they have proof -- the actual malicious codes used in the attacks. The 2013 attack paralyzed an estimated 48,000 computers at a number of major banks and broadcasters. Pyongyang has dismissed the claims it launched these attacks, calling them a "plot and fabrication"
Majority of our partners do not have credible and capable special operations forces. U.S. is not where it needs to be and instead finds itself constantly responding to crises instead of heading them off.
Official: U.S. is conducting "manned reconnaissance" off Yemen. Saudi-led coalition ends its nearly monthlong airstrike campaign in Yemen. New initiative will focus on the political process.
Indonesia has ordered preparations for the execution of 10 inmates on death row. They include Filipino maid Mary Jane Veloso and Australians Andrew Chan and Myuran Sukumaran. Jakarta has advised consular officials to travel to "execution island"
A SkyWest Airlines flight makes an emergency landing in Buffalo, New York. A passenger loses consciousness, airline spokeswoman says. The passenger received medical attention before being released, spokeswoman says.
New Orleans went smoke-free as Tuesday became Wednesday at midnight. Harrah's New Orleans and bar owners filed a lawsuit to stop the ban.
Comedian Ricky Gervais tweeted a photo of a dead giraffe next to Rebecca Francis. "What must've happened to you in your life to make you want to kill a beautiful animal & then lie next to it smiling?" he wrote.
Libya plays a central role in the current crisis as the main departure point for Italy. Many of the refugees involved in recent disasters come from some of Italy's former colonies.
"It was time to come home," Scott Kelley tells People magazine. He and his wife are accused of kidnapping their daughter when she was 8 years old. The case was featured on CNN's "The Hunt"
Cotton farmers in India's Vidarbha region have taken their own lives at a rate of nearly one per day. A plentiful harvest in 2014 drove prices down while production costs rose, leaving many farmers either lacking income or burdened with debt.
Varvara, a North Pacific gray whale, swam nearly 14,000 miles. She traveled from Russia's Sakhalin Island to Baja, Mexico.
Relations between Iran and Saudi Arabia have always been thorny, but rarely has the state of affairs been as venomous as it is today. For Riyadh and its regional allies, the Saudi military intervention in Yemen is the moment the Sunni Arab nation woke up to the expansion of Shia-Iranian influence.
The women will be under police surveillance for a year, their attorney says. The U.S. had urged China to free them, and the international community criticized keeping them in custody.
Dr. Jennifer Caudle: Girl Scout Cookie season is here. She says the popular treats contain high levels of sugar, trans fats and genetically modified organisms.
Failure to pay child support is not a crime, but skipping child support court should similarly not be a crime either. Deadbeat and absent dads are one of the most serious and often overlooked threats to our collective well-being today.
A video surfaced showing ESPN's Britt McHenry berating and belittling a tow company employee. Sally Kohn: We're a society obsessed with putting celebrities on a pedestal.
LZ Granderson: America will be too fat to fight. He says military will be unable to recruit enough qualified soldiers because of obesity. Granderson: Perceptions of weight are a big part of the problem.
Aaron Hernandez will be moved to Souza-Baranowski Correctional Center. It's one of the most high-tech jails in the United States. Legal advocates for inmates describe Souza as sterile and violent at once.
John Thune: Obama administration's Clean Power Plan is an energy policy plan, not a carbon reduction plan. He says EPA credits nuclear power in its models of both current emissions and plan implementation.
In an interview, U.S. President Barack Obama said the U.S. will "engage, but we preserve all our capabilities" The doctrine provides greater clarity about the U.S. policy under the rest of Obama's presidency, writes Sultan Sooud Al Qassemi. But implementing the core U.S. interests outlined by Obama is clearly not working, he says.
Marco Rubio announced he is running for president in 2016. Ruben Navarrette: Rubio has been his own worst enemy on what could have been his two signature issues.
Adrianne Haslet-Davis and her husband were standing near the finish line. "We were so in love and happy together," she tells a federal jury.
Robert Bates, 73, shot and killed a man while playing cops and robbers with real police. John Sutter: What was Bates doing there in the first place?
Cheryl Rios, CEO of Go Ape Marketing, says "with the hormones we have there is no way we should be able to start a war" Sally Kohn: If Rios is concerned about hormones impacting decisions in the Oval Office, she'd be better off worrying about the male candidates.
Police say there was no sign of forced entry to the vault of a London safe deposit company. They say the thieves gained access to the vault through the shaft of an elevator.
Southern Monitoring Alarm Company called police at 12:21 a.m. on April 3. "No police response was deemed to be required," police say. Theft so big that police haven't come up with a value for what was stolen.
The NFL launched an investigation into the New England Patriots in January. Three months later, it's still not clear when the investigation will be completed and when the findings will be announced.
"This morning a terrible family tragedy has occurred," his sister says. Hollywood Reporter: He is believed to have shot himself on the front porch.
Sofia Vergara's ex-fiance Nick Loeb wants to keep the two frozen embryos from their relationship. The suit asks the court to advance the matter anonymously to protect the two individuals' privacy.
Hillary Clinton's campaign released a video announcement/campaign ad/short film Sunday. Frida Ghitis: It's clear that she will make women and being a woman central to her outreach.
The dress was worn by Vivien Leigh as Scarlett O'Hara in "Gone With the Wind" It was the most sought-after item among 150 "Gone With the Wind" items auctioned.
Five years after the worst U.S. environmental disaster, scientists still don't know how the Gulf is healing. BP, the company that caused the spill, is eager to point out it appears the Gulf of Mexico is healing itself.
Ashish Thakkar is a multi-millionaire businessman from Uganda. He is the first African to sign up for the opportunity to travel to space with Richard Branson's company, Virgin Galactic.
Police arrest Joao Vaccari Neto at his home in Sao Paulo. He is treasurer of the ruling Workers' Party. Vaccari faces charges of corruption and money laundering.
Italian State Police carry out raids in 7 provinces in what they call a first-of-its-kind operation. Some of the suspects had contact with Osama bin Laden before his death, police say.
Hillary Clinton's tenure at the State Department should be a real advantage during the campaign, David Rothkopf says. But this will be no cake walk for her on the foreign policy side, he says.
African car enthusiasts are building eco-friendly vehicles. The "ABUCAR 2" team from Nigeria is building a hybrid-electric motor. Uganda's Makerere University has produced an electric car called "Kiira EV"
Sen. Cory Booker: U.S. leads the world in incarceration, not education. Booker: By imprisoning individuals, we also burden families, condemn generations to cycles of poverty and breed economic inequality.
Authorities issue a red alert for the towns of Puerto Montt and Puerto Varas. A 12-mile (20 kilometer) exclusion zone is established around the crater.
President Obama is headed to Panama for a regional summit. Hillary Clinton will soon make her presidential campaign official. Pressure is mounting on GOP operatives to choose sides in the 2016 race.
Jake Tapper will be the next moderator of CNN's "State of the Union" Tapper will remain the anchor of "The Lead" and "State of the Union"
As of Tuesday, there were 135 cases -- 129 confirmed, six preliminary -- of HIV in Indiana. Gov. Mike Pence issued an order in March for Scott County, which had 79 confirmed cases.
Ahmed Farouq was the deputy emir of al Qaeda in the Indian Subcontinent. He died in a U.S. airstrike in January, according to the White House.
Most companies in South Korea have hoesik at least once a month and sometimes every week. Hoesik is an official eating/drinking fest involving multiple rounds of alcohol at multiple venues. Drinking is considered a way to get to know what someone is really like.
Sissa Abu Dahou has dressed as a man for 43 years to avoid oppression and eek out a living in the conservative Muslim state. The grandmother of two has dressed as a man for 43 years to avoid oppression and eek out a living in the conservative Muslim state.
Flight 448 was on its way to Los Angeles from Seattle-Tacoma International Airport. The pilot radioed air traffic control and said he would make an emergency landing.
Frank Miller's "Dark Knight Returns" is returning. "The Dark Knight III: The Master Race" will be released in the fall.
Hillary Clinton launched her campaign with a video, a new logo and a road trip. David Gergen: Her unconventional approach may be more successful than critics think.
Authorities detained the women in three cities a few days ahead of events planned for International Women's Day. "We strongly support the efforts of these activists to make progress on these challenging issues," John Kerry says.
Official: Houthis agree to "nearly all demands" of the U.N. Security Council. Saudi airstrikes target Houthi positions in three parts of Sanaa, Yemeni officials say.
Jared Leto is cast as the Joker in "Suicide Squad" The movie is the first to feature the best-known comic book villain. "Suicide Squad" hits theaters August 5, 2016.
This year is the time to secure strong global agreement to curb heat-trapping emissions. A successful climate pact will send a signal around the world that a shift to a low-carbon economy is underway.
Elizabeth Warren has publicly criticized so-called "fast track" trade authority. Julian Zelizer: Hillary Clinton has courted Warren's support while forcefully repeating the rhetoric of populism.
Kagoshima District Court finds no "irrationalities" in new safety standards. The ruling could provide a fillip to the government's plans to restart Japanese nuclear reactors. Japan's 48 nuclear reactors are offline in the wake of the Fukushima disaster in 2011.
William Bennett: Prosecutors will seek the death penalty for Dzhokhar Tsarnaev. Bennett: Tsarnaev displayed both cruelty and lack of remorse.
The women were juniors at Georgia Southern University. They were on their way to finish their first set of clinical rotations. A tractor-trailer smashed into cars slowed for a prior accident, police say.
"In the time of shooting, they skipped me," survivor tells CNN. 147 people were killed, including 142 students, three security officers and two university staff.
Eric Liu: America has the highest incarceration rate in the world. Liu: Washington has spent the past century devising the most complicated and nonsensical criminal code known to man.
"It's been an incredibly emotional toll on all of us," jury foreperson tells CNN. Juror says she was struck by the viciousness of multiple gunshots. "He didn't need to pull the trigger," another says of Hernandez.
WHO says tests rule out infections from viruses or bacteria. The mysterious affliction has killed as many as 18 people in Nigeria. Symptoms include headaches, blurred vision, loss of sight and unconsciousness.
U.S. made no serious effort to negotiate for Warren Weinstein's release, sources say. Pakistani soldiers went door-to-door looking for Weinstein, but nothing came of it, sources say.
"I thought we were done," passenger Larry Johnson says. "You're going to feel dizzy and woozy and lightheaded, and you're not going to be able to breathe," Johnson says.
Molly Schuyler scarfs down three 72-ounce steaks, three baked potatoes, three side salads, three rolls and three shrimp cocktails. She also broke her own Big Texan record of two 72-ounce steaks and sides, set last year.
Products such as Cold-Eeze and Zicam came under fire at a hearing Monday. Homeopathy is a medical philosophy that believes your body is the best weapon to fight disease.
Two former members of Congress say U.S. must lead on climate change. They say Kennedy's leadership in space exploration holds lessons for U.S.
Slovenian archaeologist Ivan prajc has been exploring the jungles of Mexico since 1996. Since 1996, he and his team have discovered more than 80 ancient Mayan cities, few of which the modern world had known before.
In the centenary year of the Gallipoli campaign, Australia is at saturation point with battlefield remembrance. But the unassailable fact is that the first world war ripped Australia asunder. Even at the time, the Great War itself was divisive.
She was an undercover reporter for U.S. newspapers in Saudi Arabia for four years. She wrote books that bridged gaps in understanding between Arabs and Americans. Her book on Iraq became required reading for many military officers.
The FBI is investigating a possible ISIS-inspired terrorist threat in the United States. The investigation originated from intercepted chatter and other intelligence information, officials say. No arrests have been made.
Netanyahu must form his government in less than 42 days, according to Israeli law. Last month, Netanyahu's Likud Party snared 30 of the 120 seats in the Knesset.
Sabeen Mahmud had become a Pakistani figurehead for humanism, love and tolerance. She invited a discussion group on a topic that many want silenced, when the shots fell.
North Korean leader Kim Jong Un is expected to visit Moscow in May, official says. It's his first official foreign trip since inheriting leadership of North Korea in 2011.
Fethiye Cetin discovered her Armenian ancestry at the age of 20. Her grandmother told her that her real name was Heranus. Cetin is a prominent lawyer who represented Armenian-Turkish journalist Hrant Dink.
Italian national Giovanni Lo Porto was abducted in Pakistan in 2012, Italian news reports. He was killed by a U.S. drone strike, along with U.S. hostage Warren Weinstein. A professor at his university remembers him as "passionate, friendly and open-minded"
LZ Granderson: We want our killers to be kind, but Aaron Hernandez didn't show that. Granderson: For once, the jury carefully considered the damning mountain of evidence against Hernandez.
Oskar Grning, a former SS guard, stands accused of complicity in the murder of 300,000 Jews during his service at Auschwitz. In acknowledging his moral complicity, Grning fell short of confessing legal guilt.
London is welcoming a new wave of African investors. Investors mainly come from Nigeria, Ghana, Congo, Gabon, Cameroon and Senegal. Over the past three years Africans have spent over $900 million on luxury residential property in London.
Earthquakes are a fact of life in Nepal, with tremors of magnitude 4 or 5 occurring several times each year. The last major earthquake to affect this part of the Himalayas was in the 1500s.
This page includes the show Transcript. Use the Transcript to help students with reading comprehension and vocabulary. At the bottom of the page, comment for a chance to be mentioned on CNN Student News. You must be a teacher or a student age 13 or older to request a mention on the CNN Student News Roll Call.
Al Qaeda took Warren Weinstein hostage in 2011. His family paid money to his captors a year later, a Pakistani source says. Weinstein was inadvertently killed in a U.S. drone strike in January.
Patrick Dempsey's "Grey's Anatomy" character dies in car crash. Dempsey still has a year left on his contract. Ellen Pompeo will continue as his wife, Dr. Meredith Grey.
1915 killings of Armenians under Ottoman Empire widely viewed as genocide. Armenian diaspora lobbying for wider recognition in the international community. Turks say that to most people there the term "genocide" is associated with Nazis.
The first set of female quintuplets in the world since 1969 was born in Houston on April 8. The babies are named Ava Lane, Hazel Grace, Olivia Marie, Parker Kate and Riley Paige.
Jenner's family owns the moment. Lady Gaga, Laverne Cox and the Kardashians also tweet support. Some are more intrigued by Jenner's decision to be a Republican.
April 24 marks the 100th anniversary of the mass killings of Armenians during the Ottoman Empire. The Kardashians' recent trip to Armenia brought new attention to the issue.
FDA issued guidance in March on changes to a product's label, like color or a logo. Tobacco companies argue that those guidelines go too far and are too vague.
More than 44 million Americans are taking part in a medical ritual: visiting the doctor for an annual physical exam. But there's little evidence that those visits actually do any good for healthy adults.
In trying to conjure up inspiration, most of us end up suppressing it, says neuroscientists John Kounios and Mark Beeman. "The Eureka Factor" explores the influences at work behind that much sought-after "Aha!" moment.
A 14-year-old boy is charged with inciting another person to commit an act of terrorism overseas. He is accused of encouraging an attack on an Australian parade honoring the war dead.
CNN's Atika Shubert explains how ISIS functions as a state. A new frog has a resemblance to "Not Easy Being Green" Muppet Kermit the Frog.
Netflix has renewed "Daredevil" for a second season. The show stars Charlie Cox as the superhero Daredevil. It's just one of four Marvel series coming to Netflix.
YouTube is celebrating 10 years since the first 19-second video was uploaded. In 2015, YouTube is striving to improve the quality of its content. YouTube has 300 hours of video uploads per minute.
The #KylieJennerChallenge trend involves sucking on a jar to look like Kylie Jenner. A surgeon says it's dangerous and scarring is possible. The "belfie" involves posting selfies of your butt on social media.
Fox is developing a two-hour remake of "The Rocky Horror Picture Show" The project will be directed, executive-produced and choreographed by Kenneth Ortega. The special will be filmed in advance and not air live, but few details beyond that are known.
102-year-old Alice Barker was a dancer in New York clubs in the 1930s and 1940s. There were motion pictures, but she had never seen any of them. Jazz-on-film.com put together a video of "soundies" and showed them to Barker.
Protesters rally at Baltimore City Hall on Thursday. Another protest is planned for Saturday. Protesters want to know exactly what happened in the custody of Freddie Gray.
Co-stars Chris Evans and Jeremy Renner apologized for comments they made. Evans: "We answered in a very juvenile and offensive way that rightfully angered some fans"
Common has joined the cast of "Suicide Squad" Warners had no comment on the deal. The movie is in production in Toronto. Common won an Oscar for best original song for "Selma"
Nepal has made some of the most remarkable progress on maternal and child health in the last few years. Save the Children has set up a fund to help address the immediate needs of children.
Buffalo escaped from a farm in Schodack, New York, on Thursday. The animals led police on a chase through upstate New York. "There was no choice; the animals had to be destroyed," police say.
Benjamin McNamee, Aaron Golson and Darryl Cearnel are convicted of manslaughter and hazing. Robert Champion, 26, died in November 2011 after a band hazing ritual in which he was beaten.
"Sopranos" creator David Chase explains the tension of the show's final scene. He didn't reveal whether Tony Soprano lives or dies.
Robert Bates, a former reserve deputy, fatally shot Eric Harris on April 2. Bates has said he meant to stun Harris with a Taser but mistakenly shot him with a gun. An internal sheriff's office inquiry from 2009 found that training policies were violated.
Geoffrey Lewis played a Prohibition-era gangster in "Dillinger" Lewis was the father of Oscar-nominated actress Juliette Lewis. Lewis was a co-founder of the spoken-word performance group Celestial Navigations.
Richard Corliss was Time magazine's film critic for more than 30 years. He compiled an all-time list of the magazine's top 100 movies.
The pilot was stopped during security checks as the flight prepared to depart on Saturday night. He was arrested on suspicion of possession of an offensive weapon in a public place and possession of a knife blade / sharp pointed article in a public place.
Anthony Doerr's "All the Light We Cannot See" wins Pulitzer for fiction. Stephen Adly Guirgis' "Between Riverside and Crazy" wins for drama. Elizabeth Kolbert's "The Sixth Extinction: An Unnatural History" wins general nonfiction.
People on the U.S. no-fly list will be given the opportunity to dispute their status. The ACLU says the new policy "falls far short of constitutional requirements" People on the list are prohibited from boarding commercial flights.
Budae-jjigae dates back to the Korean War when local cooks had to get inventive with U.S. Army rations. "It's, in fact, a classic example of necessity being the mother of deliciousness," Bourdain says.
John MacIntosh: I am horrified by the story of Lot in Genesis. Lot is the central character in the story of Sodom and Gomorrah's demise.
TSA: Full employee screening would not "appreciably increase the overall system-wide protection" Only two major U.S. airports require employees to be screened through metal detectors.
New Jersey police dash cam video shows dramatic rescue. Dawn Milosky, 45, is charged with driving while intoxicated, reckless driving and with failure to stay in her lane.
Vijay Chokal-Ingam says he posed as a black man to get into medical school. He says the experience opened his eyes to what he calls the hypocrisy of affirmative action.
Mark Goodacre answers viewer questions about Mary Magdalene on CNN's "Finding Jesus" Goodacre: The Gospel of Mary Magdalene is not actually called "The Gospel of Mary Magdalene"
In rural China, hiring exotic dancers to perform at wakes is an increasingly common practice. RDJ grew increasingly agitated as a Channel 4 interviewer from the UK asked about his private life.
A "Big Hero 6" fabric didn't include the female characters Honey Lemon and GoGo. Melissa Atkins Wardy, author of "Redefining Girly," shared the story on her blog. Springs Creative said boys don't want girl characters on their things. Wardy encouraged people to give Springs Creative a piece of their mind.
This week is the 100th anniversary of the Armenian genocide. It's also the seventh year in a row President Obama has broken his promise to use the word "genocide" to describe the atrocity.
Many people are still too scared to go back inside any buildings hours after the quake struck. Aftershocks are continuing to rock the mountainous Asian nation.
Jim Nussle: America needs a leader who believes in a common set of fundamental values. Nussle: Great leaders are not primarily guided by polls, political parties, focus groups.
Two of TV's best actresses return on "The Big Bang Theory" Scarlett Johannsson hosts "Saturday Night Live" Allison Janney continues to deliver Emmy-worthy performances on "Mom"
Joel Burger and Ashley King got engaged in October. They posed for a photo with a Burger King restaurant sign. Burger King heard about their story and tweeted for help.
John Sutter: We're 2 degrees from a different world. Sutter: The 2-degree threshold carries huge importance as a way to focus the world's attention. Sutter: Vote on the first story I'll report for the series.
Jon "Bones" Jones is wanted for questioning in a hit-and-run accident. A pregnant woman in her 20s who was driving another vehicle suffered minor injuries.
St. Louis police have charged Ronald Williams, 21, with assault. A 15-year-old has also been arrested. The beating occurred on a MetroLink light rail train.
Nine of ten on death row in Indonesia have been given 72 hours notice ahead of their execution. The ten include two Australians, members of the so-called "Bali Nine" smuggling ring.
Severe weather hits sailboat regatta in Mobile Bay, Alabama. More than 100 sailboats took part in the Dauphin Island Race. Coast Guard says as many as 50 people were rescued from the water.
Betty Whitehead Willis designed the iconic "Welcome to Fabulous Las Vegas" sign. She also designed the Moulin Rouge Hotel and Blue Angel Motel. Willis never trademarked her most-famous work, calling it "my gift to the city"
Dr. Kristen Lindsey allegedly shot an arrow into the back of an orange tabby's head. She posted a photo on Facebook of herself smiling, as she dangled its limp body by the arrow's shaft. The clinic fired Lindsey and covered her name on its marquee with duct tape.
Floyd Mayweather's fight with Manny Pacquiao will take place on May 2. Tickets will go on sale after an agreement on allocation was reached. Kenny Bayless will referee the bout at the MGM Grand in Las Vegas.
China's Ministry of Culture has announced a crackdown on funeral stripteases. It says the performances undermined the cultural value of the entertainment business. Photos show mourners of all ages, including children, watching the performance.
A new CNN/ORC poll finds 57% feel businesses should be required to serve gay or lesbian couples just as they would heterosexual couples. That's a shift from a Pew Research Center poll conducted last fall, which found just 49% thought businesses ought to be required to serve same-sex couples.
A migrant boat carrying 550 people capsized off the coast of Libya, survivors say. The Italian coast guard says it has not found evidence of a capsized boat.
On July 20, 2012, a gunman opened fire on a crowded movie theater in Aurora, Colorado. Twelve people were killed and 70 were injured. James Holmes is charged with 165 counts, including murder and attempted murder.
For 25 years, Ali Addeh refugee camp has been a holding point for those fleeing into Djibouti. For those willing to pay, there's another route to a new life.
The woman is seen pulling her son away from a crowd, smacking him in the head repeatedly. As he tries to walk away, she follows him, screaming, "Get the f--- over here!"
CNN's Jim Boulden was in Kathmandu when the earthquake hit. He says there's no way to get out of the city. There are structural damage to buildings.
Lil Wayne's tour buses were shot multiple times, Atlanta police say. No one was injured, and police are still looking for suspects. Lil Wayne was in Atlanta for a performance Saturday night.
"We are asking you to punish Jahar by imprisoning him for the rest of his life," defense attorney says. "No punishment could ever be equal to the terrible effects of this crime," David Bruck says.
Kathmandu, the capital of Nepal, was hit by a powerful earthquake on Saturday. The death toll is now past 3,000, with many rural areas still to be surveyed. People are desperate to make it out to the outlying areas, and discover their fate.
Reverend: "It's disrespect to the family. The family was very clear -- we've been saying it all along -- today there was absolutely no protest, no demonstration" "I wish I had more parents that took charge of their kids out there tonight," police commissioner says.
"There are no words to do justice to the disappointment and heartbreak we are going through," wife says. Gunmen abducted Warren Weinstein in 2011 from his home in Lahore, his family says. Al Qaeda leader Ayman al-Zawahiri released a recording claiming the terror group was holding Weinstein.
"Enough was enough," Irwin Horwitz tells CNN affiliate KPRC. University official says department head will take over teaching class. Student: "I get an email saying I am going to get an F in the class, and just kind of -- it was overwhelming"
Gloria Borger: It's hard to soft-launch a campaign with a superstar politician. Hillary Clinton is trying to escape the inescapable reality that even her "Scooby-Doo" van is followed by throngs of press.
The Nepali Pranksters were filming a hidden camera prank when the earthquake hit. They kept the camera rolling as they moved through the streets, surveying destruction.
Within hours of the quake, India began planning a massive aid mission. Some 3,862 people are known to have died so far. India's Prime Minister Narendra Modi has made a special effort over Nepal.
Arthur Baldwin, 29, was arrested at a woman's residence in Southeast Washington. He has been placed on administrative leave and his security clearance has been suspended.
South Korea's Prime Minister Lee Wan-koo offers to resign amid a growing political scandal. Lee will stay in his official role until South Korean President Park Geun-hye accepts his resignation.
"We were sitting here in base camp, feeling the situation was getting better," climber says. "Practically, it's impossible to get them off with helicopters," climber says.
Four-month-old Sonit Awal was buried in the rubble of his home on Saturday, April 25. His father called the army, who spent 22 hours searching for him. Sonit was finally rescued Sunday morning, uninjured.
Nigerian troops rescue 200 girls and 93 women in the Sambisa Forest, military says. Troops also capture three terrorist camps in the forest, military says.
Malala Yousafzai was shot in 2012 for supporting girls' right to an education. The 10 were arrested in Swat, a district of Pakistan's Khyber Pakhtunkhwa province.
Ravi Opi is only 30 kilometers (20 miles) east of Kathmandu but the journey takes almost two hours. Compared to the capital, and the regions west of Kathmandu, the people here were relatively lucky.
Andrew Chan and Myuran Sukumaran are set to be executed by firing squad. Their deaths will result in short to medium term frictions between Canberra and Jakarta. But anger with its government will take much longer to subside, says Sally Kohn.
Sen. Bernie Sanders of Vermont could make an announcement within days. Vice President Joe Biden is keeping a low profile in the 2016 race. Ohio Gov. John Kasich thinks waiting is best for him.
Australians appalled by executions of two convicted drug smugglers. Andrew Chan and Myuran Sukumaran were put to death by firing squad last week. Australian Peter Wilson says executions are "cold-blooded, unnecessary and highly political"
Baltimore police turn over files on Freddie Gray's death to prosecutors. No charges will be made public, police commissioner says. The public shouldn't expect an end to the saga, mayor says.
Robert Downey Jr. walked out of an interview with a British journalist who dared to veer away from the superhero movie he was there to promote. Sally Kohn: Must every interview be a license for a journalist to ask anything he'd like?
German police arrest a man and a woman on suspicion of planning a Boston-style attack. The couple had ties to radical Islamist circles in the Frankfurt area, a German journalist says. Police recovered a pipe bomb ready to be used, 100 rounds of 9mm ammunition, a gun, prosecutors say.
Japanese Prime Minister Shinzo Abe is to address Congress Wednesday. Julian Zelizer: Abe has a lot riding on the Trans-Pacific Partnership Free Trade Agreement.
Les Moonves' waiter offered to help make the Floyd Mayweather-Manny Pacquiao fight happen. Gabriel Salvador is an actor who has appeared in "Bones" and "Blue Bloods"
Kim Bok-dong is determined to share her story with anyone who will listen, until she's no longer physically able. Kim was a 14-year-old girl when the Japanese came to her village in Korea. She says they told her she had no choice but to leave her home and family to support the war effort.
"We never imagined this would happen to us," says elder of two brothers who lost parents. "This is not the time to rest and lament," says Nepal army Lt. Col. Ashutosh Thapa.
A joint effort between Indian air crew and a Nepalese army medical team is only the third operation of its kind to reach the village of Melamchi. The aircraft is stuffed to capacity with tents, medicines and packages of tinned tuna, instant noodles and rice. Local official Upendra Tamang says people have been desperately awaiting the supplies.
"I'm not comfortable with it," Fulton County Superior Court Judge Jerry Baxter says. He reduces three sentences in Atlanta Public Schools cheating scandal to three years. "I'm going to put myself out to pasture," judge says.
Report: About a dozen Native American actors walked off the set of Adam Sandler movie. The walkout occurred on the set of "The Ridiculous Six" near Las Vegas, New Mexico.
Anti-immigrant violence has swept South Africa in recent days, leaving several dead. CNN spoke to immigrants living and working in South Africa about the crisis.
The Indianapolis police force is changing the color of its uniform shirts. The change is being made as part of the department's effort to be more transparent.
Olivia Munn has been cast in "X-Men: Apocalypse" The "Newsroom" actress will play Betsy Braddock. "Apocalypse" is currently in production for a summer 2016 release.
Photographer Laurence Rasti spent four years capturing the lives of gay and lesbian refugees in Turkey. Homosexuality is illegal in Iran and can lead to death if caught.
Jeremy Renner appeared on "The Tonight Show Starring Jimmy Fallon" He showed off his singing talents. Renner has proved he's more than a one-hit wonder.
ISIS fighters in Afghanistan show CNN their flag in a valley near Kabul. They say they established contacts with ISIS through a friend who is in Helmand. U.S. officials CNN has spoken to have voiced their concern about the potential for an ISIS presence.
Marilyn Mosby is Baltimore's first female state's attorney. She is now deciding whether to file charges in the death of Freddie Gray.
Jared Leto portrays the Joker in the upcoming movie "Suicide Squad" Twitter users got their first look at Leto on Friday night. The memes are all over the place.
Jay Z takes to Twitter to defend his music streaming service. He's been criticized for Tidal's performance. A parody account offers facts about the service.
Technology has played a huge role in helping families find loved ones. The death toll in Nepal is rising; it has now surpassed more than 5,000.
Marion "Suge" Knight pleads not guilty to murder, other charges. He is accused of running over Terry Carter, 55, with his truck in a burger restaurant parking lot.
Famed cosmologist Stephen Hawking teams up with Monty Python for a musical collaboration. The song, "Galaxy Song," is from 1983 film "The Meaning of Life" Hawking's version is available for download.
Iran's elite Revolutionary Guard's Quds Force, led by General Qassem Suleimani, is advising and supporting Iraqi Shia militias in fight against ISIS. U.S., which is leading the air campaign against ISIS in Iraq, has denied any direct coordination with Iran. Iranians believe air strikes against ISIS are not effective, and feel that the U.S. and its allies are not trying seriously enough to defeat the group.
"Fifty Shades of Grey" sequel set for 2017 release. Niall Leonard will write the script. Sam Taylor-Johnson isn't returning to direct.
70% of those laying down their hard earned cash are convinced the world is on the verge of welcoming a new princess. In an institution viewed as some archaic and out of touch, it is imperative to have a strong female presence. The birth of any baby is cause for celebration regardless of gender, race, religion or indeed status.
Sandra Bullock is People magazine's World's Most Beautiful Woman 2015. The 50-year-old actress calls the honor "ridiculous" She's the oldest woman to receive the honor in the magazine's history.
As the world awaits the impending birth of William and Kate's second baby, potential names have become the topic of rampant speculation. Alexandra Alexandra is a former journalist and royal insider.
Thompson had two sons with Jenner during their five-year marriage. She says she would have taken his confidences to her grave had he not spoken out.
David Gergen: Sen. Bernie Sanders is running for president, but few people know him. Gergen: He's not a Democrat, but he's a voice who speaks without fear.
Julian Zelizer: It's time for liberals to look local. He says there's more political space to move forward with liberal initiatives.
A U.S. special operations team rescues 30 people, including three Americans. Rescuer: Pemba Tamang showed no apparent signs of serious injury.
French photographer Fabien Le Coq's photo series "Treesome" features spindly branches. Le Coq says his photographs are meant to bring about pause and reflection.
Dzhokhar Tsarnaev's defense team is seeking to spare him from a death sentence. The sentencing phase of the federal case will resume Monday.
Mui Thomas suffers from a rare genetic condition that leaves the skin on her face and body red raw and open to infection. The 22-year-old is embarking on a career as public speaker -- educating and inspiring others about the challenges of looking "visibly different"
The Tony Award nominations were announced Tuesday morning. Past Tony winner Mary-Louise Parker unveiled the nominees with Bruce Willis. Kristin Chenoweth and Alan Cumming will host the ceremony.
"We will certainly not cooperate," says Libyan army head Gen. Khalifa Haftar. EU leaders are considering a plan that would involve military action against people smugglers.
Juarez, Mexico, was once known as the murder capital of the world. Back in 2010, at the height of cartel violence, the city averaged 8.5 killings per day. But five years later, local officials say the city is much safer.
Japan's new Prime Minister Shinzo Abe made his first state visit to the U.S. Congress this week. His comments on Japan's wartime history have been met with criticism by China and South Korea.
The town of Damasak had recently been freed from the Boko Haram terror group. A provincial government committee was visiting the area to assess the level of destruction.
Israel says it conducted airstrikes in the occupied Golan Heights against militants. The military says the men were trying to plant a bomb on the Israeli border. Three of the alleged attackers were killed, Israeli media reports.
Domestic terror threats range from white supremacists to eco-terrorists to radical separatist groups. The FBI investigates and tries to catch those responsible for domestic terror acts.
The move could mean a definitive end to the accusations. The case became of high interest globally after the original prosecutor who brought the allegations was found dead in January.
April 27 is celebrated as Freedom Day in South Africa. The day commemorates the country's first democratic elections in 1994. People across the country and beyond took to Twitter to celebrate this year's event.
A powerful earthquake shook Nepal's capital on Saturday, causing buildings to shake. The death toll from the quake and ensuing manhunt continues to rise.
13,000 personnel from 14 countries operating more than 50 ships and submarines as well as 70 aircraft. NATO says the planning started long before Russia began behaving as an adversary.
Anamarie Shreeves doesn't use plastic packaging, new clothing, metal cans or cars. The small amount of waste she does create goes straight into a 32-ounce mason jar. Shreeves composts, makes her own shampoo, toothpaste and even uses reusable products.
A Doberman in Massachusetts ate three watch heads and some leather straps. A veterinarian removed about a pound of leather straps and metal pieces from her belly.
NASA cancels a planned docking with the International Space Station. Russian space agency says it will re-enter the Earth's atmosphere in about a week.
Donna Brazile: As a child, I saw images of youths being hosed down by police in civil rights protests. Brazile: Those who participate in riots often feel hopeless and dehumanized.
Kate Parker's series "Strong is the New Pretty" focuses on girls ages 6 to 9. The Atlanta-based photographer wanted to show girls as they really are. "I want them to keep that sense of 'I'm so awesome,'" Parker said.
"Secret Garden" and "The Mindfulness Colouring Book" are top sellers on Amazon this month. Adult coloring books are a growing trend in the U.S.
Heavy drinking among Americans rose 17.2 percent between 2005 and 2012. The rate of binge drinking among women increased more than seven times the rate among men.
Barr says she suffers from macular degeneration and glaucoma. She says smoking marijuana is "good medicine" Doctors have not given her a timeline on when she can expect to lose all visibility.
Hawaii is poised to become the first state in the nation to prohibit the sale of cigarettes to anybody under age 21. Dozens of cities and towns, including New York, have already raised the minimum legal age for tobacco purchases to 21.
Jean Nidetch was an "overweight housewife obsessed with cookies" when she started Weight Watchers. She lost 72 pounds and inspired millions more to shed pounds.
Roseanne Barr has both macular degeneration and glaucoma. There is no cure for either disease, but there are simple things you can do to ward off these diseases.
Golfers have long underestimated athleticism necessary for golf. There's a particular emphasis on functional movement required to execute the perfect swing. Yoga is increasingly appealing to golfers.
142 people have tested positive for HIV in rural Scott and Jackson counties, Indiana. The "severe outbreak" has been ongoing since mid-December.
Singapore high school students compete in the Asian Schools Math Olympiad. They had a puzzle to solve: What is Cheryl's birthday? The Internet has offered solutions.
Mary Doyle Keefe was the model for Norman Rockwell's "Rosie the Riveter" The 92-year-old died at her home in Simsbury, Connecticut.
acetaminophen, the main ingredient in Tylenol, reduces not only pain but pleasure, as well. "Rather than just being a pain reliever, acetaminophen can be seen as an all-purpose emotion reliever"
17-year-old has completed treatment for Hodgkin's lymphoma. She ran away in an effort to discontinue chemo, claiming she did not want to be treated.
Supreme Court will hear arguments on same-sex marriage Tuesday. Chief Justice John Roberts has a solid conservative record. But he dissented in a major defense of the Defense of Marriage Act.
The CDC considers the likelihood of bird to human transmission of the virus "low" 16 states have seen bird flu turn up in commercial poultry, backyard chickens, and in flocks of wild and captive birds.
The worst architectural losses have included the majestic Shiva temple pagoda and its twin, the Narayan temple pagoda. There has been no news yet on damage caused to other famous places of Hindu and Buddhist worship, including the Swayambhunath temple.
A visitor to Crater of Diamonds State Park in Arkansas finds a 3.69-carat diamond. The park is the only public diamond field in the world where anyone can dig for diamonds and keep them.
Geophysicists have long monitored how fast the Earth's plates are moving. Saturday's quake was neither unusual nor unexpected, although it was larger than most.
Ben Powers played Keith Anderson on the final season of "Good Times" Powers also had a regular role as "Moochie" on "Mickey Spillane's Mike Hammer" He also had a small part in "Cheech & Chong's Next Movie"
Gorkha, a district northwest of Kathmandu, is one of the biggest challenges rescue workers are facing in Nepal. The hospital campus is overflowing with patients.
Photographer Ken Hermann visited Malik Ghat, a wholesale flower market in Kolkata, India. Hermann spent 10 days at the market taking portraits of flower sellers.
A Texas A&M professor threatens to fail his entire strategic management class. Irwin Horwitz accuses students of "backstabbing, game playing, cheating, lying, fighting" "I will stand by what I did, but I'm not career suicidal," he says.
A growing number of Japanese businesses are testing out robots as a possible solution to the country's shrinking workforce. Aiko Chihira is an android manufactured by Toshiba, designed to look and move like a real person.
Lewis Hamilton wins Chinese Grand Prix. Mercedes teammate Nico Rosberg finishes second. Rosberg unhappy with pace of Hamilton. Sebastian Vettel claims third place.
Richard Dysart won a Drama Desk award for his role in "That Championship Season" He was best known for his role as law firm leader Leland McKenzie on "L.A. Law"
A friend of Joni Mitchell has filed a petition to be named the singer-songwriter's conservator. Mitchell was taken to the hospital a month ago after being found unconscious in her home.
Randazza: Obama's efforts to make the world a better place can be accounted for in growing numbers of victims of radical Islam. Neither the United States nor our Western allies are immune to this cancer, he says.
Bruce Jenner's new E! series is set to premiere July 26. The series will offer a closer look at his relationship with his ex-wife. Jenner is already being hailed for bringing attention to the transgender community.
North Korea's leader Kim Jong Un has canceled a visit to Moscow. Frida Ghitis: It's possible Kim may not be feeling completely secure in his position.
Sally Kohn: Corinthian Colleges' decision to shut down 28 campuses is good news. Kohn: For-profit colleges prey on low-income students, saddle them with debt.
LZ Granderson: Some blame President Obama for racial tension in America. He says we need to find out why this old problem continues to haunt us.
Freddie Gray was arrested on April 12 without incident, according to police. Less than an hour later, officers transporting him called for a medic. He subsequently slipped into a coma, dying a week after his initial arrest.
Venezuelan native Maickel Melamed, who is battling muscular dystrophy, completed the 26.2 miles just before 5 a.m. Tuesday. He was the last participant to complete the race, CNN affiliate WCVB-TV reported.
Volvo will begin exporting vehicles made in a factory in southwest China to the United States next month. Parent company Geely Automobile is seeking to prove that a Chinese company can manage a global auto brand. China surpassed the U.S. as the largest market for car sales globally in 2009, and most major automakers build cars in China.
Christopher Scarver was sentenced to two life terms in prison for killing Dahmer in 1994. He tells the New York Post that Dahmer made jokes about his morbid past.
North Korean leader Kim Jong Un had been expected to visit Moscow in May. It would have been his first official foreign trip since taking over North Korea in 2011.
Google continues to market a smartphone application that lets lawbreakers pinpoint the location of police officers in the field. Google's executives won't even discuss the subject with organizations representing law enforcement.
Errol Louis: New book will raise questions about Clinton Foundation's dealings with foreign governments. He says questions likely to be raised about Hillary Clinton's use of private emails as secretary of state.
China overtook the U.S. as the world's largest car market in 2009. But sales of electric and hybrid vehicles still lag behind the U.S. Some affluent city dwellers are spurning cars.
Baltimore police say rioting started amid rumors of a "purge" The term appears to be a reference to 2013's "The Purge" and its sequel, last year's "The Purge: Anarchy"
Tanka Maya Sitoula spent 36 hours trapped in the rubble of her Kathmandu home. Her husband says he could hear her shouting from the rubble.
A CNN analysis shows 30,621 claims of missing valuables, mostly in checked luggage. John F. Kennedy International Airport in New York topped the list of airports with the most claims. Miami is the only major airport in the country that requires employees to be screened through metal detectors.
John Sutter: C-SPAN's White House Correspondents' Dinner was funny, but not as good as Strong's. He says Obama's "anger translator" was a clever surprise. Sutter: Dinner was a frustratingly difficult Beltway game of spot-the-face-in-the-crowd.
Lifetime has greenlit a "Full House" telepic. It'll look at the rise of the cast. Casting will begin immediately.
The explosion produced an extensive plume, but it was also described as smaller than the eruptions on April 22 and April 23. The seismic event is sure to add to the volume of ash already spewed since the first eruption.
"Furious 7" is the seventh installment in the "Fast and Furious" franchise. The film stars Paul Walker, who died in a car accident in 2013.
"Avengers: Age of Ultron" picks up where "Captain America: Winter Soldier" left off. But at least two of the big action scenes are lackluster.
A 14-year-old girl is returned to Mexico after DNA tests showed she's not related to a woman who claimed the teenager was her daughter. Mexican federal police seized Alondra Luna Nuez on Friday in the colonial city of Guanajuato.
Michelle Keegan is best known for her roles on "Ordinary Lies" and "Coronation Street" She's followed by Kendall Jenner, Jennifer Lawrence, Kate Upton and Caroline Flack.
Lois Lilienstein was a co-star of "Sharon, Lois & Bram's Elephant Show" The show ran on CBC in Canada from 1984 to 1989.
Andrew Lesnie won an Oscar for his work on "Lord of the Rings" Lesnie also worked with director Peter Jackson on "King Kong" and "The Lovely Bones" He recently polished off "The Water Diviner," Russell Crowe's directorial debut.
The baby is named Silas Randall Timberlake. It is the first child for both Justin Timberlake and Jessica Biel. The couple announced the pregnancy in January.
Johnny Kemp is believed to have drowned at a beach in Montego Bay. "Just Got Paid" was a No. 1 hit on the U.S. Billboard R&B chart.
Koch Industries will "ban the box" from its job applications. These hiring practices open up work opportunities for people with convictions, says Van Jones.
Ruth Bader Ginsburg: The institution of marriage has already changed from a dominant and a subordinate relationship. She says that argument is either willfully ignorant or woefully nave.
On Kabul's streets, you can easily find the uneasy legacy of America's longest war. Its population is five times what it was when NATO arrived here, even by the most conservative estimates. The skill they once thrived off has left them isolated, and fearing reprisals.
Andy Murray marries long-term girlfriend Kim Sears in Dunblane, Scotland. The wedding is dubbed "the royal wedding of Scotland" Crowds spill onto the streets to support their home-grown talent.
Photographer Simon Brann Thorpe spent five weeks in the desert capturing "Toy Soldiers" The soldiers are with the Polisario Front, an independence movement clashing with Morocco.
"When a Man Loves a Woman" was Sledge's biggest hit. He had been in hospice care for cancer, a coroner says.
Southwest Airlines offered the most award tickets and the highest percentage of award seats. JetBlue offered the fewest award tickets and the lowest customer satisfaction score. Nearly 10% of passengers on the five biggest U.S. airlines flew on domestic award tickets.
Gulnaz was 16 when she was raped by her cousin's husband. She was jailed for adultery as her attacker was married. Gulnaz's plight disappeared from the world's gaze once she was pardoned.
Attorney for Gray's family alleges that police are involved in a cover-up. Video shows Gray with his hands behind his back, screaming as police raise him to his feet.
Etan Patz disappeared more than three decades ago on his way to a bus stop in New York. A man confessed to the crime, but his lawyers say he made up his account of the crime.
A quadruple rainbow was spotted over New York City on Tuesday. The phenomenon was caused by heavy rain in the area. A CNN weather producer says it's a double rainbow.
Japan's space agency plans to send a probe to the moon by 2018. The move could be seen as Japan's attempt to play catchup to its Asian neighbors China and India, which have both notched significant extraterrestrial victories in recent years.
Toya Graham tells CNN's "Anderson Cooper 360" she wasn't concerned about embarrassing her son. Graham says she saw her son with a brick in his hand, and she lost control of her emotions.
The fighting took place in the eastern city of Agri, the military says. CNN Turk: Kurdish separatists opened fire from a long distance, targeting Turkish soldiers.
The USS Independence was scuttled in January 1951 during weapons testing. Federal researchers surveyed the wreck with an underwater drone last month. The 11,000-ton aircraft carrier played a role in some of the most important events of World War II.
Survivor: Many on lower levels of the boat were trapped behind locked doors. At least 24 bodies have been recovered, the Italian Coast Guard says. Malta's Prime Minister slams human traffickers who put people on rickety ships.
Creflo Dollar addresses critics of his campaign to buy a new airplane. In a YouTube video, Dollar says the devil is trying to discredit him.
This weekend, Floyd Mayweather and Manny Pacquiao will go toe-to-toe in the ring. Michael Kimmel: The fight won't save boxing, but it might be the last relevant fight for a long time.
A bus collided with a fuel tanker in southern Morocco. The accident caused a fire that hollowed out the bus, leaving little more than its frame.
Marleni Olivo, 54, throws a mango at Venezuelan President Nicolas Maduro. Video shows Maduro lowering his head when he is hit, just above the left ear.
Loretta Lynch was sworn in Monday as U.S. attorney general. Errol Louis: As attorney general, she has power to crack down on police abuse.
Ben Affleck lobbied producers of a PBS show to remove any reference to his slave-owning ancestor. David Bianculli: PBS has launched an internal review to determine if the show violated its own editorial standards.
Azlin Alias worked on the prime minister's staff. Jamaluddin Jarjis was "a person of high caliber," Prime Minister says.
President Barack Obama: "No challenge poses more of a public threat than climate change" Obama did not appear particularly concerned about the Supreme Court challenge to the Affordable Care Act.
An Indonesian court has rejected a bid by two Australian drug smugglers to challenge their planned executions. Andrew Chan and Myuran Sukumaran are awaiting death by firing squad for their role in a failed 2005 heroin smuggling plot. Lawyers for the pair had argued that President Joko Widodo had failed to individually consider their cases.
Nick Loeb explains his rationale for fighting to keep the two female embryos he shares with the actress. " Shouldn't a man who is willing to take on all parental responsibilities be similarly entitled to bring his embryos to term even if the woman objects?" he writes.
Six survivors of the Paris kosher supermarket siege are suing BFMTV. They say the French media outlet endangered their lives by broadcasting their location live.
There is a long history of rogue regimes seizing hostages against the backdrop of diplomacy. The scale of Iran's current hostage-taking may pale in comparison with Iranian behavior of decades past.
The band The Slants sought to protect its name, which is considered offensive to Asians. Danny Cevallos: This is largely a sign of the times.
The Italian navy retakes control of a fishing boat that had been seized by gunmen. Rifle shots were accidentally fired, the Italian Navy says. The boat, named Airone, was intercepted some 56 miles from the Libyan port of Misrata.
"This is not a random situation. It is an isolated situation," sheriff's official says. Suspect identified as 20-year-old Kenneth Morgan Stancil III.
Smugglers offer discounts to get migrants onto overcrowded ships, a CNN investigation has revealed. An estimated 1,600 migrants have died so far this year trying to reach Europe.
Underneath the park's attractions is enough hot rock to fill the Grand Canyon nearly 14 times over. Most of it is in a newly discovered magma reservoir.
John Stamos announces "Fuller House" reunion on "Jimmy Kimmel Live" Candace Cameron Bure tweets she's ready to resume onscreen friendship.
Matyas Gutai's water house is a sustainable design based on water. The house can be heated and cooled by the water inside the panels. It can also be heated and cooled using a monitoring system.
The U.S. is sending warships to Yemen to monitor Iranian ships that could be trafficking arms to Houthi rebels. The move is also meant to reassure allies in the region.
Aden is a city gripped by fear, desperation and want. Since March 26, Saudi Arabia has launched more than 1,200 airstrikes. Saudi officials say they have killed more than 500 Houthi rebels.
54-year-old Jerome R. Hunt is in custody and charges are pending, the Secret Service says. The man made it 10 to 15 feet in on the South Lawn, a source tells CNN.
Flight 448, which had been bound for Los Angeles, returned to Seattle. The plane was only in the air for 14 minutes, Alaska Airlines says.
Baltimore mayor says closed-door game means "another sad day in our city" Wednesday's game will be televised on the MASN regional cable network.
Wisconsin beats Kentucky 71-64 in the first game of the night. Duke routs Michigan State 81-61 in the night's other game. The championship game will be played Monday night.
The U.S. Supreme Court will hear arguments on same-sex marriage on Tuesday. Judge Jeffrey Sutton penned the only recent appellate court decision to uphold state bans on same-sex marriage. Critics call the opinion an outlier and don't believe it will carry much weight.
New Belgium and Ben & Jerry's are teaming up on a salted brownie caramel ice cream beer. The companies will announce details later this year. The beer is set to hit shelves in the fall.
Mercury is getting some attention because it's about to get a visitor. The NASA spacecraft MESSENGER is about to crash onto the planet. The probe was launched in 2004 and traveled more than six and a half years.
U.S. drone strikes kill six suspected militants in southern Yemen, officials say. Houthi rebels call for peace talks, but only after a "complete halt of attacks," a spokesman says. Saudi Arabia announced the end of a nearly monthlong air campaign Tuesday.
This is not the first time xenophobic violence has exploded in South Africa. The violence started after Zulu King Goodwill Zwelithini said foreigners "should pack their bags and go"
ISIS beheadings have grabbed international headlines and galvanized opposition to the group. But some experts suggest they may be having an unlikely knock-on effect. They say the spate of jihadist beheadings may be encouraging copy-cat acts or threats of decapitation.
Whitney Houston's daughter has "global and irreversible brain damage," grandmother says. Source: Bobbi Kristina Brown remains in same neurological state she has been in for nearly three months.
Opening statements in the trial of James Holmes are scheduled to begin Monday. Holmes admits to the shootings but says he was suffering "a psychotic episode" Prosecutors aren't swayed and will seek the death penalty.
An Afghan police chief says an Afghan National Army soldier shot at U.S. soldiers. A senior U.S. official had just held a meeting at the compound, a U.S. Embassy representative says.
A white police officer in North Charleston, South Carolina, was charged with murder for shooting an unarmed black man in the back. Van Jones: The video of Scott's killing and the cover-up of the crime by the officer made the difference.
More than 10,000 people have arrived in Sicily from Libya since last weekend alone. The number of arrivals increased after Moammar Gadhafi was overthrown. Italy has been sanctioned by the European Union for not fingerprinting new arrivals.
Seven people have been killed in the latest round of xenophobic violence against immigrants. Local media alleged that the attacks were a consequence of Zulu King Goodwill Zwelithini's comments. Police announced they've now arrested all four suspects -- the last caught overnight Tuesday.
Freddie Gray, 25, died after he was arrested and transported in a police van. David Frakt: The case raises at least three legal issues.
Kenya's Interior Ministry says Mohamed Mohamud is behind the university attack. Al-Shabaab, an al Qaeda-linked militant group based in Somalia, took responsibility for the attack.
Iran's President Hassan Rouhani has praised the military as peacemakers for the Middle East. But Iran's leadership is showing no sign of toning down its own fiery rhetoric.
"Of course it's not the right word, to call our children 'thugs,'" Baltimore City Councilman says. "Just call them n-----s. Just call them n-----s," Rev. Jamal Bryant says.
Dean Obeidallah: It should have been expected that Dr. Oz would keep standing in the face of charges from colleagues. But he's increasingly serving himself at a cost to Columbia University and New York Presbyterian Hospital, he says.
Zaki-ur-Rehman Lakhvi is a top leader of the terrorist group Lashkar-e-Taiba. He was released early Friday from a jail in the Pakistani city of Rawalpindi.
Beatriz Paez says she was recording police activity in South Gate, California. She says a deputy U.S. marshal grabbed her phone and stomped on it.
Novak Djokovic wins Monte Carlo Masters. Beats Thomas Berdych 7-5, 4-6, 6-3 in rain-interrupted final. Serbian world number one has now won 17 matches in a row.
Suzanne Crough played Tracy on "The Partridge Family" She was also in "Mulligan's Stew" and had spots on other series in the '70s.
Timothy Stanley: Nigeria's peaceful transition of power from Goodluck Jonathan to Muhammadu Buhari is the first of its kind in history. He says for too long, Nigeria's poor have been victims of their country's enormous wealth.
A draft script of the 1985 teen classic has been found in a filing cabinet. "It's a first draft of the screenplay by John Hughes," superintendent says.
Mohamed Badie, the leader of the Muslim Brotherhood, is sentenced to death by hanging. A court also sentences 36 other defendants to life in prison.
Tuesday is Equal Pay Day, the fictitious holiday marked by progressive women's groups as the point in the year women would have to work to make up for "lost" wages. Hillary Clinton's presidential election will no doubt center on women voters.
Ruth Ben-Ghiat: The death of Freddie Gray has put a strain on Major League Baseball. She says the league's decision to move the Orioles' next two games out of Baltimore is a mistake.
"Monty Python and the Holy Grail" premiered 40 years ago Thursday. The movie was a box-office hit, making $5 million -- more than 10 times its budget.
Jeff Green, then playing for the Boston Celtics, was diagnosed with an aortic aneurysm. Green's NBA basketball career wasn't over, but it was a slow progression back to the court.
Eric Liu: Incidents of police-involved killings and assaults on unarmed African-Americans are unlikely to end soon. He says we are losing the confidence of a generation of young people who no longer believe in the legitimacy of our law enforcement.
A Chinese court has convicted veteran journalist Gao Yu for revealing state secrets. Gao, 71, immediately said she would appeal. The government had accused Gao of disclosing a highly confidential document.
Gov. Andrew Cuomo said more than 160 patients have been rushed to hospitals across the state in nine days. Symptoms after use have a wide range of severity, from confusion to drowsiness and headaches.
Amy Schumer does a fake fall on the red carpet at the TIME 100 gala. She was standing in front of Kanye West and Kim Kardashian. It comes the same night her show "Inside Amy Schumer" premiered on Comedy Central.
Hillary Clinton announced her 2016 presidential bid on Sunday. Social media immediately reacted with support. Some terms like "Hillary Clinton," "#Hillary2016" and "#WhyNotVotingforHillary" were trending.
Assange has been holed up in the Ecuadorian Embassy in London since June 2012. Swedish prosecutors want to question him about 2010 allegations that he raped one woman and sexually molested another.
Wall Street Journal: Chinese nuclear experts say North Korea has 20 nuclear warheads. Peter Bergen: This is not the actual number of warheads, but the type of warhead.
A new medical technology, a microneedle patch, could be the key to eradicating polio. The microneedle patch resembles a small, round adhesive bandage. It could bring polio vaccines to the doorsteps of the people that need them.
Near-sightedness rates have doubled, tripled, in most of East Asia over the last 40 years. In South Korea, rates among 20-year-olds have leaped from 18% in 1955 to over 96% myopia in 2011. Researchers say kids and teens need to get sunlight during the critical years of their development.
Tuesday, April 14, is Equal Pay Day. Sally Kohn: Hillary Clinton should announce she will take a pay cut to close the gender wage gap.
The TSA says it launched an investigation after an anonymous tip in November. Two TSA officers have been fired, a TSA agent tells Denver police. The TSA says it has been trying to identify the passenger in the February incident.
Proposed NYPD training materials were submitted to a federal judge on Monday. The materials are a result of a 2013 federal ruling declaring the NYPD's "Stop, Question and Frisk" practice unconstitutional.
Iran's President Hassan Rouhani calls for sanctions to be removed on first day of deal's implementation. Ayatollah Ali Khamenei says he's neither in favor nor against the proposed deal. U.S. Energy Secretary: It will take six months after a final deal is signed for sanctions to be lifted.
"Just Allah knows if we will survive this," official tells CNN from inside Ramadi. Official: Security is "collapsing rapidly in the city" Ramadi has seen intense and persistent fighting for months.
U.S. citizens caught in the crossfire of warring parties in Yemen. State Department said it is too risky to conduct an evacuation of citizens from the area.
Les Abend: Postal carrier's gyrocopter incident raises questions about restricted airspace. Abend: gyrocopter looks like a sophisticated lawn chair with helicopter blades.
New research seems to support the theory that Mars could be dotted with tiny puddles of salty water at night. Experts have long thought that a particular kind of salt detected in Martian soil could pull water vapor into the soil at night and then keep it from freezing despite the extreme cold.
Vehicle sales in China totaled 23.5 million units last year, almost a third more than in the U.S. But China's auto market is facing a second year of slower growth in 2015. Intense competition for China's drivers means that car manufacturers are increasingly developing vehicles that cater to Chinese preferences.
Thailand has lifted martial law, replacing it with a controversial new security order. Critics have expressed alarm at the move, saying it marks the country's "deepening descent into dictatorship" Martial law was imposed shortly before Thailand's military seized power last May.
The final "Late Show with David Letterman" will air May 20. Oprah Winfrey, George Clooney, Jerry Seinfeld and Howard Stern will be on hand.
A massive brawl was caught on video Friday night at a Queens, New York, casino. The cell phone video shows a number of men throwing punches and even chairs into crowds of people.
East Baltimore community center burned to ground in riots after Freddie Gray's funeral. $16 million project was to include about 60 senior citizen apartments and a community center.
Saudi Arabia began airstrikes in Yemen late last month. Peter Bergen: U.S. decision to stand behind the Saudi attack on Yemen can best be described as misguided.
"Our life is a journey of migration," Imam Mohammed El Sadi says. About 350 migrants are being held in a prison just outside Tripoli. One-third of them are from Eritrea on the east coast of Africa.
Helicopters bring stranded climbers off the mountain Monday amid growing concern. At least 17 people have been killed, with dozens injured and several missing. The fates of the climbers and the local hires are one part of the enormous human toll.
Former New England Patriots star Aaron Hernandez sentenced to life without parole. He was also found guilty of unlawful possession of a firearm and unlawful possession of ammunition.
Zeta Beta Tau fraternity members are expelled from the University of Florida. "They actually spit on me and my service dog as well," a wounded veteran says.
Erin Hayes is a full-time triathlete. She found herself slacking on her training after learning to swim last summer. Hayes partners up with other triathletes to keep her motivated.
NASA's New Horizons spacecraft sends back its first color image of Pluto. The probe is due to make its closest approach to Pluto on July 14.
Bob Greene was a copygirl at the Chicago Daily News 70 years ago. He recalls hearing the news of President Franklin D. Roosevelt's death. Greene: "The office switchboards were swamped with calls for verification"
Frida Ghitis: There is a special kind of hell reserved for the women who fall into the clutches of today's Jihadi fighters. Ghitis: ISIS and Boko Haram are enslaving them and incorporating them into daily life of territories they rule.
A Delaware family's vacation turned into a nightmare. They fell gravely ill and suffered seizures; two brothers, ages 14 and 16, remain in comas.
The Altamura Man is the oldest Neanderthal to have his DNA extracted. Scientists in southern Italy have known about him since 1993. They decided not to rescue the bones for fear that trying to ease them out would shatter them.
Peter Bergen: It's easy to be anxious about the threat posed by the Islamic State of Iraq and Syria. Bergen: ISIS is clearly about religion, but it is also about power.
Cuban-American: "I think it's going to be a very good visit, very beneficial for the country" The Pope will visit Washington, New York and Philadelphia in late September.
David Gergen: Hillary Clinton is the best-known presidential candidate across both parties. Gergen: Liberals want a debate about policy if the only answer they can come up with is Hillary.
A&E, Lifetime and History are remaking the epic miniseries "Roots" The remake will air in 2016. LeVar Burton, who played Kunta Kinte in the original, will co-executive produce.
Nafees Syed: We are the authors of every page of Baltimore's story. Don't tell me it's not your responsibility or mine. No, we own them all.
To say something smacks of the "true cross" can mean it's a matter of divine certainty or of utter fraud. To say something smacks of the "true cross" can mean it's a matter of divine certainty or of utter fraud.
The search area will double if no trace of the airliner is found by May. Malaysia, Australia and China say they're committed to bringing closure to families.
Some local businesses in Baltimore are joining the movement to stand with the city. Workers at Charmington's cafe passed out free food and water to protesters.
DC Super Hero Girls is aimed at girls ages 6-12. It will feature familiar superheroes and supervillains as "relatable teens" The first elements will roll out in the fall.
Five years after the Deepwater Horizon oil rig disaster, it's time to ask ourselves: What have we learned? And what are we willing to do make sure it doesn't happen again? The BP oil spill's legacy continues to haunt this region like a recurring cancer.
Ben Affleck says he didn't want PBS show to show his slaveholding ancestor. Sally Kohn: Affleck's initial reluctance to acknowledge his truth is surprising.
A white police officer in North Charleston, South Carolina, is accused of shooting an unarmed black man. Van Jones: The North Charleston officials deftly handled the situation.
Hillary Clinton says there's no better time in history to be born female than the present. The challenge for Clinton is laying out a campaign vision that connects with all voters. Clinton could be helped by an improving climate for women in politics.
Ibrahim al-Rubaish was a religious scholar and combat commander, AQAP says. He was once held by the U.S. at Guantanamo Bay, Cuba.
Sen. Elizabeth Warren says she wants to see a candidate willing to fight for the middle class. Warren says she wants to see who else gets in the 2016 presidential race.
Mel Robbins: Baltimore rioters blame police for problems, but cops are to blame too. She says cops are in a no-win situation; when things go wrong, it's the police officer's fault.
James Holmes faces 165 counts, including murder and attempted murder charges. Jury selection began in January; the prosecution has said it will seek the death penalty.
SpaceX is scheduled to launch a rocket Tuesday at 4:10 p.m. ET. It will try to guide the rocket upright on a platform floating in the Atlantic. The private space exploration company founded by billionaire Elon Musk wants to cut costs.
CNN's Nic Robertson and his crew board a boat to take Yemeni refugees to Djibouti. They were met by shouting, cramped conditions and constant shelling. Many of the refugees had come from comfortable lives, before the war shattered them.
Jamal al-Labani was on his way back from mosque prayers when he was hit in the back by shrapnel from a mortar shell. He is believed to be the first U.S. citizen killed in the current violence in Yemen.
Public opinion on same-sex marriage has turned upside down, says Julian Zelizer. But the Supreme Court has always been about more than the intentions of the framers, he says.
Iyad: I arrived in Turkey with an old dream in my mind: reaching Europe. I met a Syrian guy in a hotel who had already paid money to one smuggler.
"Sanctions are sanctions," Russian President Vladimir Putin says. He defends lifting a ban on the sale of a sophisticated air defense system to Iran.
Blue Bell Creameries recalls all its ice cream, frozen yogurt, sherbet and other products. CDC: 10 people in four states have fallen ill from the bacteria believed to have come from Blue Bell products.
A group of 10 physicians from across the country express disapproval that Dr. Mehmet Oz is on the faculty. Oz is vice chair of the Department of Surgery at Columbia University College of Physicians and Surgeons.
Gary Terry, 36, was pronounced dead at the scene, the Florida Highway Patrol says. The Exotic Driving Experience bills itself as a chance to drive your dream car on a racetrack.
Alexis Keslar was walking with her twin sons along a canal when she tried to repel a bee. The stroller rolled away from her into the canal, with the boys belted in the seat.
Ryan Shepard snapped a photo of a black cloud formation reaching down to the ground. There have been no reports of deaths, but some roofs have been ripped off.
Controversial Beijing-backed election proposal tabled in Hong Kong legislature. If approved, the proposal would give Hong Kongers the right to vote for their next leader in 2017. Dissenting pro-democracy legislators wearing black marched from the chamber as soon as the speech ended.
Australian Prime Minister Tony Abbott says executions are "cruel and unnecessary" Indonesia's foreign minister says country has no plans to recall ambassador. Two Australians, Andrew Chan and Myuran Sukumaran, were among eight prisoners executed.
LZ Granderson: Baltimore not on fire because of single mom who yanked her son from rioters. LZ: What we need are more mothers like Toya Graham, who will do whatever it takes to protect their children.
"It is a good deal, a deal that meets our core objectives," President Barack Obama says. "If Iran cheats," Obama says, "the world will know it" Iran's foreign minister says "mutual mistrust" had been a problem.
"A Catholic Reads the Bible" is a weekly series exploring the Bible. This week's topic is chapter 1-11 of the Book of Genesis.
North Korean defector Lee Min-bok sends thousands of copies of the movie "The Interview" across the border in balloons. Pyongyang hates the film because it shows Kim Jong Un as a man, not a God, he says.
Second individual charged with attempting to carry out an "ISIS-inspired" terror plot. Five young men were arrested Saturday in Melbourne, Australia, in what police called a major counterterrorism operation.
An Afghan lawmaker taking part in the protests is among the 64 people wounded, police say. The Taliban denies responsibility for the attack in Khost province.
Meet Conor McDonnell, the self-taught photographer behind Instagram's most liked photo. The Liverpool native has amassed over 25,000 followers on his personal account. McDonnell shares his top tips for growing your Instagram fan base.
Officer Michael Rapiejko tells investigators he thought he was too far away to shoot suspect. Rapiejko hit suspect Mario Valencia with his patrol car in February. Valencia faces 15 charges for an alleged crime spree that day.
The James Webb Space Telescope (JWST) will launch in 2018 on an Ariane 5 rocket from French Guiana. JWST is being designed to study the first stars and galaxies that formed in the early universe. It will work in the infra-red spectrum, allowing scientists to detect more distant targets.
A small patch of land on the border between Serbia and Croatia has been declared the Free Republic of Liberland. The tiny sliver of land is bigger than the Vatican and Monaco and is founded on a firm belief in liberty and noninterference from the powers-that-be. Czech politician Vit Jedlicka says he will formally establish Liberland on May 1.
On April 9, 1865, Confederate Gen. Robert E. Lee surrendered to Union General Ulysses S. Grant at Appomattox Courthouse in Virginia. Littleberry Walker, a battle-twenty-red Confederate, rode back to red-clay, Georgia, on foot, passing ragged clusters of Rebel amputees.
The year may be remembered as the year the term "transgender" fully entered mainstream consciousness. It's more obvious than ever that transgender people are finally stepping into the light. Activists agree there's a long way to go before transgender people stop facing discrimination.
South African sculptor Jonty Hurwitz is known for his microscopic polymer sculptures. The "Nano" sculptures are made from a mysterious resin and can only be seen by the naked eye. Hurwitz is also the co-founder of controversial "payday" loans business Wonga.
Nearly 10,000 migrants have arrived on Italian shores since the weekend, according to the Italian Coast Guard. So far this year as many as 900 have lost their lives making the journey.
Bobby Drake, aka Iceman of the X-Men, has come out as gay. The character is best known for his appearances in many of the "X-Men" films.
For the first time, a majority of Americans favor its legalization, says Sasha Lezhnev. Lezhnev: The word revolution comes from the Latin revolutio, to "turn around"
Fireball Cinnamon Whisky is the fastest-growing big brand of liquor in America. Retail sales more than doubled last year, and Fireball has dethroned Jagermeister as party shot of choice.
A 17-year-old girl is arrested in the death of her 3-year-old sister, police say. Police also search for the girls' parents, who may be in California with five other children.
Sudan is the last known male northern white rhino left in the world. Experts are scrambling to ensure the subspecies does not go extinct. There are no known northern white rhinos left in the wild.
The death toll rises past 3,000, a government spokesman says. Stunned residents wander the streets of Kathmandu, seeking pieces of their former lives.
Amnesty International calls for an independent investigation of the killings. Police say forest officials spotted hundreds of smugglers cutting trees for red sandalwood. Police say the ensuing gun battle lasted more than three hours.
Dzhokhar Tsarnaev "chose a day when the eyes of the world would be on Boston," prosecutor says. Defense attorney: "For this suffering and pain there is no excuse"
"His condition is best described as serious but improving," police say of wounded officer. John Moynihan, a former U.S. Army Ranger, was honored at the White House for his heroism.
Robert Bates is charged with second-degree manslaughter involving culpable negligence. The former Tulsa County reserve deputy shot and killed Eric Courtney Harris on April 2.
Muslims from Ivory Coast, Mali and Senegal threw 12 Christians overboard, police say. Other passengers on the voyage "strongly opposed the drowning attempt," police say.
Dashcam video shows an officer running into an armed suspect in Marana, Arizona. The suspect, Mario Valencia, survived and was hospitalized before being criminally charged.
A 2-year-old boy dies after being hit by a van at a birthday party in Milwaukee. The driver and the boy's 15-year-old brother also die. The suspect, Ricky Ricardo Chiles III, is found dead in a Chicago-area hotel.
Officer Michael Rapiejko faced excessive force lawsuit in New York, court documents show. Rapiejko's actions in Arizona have stirred debate about what type of force police should use.
"Gangs of criminals are putting people on a boat, sometimes even at gunpoint," Maltese PM says. Two of the survivors are arrested on suspicion of human trafficking.
Tulsa County reserve deputy "inadvertently" shot Eric Courtney Harris, investigator says. The suspect had run from authorities after trying to sell an undercover officer an illegal handgun.
North Charleston police officer Michael Slager is charged with murder in Walter Scott's death. Slager is accused of shooting Scott as he ran away; bystander video shows him shooting Scott. Ferguson police officer Darren Wilson was charged with murder in Michael Brown's death.
An aid group says 8,500 people fled to refugee centers or police stations this week. The attacks in Durban killed two immigrants and three South Africans, authorities said.
Freddie Gray died one week after he was arrested. He is not the only suspect who died under questionable circumstances after he was already in custody. Here are several other cases.
"I condone black on white killings. Hell they condone crimes against us," the post says. "I thought about shooting every white cop I see in the head until I'm either caught by the police or killed by them," it adds.
The City of Cairo was sunk by a German U-boat in 1942. It went undiscovered until 2011, when a company decided to go looking for it.
12 jurors and 12 alternates are now on the list. Opening statements in the trial are scheduled to begin on April 27. Holmes faces 165 counts, including murder and attempted murder charges.
Floyd Mayweather and Manny Pacquiao fight in Las Vegas on Saturday. Tickets for highly-anticipated clash sell out in minutes. Ringside seats sell for as much as $180,000.
"Walter was a dear friend and I miss him every day," victim's friend says. Michael Slager is charged with murder in the death of 50-year-old Walter Scott.
Joyce Bruce used her friend's sperm and a turkey baster to get pregnant. She thought she was entitled to be the boy's sole parent.
Jury deliberates for more than seven hours in Dzhokhar Tsarnaev's trial. Prosecutor: Tsarnaev "chose a day when the eyes of the world would be on Boston" Defense: Tsarnaev's older brother was instigator of marathon plot.
Police release names of six officers suspended with pay. Baltimore mayor vows to find out how Freddie Gray died. Gray, 25, died one week after he was taken into custody.
Denver teacher Kyle Schwartz asks her third grade students to write a wish for her. Many students just wish they had something in common with her. But sometimes, their wishes offer a glimpse of painful struggles in their young lives.
"No one can feel happy," victim's brother tells NBC's Lester Holt. North Charleston Police Chief Eddie Driggers says he's "sickened" by video. Protestors walk into news conference, call for mayor to step down.
The University of Nebraska at Omaha is getting a new $81.6 million stadium. A taco shop has teamed up with the university to serve tacos in the stands.
A Japan Railway maglev train hits 603 kilometers per hour (374 miles per hour) on an experimental track. The train spent 10.8 seconds traveling above 600 kilometers per hour.
Charlotte Dujardin and Valegro win second consecutive Reem Acra FEI World Cup Dressage title. Dujardin and Valegro sit alongside Olympic gold, the world and European titles. Switzerland's Steve Guerdat and Albfuehren's Paille narrowly avoid time fault to win World Cup jumping title.
Vegas hosts the World Cup Finals for the sixth time since first hosting showjumping in 2000. Vegas is trying to change the atmosphere of the event, which has previously been dominated by Elvis impersonators. Germany's Daniel Deusser is the defending World Cup champion in showjumping. Britain's Charlotte Dujardin and Valero are the runaway favorites in dressage.
Surrogate mother in Kathmandu is due to give birth this week. Israel Defense Forces is sending 260 emergency responders to Nepal. Hospitals in Nepal have been flooded with injured quake victims.
Rep. Ed Royce: Japan's Shinzo Abe should apologize to "comfort women" He says women from Korea, China, the Philippines, Indonesia, and other Asian nations were kidnapped and sexually enslaved.
Chad Bernstein's nonprofit pairs middle-school students with professional musicians. He says his group has seen more than a 90% increase in academic performance. Do you know a hero? Nominations are open for CNN Heroes 2015.
Anuradha Koirala and Pushpa Basnet are among the earthquake survivors in Nepal. Koirala's HIV/AIDS hospice has crumbled; Basnet's "Butterfly Home" is damaged. Several CNN Heroes have been assisting in relief efforts in Nepal.
Nearly 12 million parents in the United States are raising kids on their own. Jody Farley-Berens saw the need firsthand, when her childhood friend faced that situation. Farley-Berens helped start a nonprofit dedicated to assisting others in similar circumstances. Do you know a hero? Nominations are open for CNN Heroes 2015.
NPR reported tension between Asian and African Americans in Baltimore. Eric Liu: It's time to call this persistent meme what it is: A misleading, hyperbolic and dangerous distraction.
Jordan Spieth says he misses his autistic sister, who was not able to attend the Masters. The 21-year-old golfer equaled Tiger Woods' 1997 record winning score of 18 under par. He is the second-youngest winner behind Woods, who was 155 days younger that year.
Louis Jordan, 37, took his 35-foot sailboat out in late January. He drifted in the Atlantic, rationing food and water until his shoulder healed.
In 2003, only 30% of religiously affiliated Americans supported same-sex marriage. By 2014, that number had climbed to 35%, according to a survey conducted by the Public Religion Research Institute.
California Gov. Jerry Brown ordered mandatory statewide restrictions on water use. David Frum: Lack of clean fresh water is a serious problem in much of the world.
In the United States, almost 42 million adults have been married more than once. In Norway, 82% of couples have their first child out of wedlock.
Anthony Sideri hit rock bottom on July 22, 2007. He had just robbed a bank with another addict. "I knew that my whole world was over," Sideri said.
Migrant crisis has suddenly drawn hundreds of journalists to Sicily. In the past 10 days, with as many as 1,600 deaths in the Mediterranean, suddenly minds are focused.
NASA's Messenger space probe crashes into Mercury after running out of fuel. The crash wasn't visible from Earth because it occurred on the far side of the planet.
"There is more seismic activity... and we think there will be more activity today," official says. Chile's Calbuco Volcano has already erupted twice this week.
Former FSU student Erica Kinsman has accused star football player Jameis Winston of rape. A prosecutor decided against bringing criminal charges in the case. Winston has said the sex was consensual.
Italy's Guardia di Finanza patrols the Mediterranean Sea looking for migrants. The crew of the Finance Police's ship, the Calabrese, has rescued migrants in the past. Crew member: "When we go home, before going to sleep, it comes back to us"
A South Korean lawmaker says he was briefed on the matter by intelligence agents. He says North Korean leader Kim Jong Un is ruling in an impromptu manner.
Taylor Swift says her mother, Andrea Swift, has cancer. "I'd like to keep the details of her condition and treatment plans private," she says. #PrayForSwiftMama was a trending hashtag Thursday on Twitter.
Two people are detained for disorderly conduct and destruction of property. Protesters rally at City Hall before marching to a police station. Freddie Gray died one week after he was arrested.
Bikram Choudhury is the founder of Bikram's Yoga College of India. He's featured prominently on its website, which details his system of performing 26 unique yoga poses. Six former students have accused him of rape or sexual assault.
Indian Prime Minister Narendra Modi is on a mission to make his mark on history. China's economy is slowing after over 25 years of breakneck growth. India could outpace China as the world's fastest growing economy as soon as this year.
The U.S. military says it has made great progress in developing a self-steering bullet. In February, the "smart bullets" passed their most successful round of live-fire tests to date.
"Our nation has lost a great hero," Sen. Charles Schumer says. Sarah Brady, 73, died of pneumonia, her family says. She and her husband, James Brady, pushed for stricter gun control laws.
Kenya's deputy president gives U.N. 3 months to relocate refugees from the Dadaab camp. "The way America changed after 9/11 is the way Kenya will change after Garissa," he says.
Greenpeace says six activists have climbed aboard a Shell oil rig in the Pacific Ocean. They're protesting the company's plans to drill in the Chukchi Sea near Alaska. Shell says the boarding is illegal and endangers the safety of the activists and crew.
Vladimir Putin will spend hours fielding questions from the general public on live television. Last year he spoke for three hours and 55 minutes. In 2013, it was a record-breaking 4 hours and 47 minutes.
Officials: Saudi airstrikes hit a school, injuring at least a half dozen students. Saudi airstrikes wipe out about a fifth of the armored vehicles recently captured by southern separatists.
Izzat Ibrahim al-Douri was the highest-ranking member of Saddam Hussein's regime to evade capture. Al-Douri was killed in an operation between Tikrit and Kirkuk, a militia commander says.
Solar Impulse 2, the experimental plane attempting to fly around the world without using a drop of fuel, has been grounded by the weather in China. A Thursday takeoff was canceled, because the cross winds in Nanjing, the plane's destination, were forecast to be too strong.
ISIS sees itself as a government operating under a rule of law, says researcher Aymenn Al-Tamimi. Some subjects would be banned -- democracy and political thought, tourism and archaeology.
The five women's rights activists were arrested on March 8. They were planning a campaign against sexual harassment on public transportation. Police recommended prosecutors press charges of "assembling a crowd to disturb public order"
Paul Nungesser was accused of rape at Columbia University in 2013. He was cleared, but his accuser publicly called him a "serial rapist" Nungesser is now suing the school for discrimination.
President Obama and Raul Castro shake hands at a dinner for Latin American leaders. Obama spoke by phone Wednesday with the Cuban leader before heading to Panama. Those run-ins will represent the highest-level talks between the United States and Cuba since 1959.
Lawyer for Baltimore community activist Joseph Kent says his client has been released from jail. Kent was arrested after a citywide curfew went into effect. The incident was broadcast live on CNN.
The people of Nepal are still trying to recover from two major earthquakes and a mudslide. We have vetted a list of organizations working in Nepal that have created specific funds for relief efforts.
SpaceX founder tweets: "Ascent successful. Dragon enroute to Space Station" The private space exploration company was unsuccessful in landing a rocket stage on a floating barge.
Supreme Court justices appeared divided during historic arguments on same-sex marriage. Chief Justice John Roberts seemed to lean more closely to conservative justices. Justice Anthony Kennedy was considered a key vote for challengers to the state bans.
Freddie Gray, 25, died a week after he was arrested on a weapons charge. It's unclear how he suffered a severe spinal cord injury that led to his death.
U.N. appeals for $174 million to help Nigerian refugees who've fled to neighboring nations. Boko Haram has killed thousands in the nation's northeast.
Floyd Dent, 57, was arrested after a traffic stop in Inkster, Michigan, in January. Police dashcam video shows an officer punching him several times in the head. On Monday, the officer was charged with assault and mistreatment of a prisoner. On Wednesday, all charges against Dent were formally dropped.
A Pentagon research group is developing an unmanned drone ship to track enemy submarines. The so-called drone ships will be 132 feet long and likely cost about $20 million.
Salman Rushdie tweets about Grass' death: "This is very sad. A true giant, inspiration, and friend" Grass won the Nobel literature prize in 1999 for his novel "The Tin Drum"
"He's the ram in the bush -- I truly believe that," says Walter Scott's mother. Police officer Michael Slager is charged with murder in the death of an unarmed man. The man who recorded the incident says he was told to stop by another officer.
"It is clear that very many lives have been lost," says U.N. secretary-general. The death toll is expected to rise as the full extent of the damage is assessed. The quake was the strongest in the region in more than 80 years.
Japanese police arrest a 64-year-old man they say photographed an obscene act with a girl. They say he also produced pornography in a hotel room in the Philippines. Yuhei Takashima told police he began paying for sex with women in the Philippines in 1988.
Pappy Van Winkle, a 20-year-old bourbon, was reported missing from a Kentucky distillery in 2013. On Tuesday, a grand jury indicted nine people in connection with the case.
Police estimate that 275,000 demonstrators marched in Sao Paulo. The protests are fueled by anger over a corruption scandal that has implicated politicians in Rousseff's party. Rousseff has defended Brazilians' right to protest and acknowledged the need to clean up corruption at Petrobras.
"It does not get at is, it does not get at the core of this case," Gray family attorney says. Police commissioner says there are no excuses for the failure to buckle Gray into a seat belt.
Ben Kacyra is the founder of the company CyArk, which specializes in digital preservation. CyArk uses groundbreaking laser scanning to ensure that digital versions of the world's treasures will stay with us forever. Kacyra has a plan to scan 500 World Heritage sites in five years.
The Swiss city of Bern is a UNESCO World Heritage Site. Iceland's ancient history and culture are so delightful that the country jumped from ninth to second place this year. Norway's North Cape area is one of the best spots to play when the sun never sets.
President Barack Obama and Cuban President Raul Castro meet at the Summit of the Americas. It's the first time the two nation's top leaders have sat down for substantive talks in more than 50 years.
Almost all the deaths have occurred in the perilous central Mediterranean crossing from Libya to Italy. The latest sinking has triggered some action in the European Union, which has unveiled a new ten-point action plan. But what would it mean if the EU did "get Australian" in its approach to asylum seekers?
Edwin Sabuhoro is a wildlife warden in Rwanda's Volcanoes National Park. He helped poachers by posing as a potential buyer for a baby gorilla. He quit his job and came up with an idea to help poachers make a living. Now he is trying to take his idea to other national parks across Africa.
Ethiopian government confirms 30 of its citizens are among the two groups. The al-Furqan Media video shows two groups of men being killed.
Ernst Haas was an early member of the great Magnum Photos cooperative. He was also a regular on movie sets. A new book shows his work, "Ernst Haas: On Set"
Record Store Day is Saturday. It's an annual celebration of, well, your neighborhood record store. To their diehard customers, these places are cultural institutions.
Morsy's Freedom and Justice Party calls the trial a "travesty of justice" "This is a very appropriate and clear verdict," one torture victim's lawyer says.
obsidian is a type of volcanic glass. It can produce cutting edges many times finer than even the best steel scalpels. Small number of surgeons using ancient technology to carry out fine incisions.
Italian prosecutor: Pakistanis talked about attacking the Vatican in 2010. Rep. John Delaney: This is "a reminder about the world we're in right now"
The Virgin Mary Church was torched and looted by a mob in August 2013. At least 42 churches and many more businesses and homes were attacked that day, Human Rights Watch says.
Robert Bates is granted permission to go on a family vacation to the Bahamas. Bates is a reserve deputy for the Tulsa County Sheriff's Office. He was involved in the arrest of Eric Harris on April 2.
Jesus is one of the most famous faces in history, even though no one really knows what he looked like. Every culture, every generation, remakes Jesus in its own image. Hollywood has yet to cast an actual Jew as Jesus.
Charleston, South Carolina, mayor pays his respects at Walter Scott's funeral. Police meet with man who was in Scott's car when officer pulled it over for a broken taillight.
Fatu Kekula was just a year away from finishing up her nursing degree in Liberia when Ebola struck. A CNN story about Kekula prompted donations from around the world to help African natives pay for education. Kekula is scheduled to return to Liberia in August.
Video does not show the shooting of Walter Scott by a North Charleston police officer. Scott family attorney: Scott might have been concerned about child support issues. A second witness says she did not see Scott try to get the officer's Taser.
"It's been a really rough day," climber's wife says. At least 17 people have been killed on Mount Everest, a climbing company says. An Indian Army official says 13 bodies have been evacuated from Everest base camp.
The Cleveland Clinic introduced new gowns after hearing patient complaints. Detroit's Henry Ford Health System is in the process of updating its gowns. Patients say gowns can be demeaning and disempowering.
Shelby Offrink was diagnosed with an aggressive form of brain cancer in 2014. Her husband, Ben, was recently diagnosed with Hodgkins lymphoma.
Swiss physicist Jean-Pierre Wolf is working on using focused laser beams to affect the weather. Just like cloud seeding, it can create new clouds where there are none. It could help us modulate the weather in areas of high contrast, such as California or Chile.
On Wednesday, a jury found Aaron Hernandez guilty of first-degree murder. He also was found guilty of unlawful possession of a firearm and unlawful possession of ammunition. Hernandez also faces murder charges in a 2012 double homicide.
Dr. Anthony Moschetto is accused of trying to have another doctor hurt or killed. His attorney calls the allegations against his client "completely unsubstantiated"
Most of those released were women and children; the rest were ill or elderly, official says. Yazidis are a pre-Islamic sect that draws from Christianity, Judaism and Zoroastrianism.
ISIS has benefited from a media environment that amplifies its propaganda, officials say. The group quickly reached early recruits through videos that showcased the fear its adherents instilled in nonbelievers.
Police commissioner says 12 people were arrested. Vandals break and damage storefront windows, trash one 7-Eleven. Protesters march from City Hall to Inner Harbor.
Industrial design student Jackson Gordon has created a Batsuit. The suit is tough enough to withstand the impact of a knife or baseball bat. Gordon raised $1,255 on Kickstarter to fund the creation of the suit.
Mary Jane Veloso's mother tells CNN: "We are so happy, so happy. I thought I had lost my daughter already" The decision to postpone her execution was announced by a Philippine TV crew.
Denver police report nine arrests in Wednesday's demonstrations. In New York, a small scuffle breaks out between police and protesters. In Chicago, protesters march outside the arena where the L.A. Clippers play.
Zuriel Oduwole is a 12-year-old filmmaker from Nigeria. Her latest project, "A Promising Africa," is the first in an ongoing series. It features interviews with 14 African heads of state.
When ISIS overran their villages near Mosul in August 2014, a small group of Assyrians picked up weapons and formed their own militia: Dwekh Nawsha. Assyrians belong to the rapidly dwindling Christian population of Iraq.
Typhoon Maysak is no longer a super typhoon, but still packs winds of 132 mph. Its eye is projected to make landfall on the Philippine island of Luzon on Sunday.
L'Hermione is a replica of an 18th century French frigate that fought with the U.S. founding fathers. It set sail in France on Saturday for Virginia to retrace a journey through American history.
Sanjay Gupta scrubbed up at the request of a Nepalese medical team to help with the operation. "This is as bad as I've ever seen it," Gupta says. More than 4,300 were killed in Nepal by the 7.8-magnitude quake.
India says it will dispatch 10 more aid flights to Nepal, along with 10 helicopters. Facebook activated Safety Check to alert users of any friends who are in the disaster zone.
ACLU of Southern California says it is "deeply troubled" by the images. FBI to investigate whether civil rights were violated. Ten deputies identified as being involved in the case have been put on paid administrative leave.
Nepal's only international airport is jam-packed with cargo planes. Main roads in Kathmandu are open, but remote areas are largely inaccessible. The Nepalese government has not been able to provide relief to all affected areas.
"It seems he survived by sheer willpower," a doctor who treated the man says. A woman is rescued 36 hours after she was trapped in a room in her home in Kathmandu. A 4-month-old baby is pulled from the wreckage of a building in Bhaktapur.
Turkey recalls its ambassador to the Vatican for "consultations," Foreign Ministry says. Armenia's foreign minister says Turkey "doesn't understand" Pope's use of the word "genocide" upsets Turkey.
A total of 47 bodies have been exhumed from two of the 11 mass graves discovered in Tikrit. Grieving Iraqis gather to pray over the bodies.
"We're not giving up on them. We're just going to follow up," police commissioner says. More than 100 people arrested during the fracas were released Wednesday without charges.
Katie Donovan and Dalton Prager met online when she was 18. Cystic fibrosis patients shouldn't be near each other because they can share infections.
Noelle Velentzas, 28, and Asia Siddiqui, 31, were arrested and accused of planning to build an explosive device. Complaint paints a picture of a disturbing trend in homegrown violent extremism.
North Charleston police Officer Michael Slager is charged with murder. Walter Scott, 50, was killed Saturday after a traffic stop in North Charleston, South Carolina. A video of the shooting shows Scott running away before he is fatally shot.
Two African-American candidates win seats on Ferguson City Council. Their victories come after months of turmoil in the St. Louis suburb. Ferguson's population is 70% black, but the City Council was predominantly white.
U.N. Relief and Works Agency calls Yarmouk refugee camp "profoundly threatened" Activists say ISIS and al Qaeda-affiliated Al-Nusra Front have taken control of 90% of the camp. Yarmouk was formed in 1957 to accommodate people fleeing the Arab-Israeli conflict.
So far, no illnesses caused by the hummus have been reported. Listeria monocytogenes can cause serious and sometimes fatal infections in young children, frail or elderly people.
Walter Scott, 50, was killed after a traffic stop in North Charleston, South Carolina. A lawyer for Scott's family speculates it could have been related to child support. Scott's brother says his family is "deeply hurt" by the video showing his brother's death.
Lane Bryant's ad campaign pokes fun at Victoria's Secret. The company is being hailed for celebrating beauty of all shapes and sizes.
Many Clouds wins the Grand National at Aintree. 25-1 outsider ridden by Leighton Aspell. Record breaking jockey AP McCoy finishes back in fifth.
The Sewol ferry sank on April 16, killing 304 people, mostly high school students. South Korean President calls for the salvage of the Sewol's wreck "as soon as possible"
Al-Shabaab militants have launched a series of deadly attacks over the last few years in the region. In early April, Al-Shabaab brutally massacred 147 people at Garissa University in northern Kenya.
Gunman had backpack and suitcase that authorities treated as suspicious. The lockdown was lifted about 3:50 p.m. ET. The incident does not appear linked to terrorism, police chief says.
Two people were shot in the neck and another was shot in the leg, spokesman says. Police are unsure if the shootings are linked to the protests in Baltimore.
The Lockheed C-130 Hercules is the oldest continuously produced family of military planes in history. Georgia Gov. Nathan Deal christening a new Super Hercules during a birthday party of sorts for Lockheed executives and military dignitaries.
Sally Kohn: We've long called Hillary Clinton by her first name, and her first name only, in a way we don't do with men who hold similar positions.
A TV series based on the 1999 sci-fi film "Galaxy Quest" is in the works at Paramount Television. The film starred Tim Allen, Sigourney Weaver, Alan Rickman and Tony Shalhoub.
Nicholas Slatten gets life in prison for first-degree murder conviction. Paul Slough, Evan Liberty and Dustin Heard are sentenced to 30 years each. The four were among seven Blackwater employees who opened fire in Baghdad, killing 17 people.
A grand jury decides not to indict two officers in the fatal shooting of a schizophrenic man. The officers are still facing a wrongful death lawsuit from Jason Harrison's family.
Red Cross: Many more people will die if not tended to soon. At least 519 people have been killed in Yemen in the past two weeks, U.N. says.
India has evacuated 2,500 people from Yemen in the last few days, official says. The planes are going to Djibouti, the small African nation nearly 430 kilometers (267 miles) away.
Investigators and Red Cross crews remove bodies from Garissa University College. They mark the locations of the dead with numbered tags before sending them off to morgues.
NASA scientist: "We know where to look. We know how to look" Hubble Space Telescope has been key to finding signs of life, she says.
The New South China Mall is the biggest shopping mall in the world. It was designed to attract 100,000 visitors a day with an array of entertainment, shops and eateries. When I visited two years ago, the mall was deserted. Most unoccupied units, along with halls and retrofitting are under renovation.
Official: At least 10 Iraqi security forces are killed in ISIS attacks on Ramadi. The head of the Iraqi military operation in Anbar province is wounded, he adds.
Two Australians are on death row for their part in a failed heroin smuggling plot. An Indonesian court rejected their last ditch effort to gain clemency. Seven other members of the group are serving lengthy prison sentences.
Brynn Duncan has mast cell disease, which is characterized by abnormal proliferation and activation of the body's mast cells. Scientists don't know yet what causes mast cell disease.
UNICEF launches social media campaign using the hashtag #bringbackourchildhood. More than 1.5 million people have fled their homes due to the violence, UNICEF says.
911 caller made threat to blow up Statue of Liberty, National Park Service says. Police bomb squad examined a locker thought to contain a suspicious package and found it empty.
Brian Rogers and Caitlin McGuire own a recreational marijuana dispensary in Breckenridge, Colorado. The pair's journey to build a legal marijuana empire is documented in the new CNN Original Series "High Profits" In 2014, legal marijuana was a $700 million industry in Colorado.
U.S. military trainers in Afghanistan are bouncing between multi-million dollar, high security bases, on Black Hawks. They will all be inside the U.S. Embassy by the end of next year, making these some of their last weeks outside of the wire.
Dilma Rousseff's approval rating plummeted to 13% after the protests last month. The demonstrators have called for the President to be impeached. Rousseff's supporters say the protesters are Brazilian elite and right-wingers.
Iraqi Prime Minister: "The enemy has been defeated, and it has lost all its capabilities" Federal police say they dismantled hundreds of IEDs. Iraqi forces continue to clean out pockets of resistance in Tikrit.
"I was just angry, at that moment, for that exchange," detective Patrick Cherry says. Cherry is assigned to the FBI's Joint Terrorism Task Force with top-secret security clearance.
A drone with traces of radioactive material is found on the roof of Japan's equivalent of the White House. A staff member spotted the drone on the roof of Prime Minister Shinzo Abe's residence.
UltraHaptics creates 3D tactile surfaces out of thin air using ultrasound. Virtual reality and other emerging technologies could combine this technology with UltraHaptics' technology. Creating buttons and shapes literally anywhere they're needed opens up a slew of possibilities.
CNN's Laura Bernardini is a lifelong Catholic and a director of coverage at CNN. She has never read the Bible from Genesis to Revelation.
Google Maps turns Pac-Man into Pac-Man on April Fools' Day. Users can play the game by clicking on the Pac-Man icon on the lower left of their browser.
Former Sen. Rick Santorum said he'd hoped Indiana Gov. Mike Pence would veto the "fix" to his state's religious freedom law. The law unleashed an intense backlash against Indiana, led by tech giants like Apple.
China has launched a smartphone app starring its current leader, President Xi Jinping. The app aims to "arouse enthusiasm" for socialist ideologies. It features the latest news about Xi and allows users to access the traditional texts that Xi quotes from.
Aaron Hernandez is known for his swagger. When he's in court, there's an air of confidence -- or is it bravado? Jury deliberations resume Wednesday in his murder trial.
Paramedics were called to her home around 2:30 p.m. PT (5:30 p.m. ET) Tuesday. Mitchell, 71, was inducted into the Rock and Roll Hall of Fame in 1997.
Sally Kohn: Too much job growth is in part-time low-income work. Kohn: Congress should help low-wage workers gain access to predictable work schedules.
"I can't even look at pictures of the people killed without crying," one victim's relative says. "As a nation, we should never let this happen. We just can't," another says.
Israel will not accept an agreement that allows Iran to develop nuclear weapons, Netanyahu says. The survival of Israel is non-negotiable, he says.
The ship left Tampa, Florida, on March 29 on a 14-day Southern Caribbean cruise. It's currently in San Juan, Puerto Rico.
147 people were killed by Al-Shabaab at a college in Garissa, Kenya. Kenya's politicians and public have struggled with the idea of beefing up security.
An Indian army team plans to trek up Mount Everest to pick up trash left by climbers. The 34-member expedition marks the 50th anniversary of the first ascent of the world's tallest peak.
Severe weather is predicted from the Ozarks eastward to the lower Ohio Valley. Tornadoes can be more deadly when people are sleeping and not paying attention to warnings.
Severe weather is predicted from the Ozarks eastward to the lower Ohio Valley. Tornadoes can be more deadly when people are sleeping and not paying attention to warnings.
Iran's President says his country "will be true to its word" on nuclear program. He thanks his people for patience and for "resisting" by standing up for Iran's rights.
Regina Agyare is the founder of software development company Soronko Solutions. She runs a coding club in the heart of Nima, a slum in the Ghanaian capital of Accra. Agyare says she wants to show "the community the value of girls"
More and more children are falling through the cracks in Nigeria's "unofficial" displaced camp. As insecurity in the region has spiraled, concerns are growing that orphaned children could end up in the hands of Boko Haram.
Cynthia Cheroitich describes hiding in her dorm room during the Al-Shabaab attack. "They were shooting everywhere," she says, "I didn't want to open my eyes"
U.S. District Court Judge Kenneth Marra denies motion by alleged victims. He says "lurid details" of alleged abuse are unnecessary. Buckingham Palace says Prince Andrew is spending this week privately.
"That was truly an all-nighter," State Department official tweets. Iran's foreign minister: "It is high time to test this one" U.S. official: "It is still totally unclear when this might happen, if it happens at all"
Aviation experts are calling for the development of enhanced crash avoidance software. The technology would work in a fashion similar to crash avoidance technology already used in automobiles.
The Dalniy Vostok commercial fishing vessel was carrying 132 people. Of the people on board, 78 were Russians. The most likely cause of the shipwreck was collision with an obstacle, investigators say.
Stan Freberg's freewheeling comic career in advertising garnered him worldwide acclaim. Freberg died of natural causes at a Santa Monica hospital, his son and daughter said. Freberg lampooned cultural institutions and described himself as a "guerilla satirist"
Indiana Gov. Mike Pence said the state will "fix" the Religious Freedom Restoration Act. David Frum: The false dichotomy between protecting religion versus protecting equality serves no one.
"Furious 7" is expected to gross $115 million or more when opening at the North American box office this weekend. It's the top showing ever for an April title, not accounting for inflation. "Furious 7" is likewise poised to the biggest opening of 2015 to date.
Lane Smith died in July after hitting his head. His wife asked a photographer to "play around" with their family photo. They found just the right picture of Smith looking over his family's shoulder.
Supporters of Indiana's religious freedom law say it's a copy of a federal law. Indiana's law expands the reach of the religious protections to include private companies.
The life-size bronze statue in Celoron, New York, has been likened to Conway Twitty. "My only goal is to have a sculpture of her in Jamestown which does her justice," group founder says.
Muhammadu Buhari, 72, won Nigeria's presidential election. He defeated incumbent Goodluck Jonathan by about two million votes. It's the first time in nearly 30 years that the opposition has defeated the ruling party.
Iranians erupted in celebration as young people waved flags from their sunroofs. The excitement came after a breakthrough nuclear deal with the United States and other world powers.
Dilkhayot Kasimov was added to a superseding indictment. He is accused of providing material support to terrorists and for some of the men to join ISIS.
The moon turns a copper reddish color during a total eclipse. The event is the third in a four-part series, known as a "tetrad"
Dozens of cities across Turkey lost power for hours on Tuesday. Millions of people were affected, including passengers stranded on paralyzed trains and subways. Turkey is tense and confused after years of back-to-back political crises.
McDonald's announced it would raise wages for 90,000 of its employees. Fight for a living wage is a moral issue, says Ajamu Baraka.
Gov. Jerry Brown: "The idea of your nice little green grass getting lots of water every day, that's going to be a thing of the past" The 25% cut in usage amounts to roughly 1.5 million acre-feet of water.
UK voters go to the polls Thursday in an election that could change the political landscape. Queen Elizabeth II is officially Britain's head of state, but she's only nominally in charge. British elections are typically viewed as a two-horse race.
Pope Francis: This Easter, let us pray with all the love of Christ for all those in harm's way. This Easter we reflect upon the words of a Christian who was himself beheaded for his faith alone.
Ferguson's top court clerk was fired in connection with the racist emails. Two police officers resigned and the city's police chief resigned after a scathing Justice Department report.
Two people have been arrested in Australia after at least 55 dog carcasses were found dumped in Queensland bush. Queensland Police Minister Jo-Ann Miller described the discovery of the carcasses as sickening. Australia's greyhound racing industry has been under intense scrutiny since a television investigation in February.
Owners of Memories Gourmet Pizza in Wisconsin are thrust into a national debate over Indiana's religious freedom law. "All of a sudden, our Facebook page started getting flooded," says Mike Premeau.
The complete skeleton of a camel thought to have been used by Ottoman troops has been found in Austria. The remains were uncovered by archaeologists exploring the construction site for a shopping center in the city of Tulln.
Andrew Getty's death "appears to be natural (causes) or an accident," coroner's official says. A female friend was at the home where Getty died and is cooperating with investigators.
Andreas Lubitz crashed Germanwings Flight 9525 into the French Alps on March 24, killing everyone on board. We need to build awareness and support for those who suffer from mental illness, says Sally Kohn.
This page includes the show Transcript. Use the Transcript to help students with reading comprehension and vocabulary. At the bottom of the page, comment for a chance to be mentioned on CNN Student News. You must be a teacher or a student age 13 or older to request a mention on the CNN Student News Roll Call.
Kamron Taylor, convicted murderer, is arrested in Chicago, sheriff says. He fled an Illinois jail after allegedly assaulting a guard, then taking off in his uniform. The sheriff doesn't believe Taylor will be able to escape jail again.
Prince Harry is due to arrive in Australia on Monday for a four-week stint with the armed forces. He has already spent time with Australian troops on a number of occasions, a spokesman says. The 30-year-old prince announced last month that he would be leaving the armed forces in June.
Two Florida corrections officers and one former officer trainee have been charged in a plot to kill a former inmate. An FBI informant met the men after infiltrating a branch of the KKK.
The eight-day round of talks in Lausanne was marked by a marathon run of meetings. Journalists were given coveted red badges, allowing them access to the hotel.
Al-Shabaab claims responsibility for the attack, according to the U.N. Assistance Mission in Somalia. Somalia's President calls it "an attack against the future of our country"
Prince Harry visits the Australian War Memorial in Canberra. He'll spend time with Australian troops in Sydney, Darwin and Perth. The 30-year-old prince announced he would be leaving the British Army in June.
Australia's foreign minister says the deal is "an informal arrangement" She says Iran was "very agreeable" to share intelligence. One Australian lawmaker describes the move as "dancing with the devil"
Official: Andreas Lubitz was "very afraid" he would lose his license to fly. "Work is continuing to establish the precise history of the flight," French agency says.
Conservationists had been tailing the Thunder since it encountered them in the Southern Ocean. The Thunder was issued with an Interpol "purple notice" for suspected fraud and fisheries-related crimes. The Bob Barker received a distress call from the Thunder early Monday, and rescued the crew.
One-third of Huntley High's students are enrolled in its blended learning program. The program combines Internet-based instruction with a traditional classroom setting. The school is also seeing higher standardized testing scores.
Kenya launches airstrikes on Al-Shabaab training camps in Somalia, military source says. Kenya's response to the university attack was adequate, foreign minister says.
Pope Francis calls for an end to bloodshed in Iraq and Syria. He asks that humanitarian aid get to those in need. He prays for peace in the Holy Land and in Ukraine.
Duke officials have asked anyone with information about the rope noose to call campus police. The incident is one of several recent racist events to affect college students.
Muhanad Mahmoud Al Farekh, 29, was deported from Pakistan to the United States. He's accused of plotting to fight against American forces abroad.
Houthi rebels seize the presidential palace in the southern Yemeni city of Aden, officials say. A Saudi border guard is killed in a cross-border fire exchange with militants in Yemen, state media report.
CNN's Zain Verjee is the only Gulf national in the CNN team. Verjee heads to the Al Marmoum camel race in Dubai. There are 14 races through the afternoon.
Charlie Hill is wanted in New Mexico for the 1971 killing of a police officer. He and two others hijacked a plane and took it to Havana, where they stayed for 19 days.
This page includes the show Transcript. Use the Transcript to help students with reading comprehension and vocabulary. At the bottom of the page, comment for a chance to be mentioned on CNN Student News. You must be a teacher or a student age 13 or older to request a mention on the CNN Student News Roll Call.
This page includes the show Transcript. Use the Transcript to help students with reading comprehension and vocabulary. At the bottom of the page, comment for a chance to be mentioned on CNN Student News. You must be a teacher or a student age 13 or older to request a mention on the CNN Student News Roll Call. The Weekly Newsquiz tests students' knowledge of events in the news.
Misao Okawa, 117, is the world's oldest person according to Guinness World Records. Okawa died Wednesday morning in Osaka, Japan.
The Missouri National Guard used highly militarized words to describe Ferguson protesters. The guard came to Ferguson to support law enforcement officers. The language is intensifying the concerns of some who objected to the police officers' actions.
Two suicide bombers detonated their car at the entrance of the building. Five gunmen then entered the building, shooting people inside. Somali special forces battled the gunmen inside, witnesses said.
Gregory Margolin, 87, was a Jewish recruit in the Soviet Red Army during World War II. After the war, he settled in Donetsk in Eastern Ukraine. This year, he found himself again surrounded by war.
More than 200 schoolgirls were kidnapped from their boarding school dormitories in the dead of night in Chibok, northeastern Nigeria. The girls are no different from your daughters, sisters, nieces: each has hopes and dreams of their own.
Norway is slated to become the first in the world to phase out radio entirely. Many in this nation of 5 million have already made the move.
A new study suggests the Brontosaurus belongs to its own genus. O.C. Marsh first named the Brontosaurus in 1879. The Yale Peabody Museum of Natural History has had a Brontosaurus skeleton since 1936.
Al Qaeda group offers $20K reward for capture of Houthi leader. Al Qaeda in the Arabian Peninsula is a bitter enemy of the Houthi faction. U.N. warns of "massive displacement" of Yemenis seeking safety.
"My flight is not a secret," Doug Hughes wrote in an online post titled "Your Pilot" Hughes' friend Michael Shanahan tells CNN that Hughes called him Wednesday morning.
Scores of dead fish have appeared in the Rodrigo de Freitas lagoon. Rio de Janeiro is set to host the 2016 Olympic Games. Officials have launched an investigation into the causes of death.
Anthony Ray Hinton spent nearly 30 years on Alabama's death row. Last week, his murder convictions were wiped clean. "It's going to take a little time, but I'll get used to it," he tells CNN.
Opinion polls show no clear winner in UK election debate. David Cameron, Ed Miliband, Nick Clegg, Nigel Farage and Leanne Wood took part. Nicola Sturgeon of the Scottish National Party scored high in the post-debate polls.
A New York judge says Facebook is an acceptable way to serve divorce papers. Ellanora Arthur Baidoo has been trying to divorce her husband for several years.
Italian physician Dr. Sergio Canavero says we are approaching HEAVEN. He hopes to get a green light for the first human whole head transplant in 2017.
In 2013, Anthony Stokes' family told media that an Atlanta hospital rejected him for heart transplant surgery. A week after Stokes' story made headlines, Children's Healthcare of Atlanta gave him a heart. On Tuesday, Stokes carjacked someone, burglarized a home, fired a shot at an elderly woman, police say.
147 are dead after Al-Shabaab militants attack a Kenyan university, an official says. Hundreds of students managed to escape, a CNN affiliate reports.
Congressman Elijah Cummings: "Did anybody recognize Freddie Gray when he was alive?" Gray's death from a severe spinal injury sparked widespread outrage toward the Baltimore Police Department.
Chef Rick Moonen: "The Meatrix: Relaunched" is an important benchmark in the evolution of the sustainable food movement. He says the quality of our food has been sacrificed at this supposed altar of necessity.
Dan Swangard, 48, was diagnosed with a rare form of metastatic cancer in 2013. He wants to be able to control when and how his life ends. Swangard is one of two doctors who have joined a California lawsuit seeking physician-assisted deaths.
Houthi rebels withdraw from the presidential palace and other key parts of southern city of Aden. Two humanitarian workers are killed while evacuating wounded people, Red Cross says.
Mitchelle Angela Blair, 35, is charged with murder and torture in the deaths of her two children. The bodies of Stoni Ann Blair, 13, and Stephen Gage Berry, 9, were found wrapped in plastic inside a freezer.
Wladimir Klitschko tells CNN's Human to Hero series he is shocked by the Ukraine crisis. Klitschko is the reigning IBF, WBA, WBO and IBO world heavyweight champion. The Ukrainian is seeking an impressive 18th consecutive title defense against American Bryant Jennings.
Michael Keaton hosted "Saturday Night Live" for the third time this weekend. He paid homage to his iconic roles in "Beejuicetle" and "Batman"
Kamron Taylor, 23, was convicted in February of murder in a botched robbery. He hid in his cell, then attacked a guard who was making his rounds, a sheriff says. He then escaped, taking the guard's uniform and keys, the sheriff adds.
Surveillance video appears to show Det. Ian Cyrus stashing cash in a bag. The detectives had arrested two employees for selling loose cigarettes, according to News 12 Brooklyn.
Hatton Garden is a storied area in London and the heart of the city's diamond trade. The area has been the epicentre of London's jewellery trade since medieval times.
April 27 marks the anniversary of the first post-apartheid elections in South Africa. Attacks against newcomers in South Africa are often reduced to attitudes of hate and resentment.
Frida Ghitis: Iran's defiance to halt its nuclear program has defined Ayatollah Ali Khamenei's era. Ghitis: If Iran can finalize a deal by June, international investors would be able to invest in Iran for the first time in decades.
The idea of sustainable development is that raw capitalism is too powerful for its own good, writes Andrew Hammond. Hammond: Sustainable development is a doctrine that says: Let us once again place the economy on a true moral foundation.
The U.S. is faced with a troubling reality -- we are far too reliant on Russian technology. It is bad policy to rely on others for critical national security requirements.
Malala Yousafzai: "We cannot imagine the full extent of the horrors you have endured" Malala: "We will never forget you. We will always stand with you"
Police raid a hostel in the Johannesburg suburb of Jeppestown. "This intervention is not an indictment on the police," the defense minister says. Seven people have been killed in recent violence against poorer immigrants.
A militant group called Jaish al Adal claims responsibility for the attack, Iranian state media say. The Pakistani government condemns the attack, calling it an "act of terrorism"
TripAdvisor's Travelers' Choice award names the top 10 islands in the world. Hawaiian island of Maui is the top U.S. island.
Director Gareth Edwards showed an early teaser for the movie. The movie won't begin shooting until this summer. "Rogue One" is scheduled to hit theaters December 16, 2016.
For many Iranians, the historic decision by Tehran and six world powers to continue nuclear negotiations is an indication that this year's Norouz will be a superb one. It paves the way for a much broader deal by end of June that guarantees the peaceful nature of Tehran's nuclear activities.
Two African-Americans were elected to the Ferguson City Council on Tuesday. One of the two will double the African-American representation on the council.
One Israeli citizen was killed and another injured in what police are calling a suspected terror attack. A 37-year-old Arab motorist from East Jerusalem struck two people standing at a bus stop.
Silver screen icon Lauren Bacall's art collection auctioned in New York. Collection includes works by some of the greatest artists of the 20th century. 750-piece collection fetched a total of $3.64 million.
Oleg Kalashnikov, a former member of parliament, was shot and killed in his apartment. A day later, journalist Oles Buzyna, 45, was killed near his home by shots fired from a dark blue Ford Focus.
Civil unions between people of the same sex will soon be recognized in Chile. The country joined several of its South American neighbors in allowing the unions.
After a century of development, half the Everglades is dead and the other half is on life support. The same Army Corps of Engineers that was ordered to rip the Everglades apart is under orders to help it heal.
ISIS militants have seized control of Yarmouk Palestinian refugee camp near Damascus, Syria. Yarmouk has been engulfed in fighting between the Syrian government and armed groups since December 2012. An estimated 18,000 refugees are now trapped inside Yarmouk.
Chinese cybercensors have developed a new IT weapon, a study published Friday says. The "Great Cannon" attacks Web servers with massive distributed denial of service attacks. It uses the Web browsers of unsuspecting Web surfers to do it.
Official: Andreas Lubitz had visited an eye doctor because of vision problems. Lubitz underwent psychotherapy before he got his pilot's license, prosecutor's office says.
"Anyone who thinks we will surrender is dreaming," rebel leader Abdul-Malik al-Houthi says. A top Saudi military official says airstrikes have weakened the Houthis.
Timothy McVeigh detonated a massive truck bomb in front of the Murrah Federal Building in 1995. The bombing took the country by surprise, authors say.
Charles Alasholuyi has been posting his daily #BringBackOurGirls photo on CNN iReport. He says he feels a moral obligation to continue doing so until the girls are returned. Alasholuyi says he believes in miracles and hopes his passion will bring them home safely.
LZ Granderson: Ted Cruz's "religious freedom" bill could lead to federal ban on same-sex marriage. Granderson: It's like asking a soldier to fight for your country in Iraq.
Al-Shabaab is a Somali group that the United States designated as a foreign terrorist organization in 2008. It wants to turn Somalia into a fundamentalist Islamic state, according to the Council on Foreign Relations.
University of Cape Town students took to social media to demand Cecil Rhodes' statue come down. #RhodesMustFall gained attention after activists threw excrement on the statue in March.
Syrian Observatory for Human Rights says death toll has doubled in a year. United Nations says half of all Syrians are in dire need of survival aid.
Ailina Tsarnaeva is the sister of Dzhokhar and Tamerlan Tsarnaev. Authorities allege the brothers are responsible for the 2013 Boston marathon bombing.
Police in Gaza seize a door bearing a graffiti drawing by British artist Banksy. The owner says he sold the door for just $175 U.S. Darduna says he sold the door to bring in some money to care for his six children.
Saudi source: Airstrikes have destroyed most of Yemen's air defense systems. Saudi foreign minister: "We are not warmongers.... But if war's drums are beaten, we are ready for them"
Holland beat Spain 2-0 at the Amsterdam Arena on Tuesday night. Stefan de Vrij and Davy Klaassen scored for Guus Hiddink's side. Spain midfielder Andres Iniesta was jeered by the home fans after entering the fray in the 76th minute.
Scotland face Georgia in a Euro 2016 qualifier on September 4. UEFA have opened disciplinary proceedings against the Georgian Football Federation. Play was halted twice at the Boris Paichadze Stadium on Sunday.
As of April 1, anyone can become a football agent as long as they pay £500 for an initial one-year registration period. established licensed agents were exempt. The FA is due to place a link on their website for intermediaries to register, but as of 1pm that was still not in place. FIFA recommendations include national associations registering only intermediaries of 'impeccable character'
CSKA Sofia goalkeeper Maksims Uvarenko has not been paid for three months. Uvarenko joined the Bulgarian club on an 18-month contract in January. The Latvian has had to ask his parents to send him money to pay his rent.
David Moore, 25, went berserk with road rage after leaving his home. He saw himself 'nose-to-nose' with Rafal Cegielka, 45, who was picking up his child. The pair had both wound down their car windows to exchange words. Moore then punched Mr Cegielka through his open car window. He then ripped away a fencing panel from a nearby garden and chased the victim's vehicle with it as he tried to drive off. Finally armed himself with the hockey stick from his home, and shouted: 'I'll f***ing kill him' in the street
Spain lost 2-0 to Holland at the Amsterdam Arena on Tuesday. It was Spain's third consecutive friendly defeat. Vicente del Bosque fielded a largely experimental side for the game.
Ulrike Berger, 44, barred from leaving country with daughter Kaia, 7. But on March 22, she is believed to have boarded a plane to Germany. Kaia's father dropped her off at her mother's Brooklyn home on March 21.
80 firefighters battled flames up to 35ft high at St Catherine's Hill nature reserve in Dorset yesterday. Fire investigators have confirmed the fire was started deliberately and three separate areas of heath - measuring half a hectare, one hectare and 70 hectares - were destroyed. Police are treating the fire as suspicious and have appealed for witnesses as they investigate what was used to start it. Two schoolboys, aged 14 and 15, are being held by police on suspicion of deliberately starting three fires.
Ambulance crews in London had answered 2,333 calls by 4am this morning while the Metropolitan Police said they had made 77 arrests. In Cambridge a Territorial Army field hospital was set-up to deal with drunk partygoers.
Simon Mignolet was dropped 'indefinitely' by Liverpool manager Brendan Rodgers in December. The Belgian goalkeeper quickly returned after Brad Jones sustained a thigh injury. Mignolet has been in impressive form since his return and has kept six consecutive Premier League clean sheets away from home.
Twitter user Arke USA from Bryant, Arkansas, filmed the ice balls peppering his backyard and noisily plopping into the swimming pool. Footage shows the hailstones coming down at speed, with many cracking as they hit the ground. Despite it being around 80-degrees, the compacted lumps prove resilient to the heat taking a good while to melt.
The Liana's Ransom lost power in rough seas off the coast of Maine on Monday morning. The 85-foot-long replica pirate schooner was on its first voyage of the season. Nine crew members were scooped up by Coast Guard life boats on Tuesday, leaving the Canadian charter ship adrift 30 miles east of Portland. Two lifeboat crews were dispatched from Gloucester, Massachusetts, to try and tow the vessel to shore, but 10-foot swells caused a tow line to break. The crew was ordered to put on immersion suits and abandon the schooner, according to a press release from the Coast Guard.
Incredible pictures have emerged of blue fluorescent algae lighting up Australia's east coast. The images were taken in Jervis Bay, the south coast of NSW, as the neon glow illuminated one of Australia's popular beaches. Photographer Andy Hutchinson described the sight as a 'beautiful supernatural scene' caused by millions of plankton. A similar display was shown in Sydney's Manly Beach back in August 2014.
Rahul Kumar, 17, climbed into the enclosure at Kamla Nehru Zoological Park. He ran towards the animals shouting: 'Today I kill a lion or a lion kills me!' Fortunately, he fell into a moat before staff could rescue him.
Incident happened in Nanchang, the provincial capital of Jiangxi in southeastern China. Boy’s father said: 'I don’t know how he fell out of the window but he said that he was sleepwalking'
Detroit Red Wings forward Drew Miller was left with a gruesome red wound that required 50 to 60 stitches to close along multiple layers of skin. The wound occurred during Tuesday's game between the Red Wings and the Ottawa Senators. Red Wings coach Mike Babcock said Miller will likely have a 'big-time scar' but expects him to return Thursday against Boston.
Filipe Luis signed a three-year contract when he moved from Atletico Madrid last July. The full back has struggled to make the left back position his own at Stamford Bridge. Atletico hope that may give them leverage, but Luis says he wants to stay.
Charlie Sumner ran topless on to the pitch during Reading's FA Cup win. The 20-year-old then performed a series of flips on the Madejski pitch. Footage of his antics went viral and he faces a potential three-year ban. Sumner said going to his first game was a 'brilliant experience' and has no regrets.
Terrifying footage shows the moment a van carrying football supporters starts weaving from side-to-side on a busy road. The packed vehicle is seen veering across both lanes of the road before crashing down on to its side. About half a dozen people were sitting on the roof of the vehicle when it toppled on to one side at high speed.
John Peacock's Young Lions are the defending European champions. They defeated Holland on penalties in last year's final in Malta. Scotland have been placed in Group C alongside Greece, Russia and France.
Wildlife creature was relaxing in the Kruger National Park in South Africa with its family by a small pool of water when the bull approached. In a gesture captured on camera, the African elephant squirts the bull with water stored up its trunk to get it to leave.
Michael Thorpe, 55, was convicted of showing a Premier League game in 2006. Said he could not afford to pay Sky TV's rates for matches at his pub. Opted instead to show matches on Albanian channels he thought was legal. But he was convicted, fined and ordered to pay costs eight years ago. Judge has now upheld his appeal and overturned the conviction. Mr Thorpe says the long-running dispute has cost him his pub business.
Windsor Park suffered overnight damage to its West Stand on Monday. The Irish Football Association is awaiting a report from structural engineers. Northern Ireland host Romania in a Euro 2016 qualifier on June 13.
Charlie Sumner, 20, staged a one-man pitch invasion at Reading's Madejski Stadium. Reading fan did four front flips on the pitch, landing on his back each time. He was tackled by stewards during FA cup quarter final replay with Bradford. Sumner is now facing a potential three-year ban for carrying out the stunt.
Hina Shamim killed as she walked to library close to University of Kingston. 21-year-old was knocked down before car careered into double decker bus. Driver, 34, arrested on suspicion of causing death by dangerous driving. Eight others, including five children, were injured in horror crash last night.
The pair were caught on camera at Langham Creek High School, in Houston. The mother, who has not been identified, was reportedly angry with the girl because she had allegedly been bullying her daughter. At one point the student's hair extension is ripped out as she cries out in pain.
Stoke goalkeeper Asmir Begovic has just over 12 months to run on his current deal. Chief executive Tony Scholes is hopeful they can keep hold of him. Begovic has regularly been linked with other clubs during his time at Stoke.
A bus driver was caught reading a newspaper while driving in Auckland. A passenger filmed the driver and sent the video to bus company Ritchies Coachlines along with a complaint. Ritchies Coachlines boss Andrew Ritchie said he was embarrassed by the 'idiot' driver's actions.
Winston Reid has been out of action since injuring his hamstring in a 1-0 defeat by Chelsea on March 4. Reid returned to full training during the international break. Enner Valencia missed West Ham's last two games against Arsenal and Sunderland following a bizarre toe injury suffered at home in mid-March.
College sweethearts Brittany Huber and John Redman were involved in a deadly car crash just days before their wedding last May. The bride to be was killed on impact and the groom was left clinging to life. Redman survived but was left with a broken skull and broken ribs. He was told he would likely spend the rest of his life in a wheelchair. Eleven months later, the Dalton State College assistant basketball coach helped lead his team to its very first championship title.
Lucas played 90 minutes in Sunday's All-Star charity game at Anfield. The midfielder is hoping to take advantage of Steven Gerrard's absence. Liverpool face Arsenal in the Premier League on Saturday.
Japanese photographer Yki Aoyama's latest series of images capture teenagers pictured next to their fathers leaping into the air. In each picture the daughter looks directly into the camera smiling while her father pulls a dramatic pose. The images are said to be part of a book which roughly translates as Daughter and Salary Man.
Police hunting a man aged between 50 and 60 suspected of robbing a bank. Robbery took place at 12.30pm at a Lloyds Bank branch in Fairwater, Cardiff. Detectives have issued CCTV images of the suspect wearing black clothing.
Morocco were banned from the next two African Cup of Nations tournaments. The North African nation pulled out because of Ebola fears. The ban was imposed by the Confederation of African Football. The Court of Arbitration for Sport has now lifted the ban.
Jason Denayer has impressed on loan at Celtic this season. The 19-year-old recently won his first Belgium cap in a Euro 2016 qualifier. Tom Boyd believes Denayer can make an impact at Manchester City.
Andros Townsend scored England's equaliser in their 1-1 friendly draw with Italy in Turin on Tuesday night. The Tottenham Hotspur winger silenced the critics with his wonder strike. Townsend has yet to reach the heights he scaled when he first burst onto the international scene.
Wanda Group formalise purchase of 20 per cent of Atletico Madrid. The deal was initially announced in January. Chairman Wang Jianlin hopes to grow Atletico's brand in Asia.
England and Italy drew 1-1 at the Juventus Stadium on Tuesday night. Graziano Pelle had given Italy the lead in the first half. Andros Townsend's long-range effort 11 minutes from time secured England a share of the spoils. Antonio Conte reportedly received death threats from Juventus fans.
Ian Murray reckons a supposedly easier run-in can swing second place Hibs' way ahead of Rangers in the last month of the Championship season. Stuart McCall's men have the momentum at present - beating Hibs and Cowdenbeath while Alan Stubbs' men also lost to Raith. Rangers still have two matches to play against title winners Hearts, including Sunday's match at Ibrox.
Liverpool goalkeeper Simon Mignolet has returned from international duty with Belgium. Mignolet was included in the match-day squad for both of their Euro 2016 qualifiers against Cyprus and Israel. Chelsea stopper Thibaut Courtois was preferred to Mignolet in both games.
Chyknell Hall Estate is set in 200 acres of land near Bridgnorth, Shropshire, and boasts 11 bedrooms, tennis court and stables. Its centrepiece, the 11-bedroom Chyknell Hall, was built in 1814 and has only changed hands twice since. Estate, described as 'pinnicle of the residential tree', offers 57 acres of woodland and more than 500 acres of adjoining sporting rights.
Two college campus police officers in Dallas have been placed on administrative leave after shocking video footage surfaced of them harassing a group of four students and arresting one after first hitting him. The incident occurred at El Centro College and was captured on cell phone by student Charles Adams, who was smoking a cigarette when he witnessed the abuse at first hand last Wednesday. The college has said it is seeking an opinion from the Texas attorney general and isn't releasing the police report because the subjects in the incident are minors.
Gary Locke has been given the job on a permanent basis. The 39-year-old has signed a three-year deal at Rugby Park. Locke took over at Kilmarnock after Allan Johnston quit in February.
Borussia Dortmund and Bayern Munich have shared the last five Bundesliga titles between them and Bayern are set to continue their domestic domination this term. This time, however, the two giant antagonists of the German game meet with 31 points and nine positions separating them in the standings. Dortmund are now only five points from the top six having climbed their way from the foot of the table to 10th.
Deva Joseph, 14, was reduced to tears at London Stansted airport. She was told she would not be allowed to take her flight home to Spain. She offered to pay for the second item to be put in the hold but was told only credit cards would be accepted.
Gordon Robson, 26, was pallbearer at grandfather's funeral. He got into an argument with John Potts outside a sports bar. Fighting broke out and Mr Potts, 45, stepped in to stop it. Robson punched him in the back of the head so hard there was an 'audible crack' Robson admitted manslaughter and was jailed for three-and-a-half years.
Ellen White scored for Notts County against Arsenal in Women's Super League. Free kick in 26th minute was executed perfectly from training ground. White also missed a penalty which would have made it 2-0.
The girls aged between 16 and 18 are being taught knife-fighting techniques. They are being taught by former special forces solider Inspector Tan. The knives, which have retractable blades, are not real and pose no danger.
A study has outlined that 30 percent of Australians complain about their lack of sleep on a daily basis. The average adult needs around eight hours of sleep per night. Any less than six or any more than ten hours is unusual for the standard person. Professor Hillman advises 20 minute power naps to avoid falling into deep sleep.
The clip was uploaded to Facebook today. It shows an angry woman unleashing a racist tirade over her fence at a group of men who appear to be of African descent. The woman then appears in her neighbour's front yard brandishing a metal crowbar, verbally abusing the men and swinging the weapon at them. The men then pick up their own weapons and a scuffle breaks out. After a second tussle,she appears to be struck in the forehead, with blood visibly pouring down her face.
Jose Luis Gaya has been linked with a move to Real Madrid. Manchester City, Arsenal and Chelsea are all interested in the 19-year-old. Gaya has represented Spain up to under 21 standard.
Police in Oregon are enlisting the help of the public to identify a mystery motorcyclist who saved the day after Edward West, 59, allegedly threatened two teens with a handgun. The boys say they didn't get a good look at the rider, but the Marion County Sheriff's office is asking the public to help identify the friendly neighborhood motorcyclist.
Ron Vlaar returns from injury for Aston Villa's trip to Manchester United. Tim Sherwood has urged his captain to prove his worth to the club. The 30-year-old is out of contract in the summer.
Randy Lerner is understood to be in detailed discussions with a prospective buyer. Tim Sherwood is fully focused on steering his side to safety. Aston Villa are three points above the relegation zone in 16th. They face Manchester United at Old Trafford on Saturday.
Jason Denayer is currently on loan at Celtic from Manchester City. The 19-year-old has impressed for the Scottish club this season. But Manuel Pellegrini has admitted that City are looking to invest in homegrown talent.
Fraser Forster suffered a serious knee injury against Burnley. The England goalkeeper has undergone surgery and will be out for months. Kelvin Davis will deputise for Forster until the end of the season. Ronald Koeman would not be drawn on whether Southampton will sign a new keeper in the summer.
Robert Tesche opened the scoring for Birmingham City in the 27th minute. Clayton Donaldson doubled the hosts' lead in the 43rd minute. Matt Derbyshire pulled one back for Rotherham United in the 48th minute.
Virgil van Dijk has been in fine form for Celtic this season. But he has never been rewarded with a call-up to the Holland national team. Van Dijk's last call-up came last year though he has never been capped by his country.
Celtic face Inverness in Scottish Cup semi-final at Hampden on April 18. North and South stands tickets will cost £23 for adults and £15 for concessions. East Stand tickets will cost £15 for adults and £5 for concessions.
The Ibrox outfit will be forced to delist from the Alternative Investment Market (AIM) after being unable to secure a new nominated advisor (Nomad) to meet regulations. Murray insists the new board’s plans for the future will be unaffected.
England were held to a 1-1 draw with Italy in Turin on Tuesday night. The Three Lions went behind to Graziano Pelle's header in the first half. Andros Townsend equalised for Roy Hodgson's side in the second period. Wayne Rooney said he and his team-mates were upset by their first half performance.
Dundee United have hit back at criticism from two leading supporters' groups. Arabtrust and the Federation of Dundee United Supporters Clubs say they are'shocked' that 25 per cent of £6.3million worth of transfer fees were paid in commission to unnamed parties. The supporters groups also disputed chairman Stephen Thompson's alleged level of investment in the club.
Gary Locke will be confirmed as Kilmarnock's permanent manager on Friday - exactly eight weeks after he was asked to take charge until the end of the season. An announcement will be made by the Rugby Park club on Friday morning, with the former Hearts boss being given a three-year deal. Locke replaced Allan Johnston on a caretaker basis in February.
Mai Zizhuo has been shooting hoops since he was two and a half years old. His incredible skills have won him legions of fans across basketball-mad China.
David Alaba is out for around seven weeks with a torn knee ligament. The Bayern Munich left-back was injured playing for Austria on Tuesday. Alaba had been in superb form for Bayern since his return from injury.
Dane Tilse will join Hull KR from Canberra Raiders on a two-and-a-half-year deal. Raiders have agreed to release the 6ft 7in forward. Tilse will link up with former Raiders team-mate Terry Campese.
Livingston face Alloa in the Petrofac Cup final on Sunday. Darren Cole was left heartbroken after the death of his cousin in America. Shaun Cole, 22, was found dead in a Miami street last weekend.
WARNING: GRAPHIC CONTENT. Alan Smith suffered a broken leg and dislocated ankle during Manchester United's FA Cup fifth round exit against Liverpool nine years ago. Reports circulated that Liverpool fans attacked Smith's ambulance. Smith has denied that fans threw bottles, beer glasses and stones at the vehicle.
Celtic are considering a £400,000 bid for Hearts captain Danny Wilson. The defender is out of contract at the end of the season. Celtic boss Ronny Deila wants to keep hold of Virgil van Dijk and Jason Denayer.
Ronny Deila says Celtic won't be travelling as much in pre-season. Celtic lost 4-1 to Legia Warsaw in Champions League qualifying last season. Deila says he has the blessing of chief executive Peter Lawwell.
Franck Ribery and Arjen Robben's contracts at Bayern Munich run out in 2017. Wolfsburg's Kevin de Bruyne has been linked with a move to the club. The 23-year-old has scored nine goals and made 16 assists this season. But Bayern's Franck Ribery says De Bruyne is not the right type for the club.
Davon Durant, a promising linebacker at Arizona State University, was arrested on domestic violence charges March 7. His girlfriend of 18 months, Kelsi Langley, claimed that he hit her in the face and grabbed her neck during an argument in his car. On Tuesday, Langley held a press conference declaring that she lied about the assault because she was jealous.
One little boy was lucky enough to meet Justin Verlander, pitcher for the Detroit Tigers, under those same, once-in-a-lifetime, circumstances. Verlander snapped a selfie in front a little boy wearing a dark blue shirt with Verlander's name and jersey number, 35, on the back.
Eden Hazard was substituted 62 minutes into Belgium's win over Israel. The Chelsea playmaker questioned manager Marc Wilmots after the game. Wilmots admitted he may not have replaced Hazard had he known his side would be down to 10 men. Hazard has played 48 games for club and country this season.
Police discovered 20 grams of marijuana hidden within a leg of lamb. The slab of meat was found by police in the Northern Territory. It is believed the lamb had been shipped to a company at Darwin Airport. The stash would have been worth $2000 if it had been sold.
Clarke Carlisle says he has'moved out of the marital home' in Yorkshire. The 35-year-old father-of-three stepped in front of a 12-ton truck in December. He suffered cuts, bruises, internal bleeding, a broken rib and a shattered knee. The incident has left the ex-Burnley defender with scars all over his body.
England drew 1-1 with Italy in a friendly in Turin on Tuesday night. Andros Townsend came off the bench to score the equaliser. Paul Merson had criticised Townsend's call-up to the England squad. The Sky Sports pundit admitted he was wrong to criticise Townsend.
Cesc Fabregas captained Spain in their 2-0 defeat by Holland on Tuesday. The Chelsea midfielder was one of Spain's worst players on the pitch. The 27-year-old's form has dropped off in the second half of the season. Fabregas has just four assists in 15 appearances for club and country. CLICK HERE for all the latest Chelsea news.
Five men and one woman were detained at approximately 8am this morning. Four of the men, all in their 20s, are from Birmingham, West Midlands. A 26-year-old man and a 23-year-old woman of no fixed abode were also held. They are currently being questioned at a police station in the West Midlands area.
Britons spend an average of £62 a week on rewarding themselves. Treats can range from a bar of chocolate to a glass of wine. Men spend a third more a month than women on treating themselves.
Greg Dyke has proposed increasing the number of homegrown players in a Premier League squad of 25 from eight to 12. Arsenal have signed Tomas Danilevicius, Igor Stepanovs, Kaba Diawara, Sebastian Squillaci, Andre Santos, Amoury Bischoff, Park Chu-Young, Marouane Chamakh, Philippe Senderos, Denilson, Manuel Almunia and Johan Djourou. There is nothing in Dyke’s proposals to stop Mesut Ozil, Alexis Sanchez and Santi Cazorla playing for Arsenal.
QPR striker Charlie Austin signed for the club on transfer deadline day. But club captain Joey Barton ignored him on his first day at the club. The pair have since become good friends and Barton invited Austin to dinner. Austin has scored 15 goals in the Premier League this season.
The black pooch was filmed in action as he took a rescue rope out to his owner at the Clarence J. Brown Dam and Reservoir in Springfield, Ohio, on Saturday afternoon. Footage shows the unidentified man then being hauled to shore by firefighters after spending almost two hours in waters hovering around zero degrees Celsius.
Juventus are 14 points clear at the top of Serie A with 10 games left. If they win the league, it will be a fourth straight Scudetto for the club. Allegri replaced Antonio Conte last summer and has led Juve to success.
Bradley Johnson scored the only goal of the game in the 62nd minute. Norwich move up to 11th in the Championship table with the win. The Canaries have lost just once in their last 12 games in all competitions.
In 2009 the town of Celoron, N.Y., unveiled a statue of Ball with a face so unlike the beloved comedian that locals have reacted with shock and horror. The depiction is so unflattering a Facebook page called 'We Love Lucy! Get Rid of this Statue' has attracted more than 600 likes. Artist Dave Poulin has declined comment.
South Sydney hooker Issac Luke will be investigated by the NRL. The 27-year-old posted a homophobic remark on social media in response to attacks from Canterbury Bulldogs fans. The post prompted an immediate backlash on social media with some labelling the response 'grubby' and 'disappointing' But many others have defended Luke's comment, saying it was a 'lovely gesture' to find the injured fan.
The spine-tinging video was captured in Wangaratta, northeast Victoria. The driver sprays his car with insect repellent, forcing a huntsman spider to reveal itself from under the door handle. ‘That’s the creepiest thing ever,’ he says between yelling expletives.
Mauricio Pochettino has compared Harry Kane to Gabriel Batistuta. Batistuta was an Argentina international who also played for Roma. Pochettino says he will be there to help Kane when things don't go to plan.
Former footballer Michael McIndoe fronted a £30million investment scheme. He lured fellow footballers into the scheme with promises of huge returns. But the scheme collapsed amid mounting debts and he was declared bankrupt. The footballer - known as 'Mr Big' in Marbella - is now surviving on handouts.
Juventus director Pavel Nedved has revealed that Barcelona are interested in signing Paul Pogba. The Frenchman has been ruled out of action until May with a hamstring injury. Juventus have been drawn against Monaco in the Champions League quarter-finals.
James Oliver, 48, was left with a serious leg injury after being allegedly hit by a car driven by Linda Currier, 53. Police report that they found Oliver in the driveway of a home in Noblesboro, Maine, on Saturday night.
Liverpool were linked with a move for Fiorentina goalkeeper Neto in January. The 25-year-old's contract expires in June and he looks set to leave. Agent Stefano Castagna claims PSG and Real Madrid are also interested.
The $50,000 sports car swerves wildly before smashing into the concrete median. A wheel even comes off before the car finally comes to a halt. Police have said that a 31-year-old driver was cited for the crash.
Sunderland host Newcastle United at the Stadium of Light (Sunday 4pm) Lee Cattermole will return after serving two-match ban. Massadio Haidara will miss rest of season after undergoing surgery.
Rory McIlroy has released a video chronicling his journey from playing the back greens as a youngster to conquering the golfing world. The video features an interview with McIlroy as a youngster before he became a golfing superstar. Old footage of McIlroy honing his golfing skills in his parent's living room feature during the video. The World No 1 heads to Augusta hoping to complete a full set of major titles.
Sergio Garcia insists he is focused on winning his first PGA Tour title since 2012 at this week's Shell Houston Open. The 35-year-old finished third 12 months ago but went on to miss the cut at Augusta. Garcia and Texas native Jordan Spieth are the only players in the world's top 10 left in the field.
Riki Hughes, 31, stole £17,000 from Tidworth Town Football Club. He claimed to be making rent payments to the club's landlord. But the team was actually getting its property for free. He spent the money on himself, including a stag trip to Las Vegas.
Johnny Sexton will return to Ireland in the summer after two years in France. Sexton has helped Racing Metro reach the knock-out stages of Europe’s elite event for the first time. The 29-year-old is often acclaimed as the world’s premier fly-half.
Mustafa Kamal accused India of influencing the outcome of the World Cup quarter-final between Bangladesh and India. Kamal criticised the umpires over a disputed no-ball against India batsman Rohit Sharma. Kamal said he spoke as a fan, and not the president, but International Cricket Council chief executive Dave Richardson termed the criticism as 'unfortunate'
Leicester City host West Ham in the Premier League on Saturday. Nigel Pearson has been involved in a number of controversial incidents. However, Sam Allardyce has defended Pearson and says he is 'his own man'
Sunderland host Newcastle at the Stadium of Light on Sunday. The Black Cats have won the last four Tyne-Wear derbies. Sunderland are currently 18th in the Premier League table.
Stoke City have lost all eight games they have played Chelsea at Stamford Bridge. Potters boss Mark Hughes says his side must end that run on Saturday. Stoke forward Jonathan Walters is expected to shake off a calf knock. Marc Muniesa is set to return to the squad after missing five games.
Papiss Cisse is Newcastle's top scorer this season with 11 goals. He has scored 10 of those in changing games in the Magpies' favour. Cisse is currently serving a seven-game ban after clashing with Jonny Evans.
Sunderland host Newcastle United in the Premier League on Sunday. Dick Advocaat confirmed Lee Cattermole will definitely start the game. The midfielder has missed the last two games through suspension. The 27-year-old enforcer has reached 10 bookings for the season.
This week UEFA confirmed their ‘cash cycle’ for the next three years of European competition. The last time Celtic reached the Champions League group stage, in 2013-14 when they faced AC Milan, Ajax and Barcelona, they won one match and earned £12.6m. If they reach the last 16, the figures crash through the £20m barrier.
Burnley host Tottenham at Turf Moor in the Premier League on Sunday. Spurs defender Ben Davies will go up against team-mate Sam Vokes. Davies was part of the Wales team which beat Israel 3-0 in their Euro 2016 qualifying tie.
Steve Thompson has been suspended by Leeds United until the end of the season. The Whites took two months to appoint Thompson as assistant manager. Manager Neil Redfearn is considering his future at Elland Road.
Newcastle have lost the last four North-East derbies against Sunderland. John Carver says he will use a whip to motivate his players on Sunday. Dick Advocaat will take charge of his second game as Black Cats boss.
David Templeton has praised Stuart McCall's impact at Ibrox. The winger says the new training methods are superior to the old ones. Templeton also singled out the change in formation and intensity.
Lionel Messi should be fit to face Celta Vigo after recovering from a foot injury. The Barcelona forward has been training following a minor problem. Celta Vigo forward Nolito has declared that Messi should head to the beach.
Danny Wilson has been linked with a move to Celtic in the summer. But manager Robbie Neilson says he will not be sold unless it is the right move for the club. Hearts have already secured promotion to the Scottish Premiership.
Raheem Sterling is yet to sign a new contract at Liverpool. Sam Allardyce believes a new deal could upset the other Liverpool players. The West Ham boss feels Sterling is worth more than his current £35,000-a-week salary.
Blackpool are in talks to sign Austria defender Thomas Piermayr. The 25-year-old had been playing for Colorado Rapids. Piermayr had a spell with Inverness Caledonian Thistle in 2011.
Tony Pulis said West Brom has 'gone off the rails' in recent seasons. The Baggies almost got relegated under Alan Irvine last season. Pulis wants to do extensive business in the summer transfer market.
Ian Wright says he would be sad to see Theo Walcott leave Arsenal. Walcott's contract at the Emirates expires next summer. Liverpool are interested in signing the England winger. Wright says Arsene Wenger should have moved Walcott inside. CLICK HERE for all the latest Arsenal news.
Ross Barkley has had an indifferent campaign for Everton this season. But Roberto Martinez believes the midfielder is ready to kick on again. Barkley impressed after coming off the bench during England's 1-1 draw in Turin. Martinez insists guaranteeing safety is still their only immediate target.
Sean O'Driscoll's team needed to beat France to qualify. But goals from Sehrou Guirassy and Gnaly Cornet put the hosts in command. Patrick Roberts pulled one back for the Young Lions late on. But there was no late drama as England's European ambitions faded.
Jonas Gutierrez has been a substitute in each of Newcastle's last three games. The 31-year-old is hoping to celebrate his return to first-team action with a much-needed derby victory over Sunderland. Gutierrez last played in the derby in April 2013 as Sunderland ran out 3-0 winners at St James' Park.
South Sydney Rabbitohs sealed a final minute 18-17 victory over Canterbury Bankstown Bulldogs at ANZ Stadium in Sydney on Friday night. But fans turned on referee Gerard Sutton and his colleagues after they penalised Bulldogs captain James Graham in the final minute. As referees, officials and players made their way off the field and towards the tunnel after full time, a section of the crowd started hurling plastic water bottles and abuse at them. Sideline interchange official Darren Alchin has been taken to hospital with a suspected broken shoulder after he slipped to avoid being hit with bottles as he fell to the ground. Canterbury chief executive Raelene Castle
Kevin Sinfield will quit rugby league at the end of the season. Sinfield will join Yorkshire Carnegie on an 18-month contract. Castleford coach Daryl Powell has warned Sinfield he will be a 'target'
Raheem Sterling admits he is not ready to sign new Liverpool contract. The 20-year-old wideman has been offered a £100,000-a-week deal. Sterling has managed just six goals this season - one less than Jon Walters.
Brighton are the first club to provide training and counselling to its youth players. The Protect, Inform and Prevent (PIP) programme aims to explain when consent can be said to have been given, in law. Four Brighton players were cleared of sexual assault charges in 2013.
The clip was filmed by the creative agency Leo Burnett Toronto for the homeless charity Humans For Humans. Many of the people break down in tears as they read comments like, 'I hate the homeless, I don’t feel sorry for you,' and 'I saw a homeless girl across the street. I almost vomited'
George Boyd has clocked up 210.5 miles on the pitch this season. The Burnley winger has run the distance between Turf Moor and Selhurst Park in less than 40 hours of playing time. Christian Eriksen is second in the list, just 0.4 miles behind Boyd. Burnley have three players in the Premier League's top 10 runners.
The child's father, 25, and mother, 25, from Perry Barr, Birmingham, were held after their daughter died yesterday afternoon. Police were called to their home just before 1am yesterday morning because the baby was said to be suffering breathing difficulties.
Raheem Sterling has put contract talks on hold until the end of the season. Brendan Rodgers described the £100,000-a-week offer as 'incredible' Sterling has been linked with Arsenal and leading clubs in Spain.
Anderson and Otacilio Neto were sent off in Internacional's 1-1 draw with Ypiranga Erechim on Wednesday night. Anderson shoved Neto off the ball and Neto retaliated by elbowing him. Fabricio was also shown a red card for aiming his middle fingers at fans.
The boy was attacked by two youths when he went to buy some food. He suffered 30 per cent burns to his body and is being treated in hospital. The incident took place in a suburb of Mumbai, police said today.
Dug was hiking with owner Lindsay Castro in Fontana, Canada. They heard a rattle and Dug ran up to the reptile to get it. He was bitten in the face and his face ballooned to twice its size. Rushed to hospital where he was given an entire vile of venom. After two days of IV fluid and treatment, he is ready to go home.
Jose Mourinho left Real Madrid in 2013 amid reports of bust-ups. The Special One rejoined Chelsea and has since led his team to the brink of another title. But former Madrid defender Alvaro Arbeloa says Mourinho could return. Arbeloa says Mourinho left on good terms and is happy in London.
Liverpool lost 4-1 to Arsenal in the Premier League on Saturday. Brendan Rodgers admitted his side are unlikely to finish in the top four. Mario Balotelli was not included in the squad to face the Gunners.
Inter Milan were held to a 1-1 home draw by bottom-of-the-table Parma. Roberto Mancini was furious with his players' attitude. He has cancelled their Easter Sunday off and ordered them into training.
Paul Parker's old passport was listed on eBay for £5,000 earlier this month. The listing was ended on Tuesday but the seller was open to offers. Parker played for Manchester United and England between 1991 and 1996.
Paddy Morrall noticed the full-length Christ on a snapped scaffolding board. The 31-year-old builder, from Keighley, near Bradford, has kept the board. Comes two days after a shop assistant spotted image of Christ on a hot cross bun.
Slovakia beat Czech Republic 1-0 in a friendly in Zilina. Ondrej Duda scored the winning goal in the 49th minute. The win continues Slovakia's excellent recent form.
Karim Benzema posted a video of him singing along to Tupac's 'Check Out Time' The Real Madrid forward has scored 20 goals in all competitions this season. Benzema boldly stated earlier this week that he can win the Ballon d'Or award during his career.
Tycoon Harvey Boulter has given £30,000 to the Ukip candidate fighting Fox in his Somerset seat. Boulter is also spending another £30,000 to try to defeat Tom Tugendhat, who is standing for the Tories in Tonbridge and West Malling, Kent. Fox resigned from Cabinet in 2011 after Boulter revealed details of how Fox’s close friend, businessman Adam Werritty, accompanied him on overseas trips.
Sergiu Bus opened the scoring for Sheffield Wednesday in the 86th minute. Substitute Ishmael Miller equalised for Huddersfield in the 89th minute. The result leaves Huddersfield without a win in their last seven games.
Stuart Dallas scored twice as Brentford beat Fulham 4-1 on Good Friday. The 23-year-old was signed by Mark Warburton for £70-a-week three years ago. The winger spent three months on loan at Northampton this season.
A new Facebook graph reveals the favorite baseball teams in the country by sorting through people's likes and breaking down winners by county. The New York Yankees and Boston Red Sox come in first and second respectively in terms of the number of people who claim them as their favorite. Also making a very impressive showing are the Texas Rangers and Atlanta Braves, who have fans across a wide area in the South.
Trey Moses, a senior at Eastern High School in Louisville, Kentucky who will play for Ball State next year, asked Ellie Meredith to be his date to the prom. He surprised her with a bunch of flowers and a sign reading: 'Let's Party Like it's 1989' - a reference to an album by Taylor Swift, Ellie's favorite singer. The 6ft9 basketball star committed to Ball State in September after receiving 12 scholarship offers.
'This is Barack Obama. Happy April Fools' Day. Frank learned it from me,' he said. Obama attempted to copy the deep voice and South Carolina accent of the fictional Commander-in-Chief, played by Kevin Spacey.
Ludovic Obraniak was taken to hospital with a suspected heart problem. The 30-year-old was substituted during Caykur Rizespor's match against Fenerbahce. Fenerbahce went on to win the game 5-1 to go top of the Turkish Super Lig.
A 1973 E-Type Jaguar was involved in a head-on collision with a 4WD. Three people were taken to hospital as a precaution. The $120,000 Jaguar was written off in the crash.
Passers-by compare this behaviour to carrying a bomb on their backs. It has been reported as early as May 2011 in Zibo city in Shandong. Some suggest this is a way for the locals to save money on transportation.
Tiger Woods has not appeared on the PGA Tour since February 5. He has taken a leave of absence in a bid to return to form. Woods played 18 holes at Augusta on Tuesday and is said to have returned.
The 44-page document was commissioned by BBC executives. They then hired an agency to research how smiley faces could be used. Designers were also told to make graphics for the faces of stars. Corporation used them during an 'Emoji Budget' article last month.
Moses Kipsiro raised allegations that a coach has been sexually abusing female runners, some as young as 15. Kipsiro is a regular training partner of British long-distance running legend Mo Farah. The Ugandan distance runner successfully defended his Commonwealth Games 10,000m title in Glasgow last year.
Patrick Kluivert was assistant to Louis van Gaal at the 2014 World Cup. He is now coach of Caribbean side Curacao in World Cup qualifying. Curacao beat Montserrat 4-3 on aggregate to progress to second round.
Brady Eaves, 18, was filmed at a party in Florida last week. He is the stepson of former Mississippi governor candidate John Arthur Eaves Jr. He has been withdrawn from the University of Mississippi and submitted for mental health tests, his mother and stepfather told DailyMail.com. Phi Delta Theta, the fraternity he belongs to, condemned his actions and expelled him from the organization.
Kumar Sangakkara retired from limited overs cricket at the World Cup. The 37-year-old will continue playing Tests for Sri Lanka. Sangakkara will play for English county side Surrey this season.
Dougie Fife, Alasdair Dickinson and Ross Ford were all rested for last week's Guinness Pro12 26-15 win over Scarlets. The trio have been recalled by head coach Alan Solomons for the Madejski Stadium clash with the Exiles. Solomons has named his strongest XV for the game.
Chris Ramsey praised Tony Pulis ahead of QPR's clash with West Brom. Pulis was linked with the QPR job after Harry Redknapp's departure in February. QPR are 19th in the Premier League, four points adrift of Sunderland.
Silhan Ozcelik, 18, went missing from her north London home last October. She is accused of travelling to Stuttgart, Germany, to join Kurdish rebels. The teenager is charged with engaging in preparation for terrorist activity. Protestors gathered outside the Old Bailey to voice their disapproval.
Leicester City are currently bottom of the Premier League table. Esteban Cambiasso signed for the Foxes on a free transfer last summer. Cambiasso won five Serie A titles at previous club Inter Milan.
Manchester City won the Premier League last season after going top with one game to play. City overtook Liverpool with one match to go before being crowned champions. Chelsea are currently six points clear at the top of the table with a game in hand.
Hull City owner Assem Allam wants to change the club's name to Hull Tigers. The move angered fans who believed they had won the battle to keep their current name. An arbitration panel has ruled that owner Allam can make another application to change the name.
Swansea City host Hull City at the Liberty Stadium (Saturday 3pm) Winger Jefferson Montero is a late doubt for the Swans. Mohamed Diame and James Chester will both return to the Tigers squad. Nikica Jelavic and Robert Snodgrass remain sidelined for Steve Bruce's side.
John Bramblitt developed epilepsy at the age of 11 and slowly lost his sight. The 42-year-old artist discovered his love of painting 12 years ago. Mr Bramblitt uses a special technique to create images just by touch.
Chelsea host Stoke City at Stamford Bridge (Saturday 5.30pm) Diego Costa may not be risked following a hamstring injury. Stoke forward Jonathan Walters is expected to shake off a calf knock. Marc Muniesa is set to return to the Stoke squad after missing five games.
Rangers host Hearts at Ibrox on Sunday. Stuart McCall wants to win one visit from an Edinburgh club this season. The Tynecastle side won 2-1 on their previous trip to Ibrox last August.
Celtic won 2-0 away at St Mirren in the SPL on Friday night. James Forrest and Stefan Johansen scored the goals for Ronny Deila's side. St Mirren remain rooted to the bottom of the table.
Charles Piutau has agreed a two-year deal with Ulster from 2016. The New Zealand international can play full back, wing or centre. Piutau has won 14 caps for the All Blacks.
Fiorentina beat Sampdoria 2-0 to go fourth in Serie A. Alessandro Diamanti and Mohamed Salah scored for Fiorentina. Miralem Pjanic's goal gave AS Roma a 1-0 win over Napoli.
Juventus beat Empoli 2-0 to maintain their 14-point lead at the top. Roma strengthened their grip on second place thanks to a 1-0 win over Napoli. Miralem Pjanic's 15th-minute goal was enough to earn Rudi Garcia's men all three points. Inter Milan left the San Siro to a deafening chorus of boos from the home fans after they were held to a 1-1 draw by rock-bottom Parma.
Kevin de Bruyne has become one of the hottest prospects in European football. The Wolfsburg midfielder is wanted by a host of clubs in the summer. De Bruyne's agent Patrick De Koster has denied a deal has been agreed.
Swansea City host Hull City in the Premier League on Saturday. Garry Monk's side have yet to pick up a point after an international break. The Welsh club are currently in eighth place in the table.
Ronaldo is a co-owner of second tier United States side Fort Lauderdale Strikers. The former Brazil striker says he 'would pay out of his own pocket' to sign Lionel Messi. Ronaldo believes the lifestyle on offer in America appeals to the elite calibre of players.
George North has been knocked unconscious three times in recent months. The Wales wing will miss Northampton's European Champions Cup quarter-final at Clermont Auvergne after his latest head injury. North left the field unconscious after scoring the second of two tries in Saints' 52-30 win over Wasps. Wasps forward Nathan Hughes protested his innocence but on Tuesday was banned for three weeks.
Chelsea sit top of the Premier League ahead of facing Stoke City on Saturday. Cesar Azpilicueta says the Blues have been top of the table since 'day one' Jose Mourinho's men have only briefly relinquished the title lead since their impressive 3-1 win over Burnley at Turf Moor on August 18.
Mohamed Diame will make his long-awaited return for Hull City on Saturday. The £3.5m midfielder has been out for four months with a knee injury. Steve Bruce's side are just three points above the Premier League drop zone.
Toby Alderweireld has been on loan at Southampton this season. The Belgian defender will return to Atletico Madrid when his loan ends. Atletico sporting director Jose Luis Perez Caminero confirmed the news. CLICK HERE for all the latest transfer news with our live updates.
Tom Carroll picked up the injury playing for England Under 21s last Friday. He scored the winning goal as England triumphed 1-0 in Prague. Carroll has made 18 appearances for Swansea since joining last summer.
Franck Ribery says he has no chance of playing against Borussia Dortmund this week. The Bayern Munich winger limped off against Shakhtar Donetsk. But Ribery is hopeful he could be back for the German Cup quarter-finals against Bayer Leverkusen.
Philipp Lahm has made a full recovery from a broken ankle. Pep Guardiola will be without Franck Ribery, Arjen Robben and Javi Martinez. David Alaba is likely to be out for the rest of the season with a knee injury.
Sean Dyche has improved Burnley's fortunes since taking over in 2012. Michael Duff believes Dyche could one day take charge of England. The 37-year-old has played in eight different divisions before finding himself taking on the likes of Manchester United.
Harry Kane made his senior England debut against Italy last week. Roy Hodgson has confirmed the Tottenham striker will be in Gareth Southgate's squad for the tournament in the Czech Republic this summer. Kane is also set to travel to Australia and Malaysia this summer.
Alvaro Morata joined Juventus from Real Madrid for £15.8million last summer. Spain international has scored seven goals in 22 Serie A matches this season. Madrid have a buy back option on the forward but he wants to stay in Italy.
More than 30 Premiership and Championship games will be hit by disruption. Trains out of London Euston to and from Birmingham, Manchester and Liverpool will be hit. No trains from Paddington to Swindon, Bristol or Cardiff and further disruptions on lines from London Bridge. Shadow transport minister accuses ministers of failing to learn from past mistakes.
Brentford beat local rivals Fulham 4-1 in the west London derby. Stuart Dallas scored twice for Brentford, with Alan Judge and Jota also on target. Brentford remain firmly in play-off contention with six games to go.
The final set of televised fixtures for the 2014-15 Premier League season has been announced. Chelsea vs Liverpool on May 10 and Manchester United vs Arsenal on May 17 are arguably the standout games from the live batch. The TV schedule for the final day of the season will be announced at a later date.
Quick Silver P-51D Mustang has been painstakingly restored by father-and-son team Bill and Scooter Yoak. The P-51, nicknamed The Resurrected Veteran, was pieced together by Bill Yoak, who did all the metal work by hand, and is flown by Scooter. Originally built in 1945, the plane was among scores of long-range, single-seat bombers rolled out during World War Two.
The company that owns Brazil's World Cup stadium in Natal is up for sale. Grupo OAS is suffering from cash flow problems following a corruption scandal. The company also owns the 50 percent share it owns of the Fonte Nova arena in Salvador.
13 U.S. senators have written to FIFA urging them to remove Russia as World Cup host. The lawmakers believe Russia's role in the Ukraine crisis and occupation of Crimea should not be taken lightly. England are interested in bidding for Euro 2028 but are unlikely to bid for the 2026 World Cup.
Helicopter crashed into a house in the Carapicuiba area of Sao Paulo. Thomaz Alckmin, son of Sao Paulo governor Geraldo Alckmin, one of the victims. Aircraft was making a test flight after exchange of a main rotor blade. Three mechanics, as well as the pilot, were among the dead.
Millwall beat Charlton 2-1 in the Championship on Good Friday. Jos Hooiveld scored a late winner after substitute Magaye Gueye cancelled out Alou Diarra's opener for the Addicks. Charlton's Chris Solly was sent off for handling the ball in the box. Stephen Henderson saved Lee Gregory's penalty to keep the score level.
Car shape originally designed to help French farmers transport their sheep to market now accounts for two in every three cars sold in the UK. It is just as popular across the world from Munich to Mexico City thanks to its practical design, economy and comfort. The Renault 16 was unveiled to the public with the launch of France’s Renault 16 in April 1965.
Juan Arango's Tijuana were losing 4-3 to Monterrey with seconds left. Arango went up to Jesus Zavala and bit him on the shoulder. The incident was reminiscent of Luis Suarez's bite on Giorgio Cheillini.
Paul Merson criticised Andros Townsend's call-up to the England squad. Townsend scored for England in their 1-1 friendly draw with Italy. Townsend hit back at Merson on Twitter after Tottenham's 0-0 draw with Burnley.
Cristiano Ronaldo scored five goals in Real Madrid's 9-1 win over Granada. He has 36 league goals for the season - more than half of Europe's top teams. Stoke City, Newcastle United, West Bromwich Albion, Hull City, Aston Villa, Sunderland, Queens Park Rangers, Burnley and Leicester City have fewer league goals than him.
England face Italy in a friendly at the Juventus Stadium on Tuesday night. Roy Hodgson's side are currently top of their Euro 2016 qualifying group. Sportsmail's top team of reporters have submitted their starting line-ups.
Jamie Shaul's long-distance try was enough for Hull to beat St Helens. The result condemns St Helens to a third straight defeat. Hull bounced back from Thursday's derby defeat to Hull KR.
La Liga strugglers Almeria have appointed Sergi Barjuan as their new manager. Barjuan replaces Juan Ignacio Martinez, who was fired on Sunday. Almeria are in the relegation zone after failing to win in seven straight matches.
'Way of the Cross' walks took place in Ohio, Pennsylvania and over the Brooklyn Bridge. Good Friday commemorates the crucifixion and death of Jesus Christ. There is no celebration of Mass on Good Friday, which many people fast on and abstain from meat.
England fans sang anti-IRA songs during Tuesday's friendly draw with Italy at the Juventus Stadium. Frankly, it is embarrassing to listen - a stain on our usually good-natured and good-humoured travelling supporters. It also places a strain on the FA ahead of June’s friendly with the Republic of Ireland in Dublin.
'John' who is reportedly a builder posted the advert in Muswell Hill. It details his requirements and offers 'a way of life with quality' The post has since gone viral after being spotted by a passer by.
Helsinborg manager Henrik Larsson forced to play 42-year-old Daniel Andersson in goal on Saturday. The former Celtic and Barcelona striker had no option but to play Daniel Andersson with goalkeepers Par Hansson and Matt Pyzdrowski out injured. Andersson kept a clean sheet as Helsinborg drew 0-0 against Kalmar.
Salford Red Devils ended a run of 17 defeats in a row by Wigan Warriors. Ben Jones-Bishop scored a spectacular solo try to end Wigan's run. Weller Hauraki and John Bateman were sent off two minutes from time.
Alan Pardew called Manuel Pellegrini a 'f***ing old c**t' back in 2014. The touchline spat occurred during a Premier League match between Newcastle and Man City at St James' Park. Pardew was warned about his behaviour by the FA and wrote to Pellegrini to apologise for the offensive name he called him. The Crystal Palace boss believes he has the ability to manage one of England's top sides.
Crystal Palace host Manchester City at Selhurst Park (Monday 8pm) Marouane Chamakh and Fraizer Campbell remain Crystal Palace's only injury doubts. Yaya Toure is fit for City but James Milner could miss out. Click here for all the team news, odds and stats for Crystal Palace vs Manchester City.
Joe Hart insists Manchester City are still in the Premier League title race. City are nine points behind leaders Chelsea with eight games to play. City face Crystal Palace at Selhurst Park on Monday night.
Former All Black Mils Muliaina has been bailed after being arrested on suspicion of sexual assault. The 34-year-old was arrested last night after Connacht's defeat by Gloucester. He was held in cells overnight before being questioned for more than six hours by detectives in Cardiff yesterday. Muliaina has 100 caps for the All Blacks and retired from international rugby in 2011.
QPR beat West Brom 4-1 in the Premier League on Saturday. Chris Ramsey's side are just three points adrift of safety. QPR travel to Aston Villa on Tuesday night.
Lydia Ko shot a 2-over 74 on Saturday in the ANA Inspiration. It was her second straight over-par round after tying the LPGA Tour record for consecutive rounds under par at 29. The 17-year-old New Zealander has had at least one birdie in all 187 of her rounds in 49 career events on the tour.
Arsene Wenger has yet to decide whether to offer Abou Diaby a new contract. Diaby made his latest comeback from injury in a practice game on Wednesday. The midfielder has made just 22 appearances in the last five seasons. Diaby has suffered 42 injuries during his Arsenal career, keeping him out of action for a total of 226 weeks.
The last tournament before the Masters is proving quite a show-stopper. Jordan Spieth attracted criticism for giving up on university and joining the PGA Tour as the 809th ranked player in the world. Spieth, only 21, has since risen to number four in the world.
Aston Villa host Queens Park Rangers at 7.45pm on Tuesday. Tim Sherwood is without Alan Hutton, Scott Sinclair and Ashley Westwood. Eduardo Vargas and Yun Suk-young are out for QPR with knee injuries. QPR have not won back-to-back away games in the Premier League since September 1995.
Kim Sei-Young leads ANA Inspiration by three shots. South Korean shot a three-under-par round of 69 on Saturday. Stacy Lewis is second after she shot a 68. Lydia Ko shot her second consecutive over-par score, carding 74.
Tiger Woods has dropped out of the world's top 100 for the first time in almost 19 years. Woods has won the Masters on four separate occasions with his last win coming in 2005. Colin Montgomerie has said it would be fantastic to see a fully fit Woods go up against Rory McIlroy.
Luis Suarez and Daniel Sturridge scored 52 Premier League goals between them last season for Liverpool. Raheem Sterling, Jordan Henderson and Steven Gerrard have scored six goals each this season, compared to 84 at the same stage last term. Only Crystal Palace and Sunderland have top scorers with fewer Premier League goals than Liverpool this term.
Serena Williams beat Sabine Lisicki 7-6, 1-6, 6-3 on Wednesday. The world No 1 recorded her 700th career victory at Crandon Park. Williams will face Romania's Simona Halep for a place in the final.
Andy Murray has urged British tennis players not to complain about Aljaz Bedene's move to represent Great Britain. Bedene is ranked No 83 in the world and could play for Great Britain in the Davis Cup. Murray says British players questioning the move should work on their world ranking.
South Korea's Kim Sei-young has a two-shot lead at ANA Inspiration. Lydia Ko's record-equalling run of 29 rounds under par came to an end.
Nick Scholfield has been lined up to ride Spring Heeled in the Grand National. Scholfield had been expected to partner Paul Nicholls-trained Sam Winner, who was pulled up in the Cheltenham Gold Cup. Scholfield has ridden in six Nationals and finished third in 2013 on Teaforthree.
Novak Djokovic came from a set down to beat Alexandr Dolgopolov. The world number one will face David Ferrer in the quarter-finals. Andy Murray and Kei Nishikori also through to the last eight.
Tries from Hallam Amos, Nic Cudd, a penalty try plus penalties from Tom Prydie and Dorian Jones brought the Dragons back from a big deficit to victory. The draw could not have set-up a more mouth-watering Welsh clash. The away trip to either London Irish or Edinburgh is the reward for the victors.
Police in Rhein Erft, Germany received a bizarre phone call about a kangaroo. They assumed it was an April Fools prank and dismissed the call. They discovered that the call was serious and found the animal in a field. It is believed that the animal's fencing was damaged due to severe storms.
TV hosts stood by unaware that philanthropist Hugh G. Rection made a generous donation of $32.38. Twitter users were quick to identify the blunder. The Royal Children’s Hospital’s Good Friday Appeal managed to rake in over $17.1 million.
Spain's Carla Suarez Navarro came back from a dreadful first set to defeat three-times Miami Open champion Venus Williams. Suarez Navarro set up a semi-final clash with Germany's ninth seed Andrea Petkovic. Petkovic booked her place in the last four after a 6-4, 6-2 win over 14th seeded Czech Karolina Pliskova.
Alfonso Thomas has agreed to coach Delhi Daredevils in the Indian Premier League this month. Somerset's new limited-overs captain is still recovering from a broken ankle. Thomas will take up the short-term coaching appointment with Delhi until April 16.
George Ford, Dave Attwood, Jonathan Joseph and Anthony Watson all return to the scene of the 19-9 defeat by Ireland which halted another Grand Slam crusade. Leinster host Bath in the Champions Cup quarter-final on Saturday.
Andy Murray beat Dominic Thiem 3-6, 6-4, 6-1 to reach Miami Open semis. Murray was awaiting the winner between Tomas Berdych and Juan Monaco. Thiem lost in the second round of a Challenger event to soon-to-be Brit Aljaz Bedene.
Sim Bhullar is set to become the NBA's first player of Indian descent. Bhullar is set to sign a 10-day contract with the Sacramento Kings. The 7-foot-5, 360-pound centre will be on the roster on Friday.
Rangers have been de-listed from the London Stock Exchange. Chairman-in-waiting Dave King failed to find a new nominated advisor. Rangers welcome newly-crowned Scottish Championship winners Hearts to Ibrox on Sunday.
Moeen Ali hurt himself during England's failed World Cup campaign. He was therefore not available when the selectors chose the Caribbean squad. James Tredwell and Adil Rashid are current spinning options.
Arsenal beat Liverpool 4-1 at the Emirates Stadium on Saturday. The win was Arsenal's seventh in a row in all competitions. Manager Arsene Wenger is convinced things are finally coming together.
Hugo Lloris is out injured for Tottenham's trip to Burnley on Sunday. Michel Vorm will deputise for the Spurs goalkeeper at Turf Moor. Mauricio Pochettino has praised the Dutchman's attitude.
Celtic striker Leigh Griffiths tucks into a biscuit on the substitutes bench. The Bhoys beat St Mirren 2-0 on Good Friday night. Ronnie Deila has a strict diet regime for his players.
Porto have made £440million from player sales in the last 11 years. Since winning the Champions League in 2004 the Portuguese champions have made a habit of selling on players for huge profits. The majority of these deals have involved South Americans. Nineteen of the 29 players featured in the table below have South American backgrounds.
Lionel Messi faces tests to see if he can play against Celta Vigo. The Barcelona star missed Argentina's games during the international break. Messi's injury was the result of a tackle by Manchester City's Martin Demichelis, according to ESPN. Manchester City and Chelsea are interested in Valencia's Jose Luis Gaya.
River Plate vice president Matias Patanian admits club 'dream' of signing Radamel Falcao. Manchester United striker has struggled on loan at Old Trafford. The 29-year-old has scored just four Premier League goals.
Liverpool boss Brendan Rodgers failed to make it as a professional footballer despite leaving Northern Ireland for England at the age of 16. The 42-year-old believes the memory of not making it has helped him to give the likes of Raheem Sterling and Jordon Ibe their break in the first team. Rodgers was captain of Reading's youth team when he was 16.
Golden State Warriors beat Los Angeles Clippers 110-106. Stephen Curry scored 27 points and Klay Thompson had 25. San Antonio Spurs beat Miami Heat 95-81 in Tony Parker's 1,000th game.
Jamie Carragher flew out to Spain to watch his son play in the Mediterranean International Cup. The tournament features over 200 clubs from 36 countries. Carragher watched James Carragher's Liverpool U12s draw 1-1 with CE Mercantil.
Newcastle United host Sunderland at St James' Park on Sunday. The Magpies are not in danger of relegation but their season has faded. Sunderland are the country’s most out-of-form side and, unless new boss Dick Advocaat can reverse what is a sorry slide towards the bottom three, they will be back in the Championship come August.
James Rodriguez will start for Real Madrid against Granada on Sunday. Carlo Ancelotti said Rodriguez has shown in training he is 'fine' Rodriguez has scored 12 goals in 33 games since joining Real Madrid.
Thiago came on for Philipp Lahm as Bayern Munich beat Borussia Dortmund 1-0 on Saturday. It was the Spanish midfielder's first appearance in over a year. He suffered a serious knee injury against Hoffenheim in March 2014. Thiago admits he is still far from full fitness but wants to get back in the side.
Kevin Theophile-Catherine has been on loan at St Etienne this season. The French club have an option to make the deal permanent for £1.5m. Theophile-Catherine wants to see if there are other options before committing.
Salford Red Devils beat Huddersfield Giants 18-12. Josh Griffin scored a try and kicked three goals for Salford. Carl Forster's try and Griffin's penalty made the game safe.
Salford half-back Rangi Chase faces the threat of a four to eight-match ban. Chase was charged with making a Grade E dangerous throw on Good Friday. Salford went on to beat Huddersfield 18-12.
Andros Townsend has had more ups and downs than most players experience in their careers. The Tottenham and England winger has already had more ups and downs than most players experience in their careers. 'We are indebted to Andros – he is a game-changer,' said England manager Roy Hodgson.
The game was stopped for eight minutes after a flare was thrown from the stand housing visiting fans. Widnes maintained their focus to run out 30-10 winners. Warrington's losing run is their worst since 2009.
England's delayed flight home from Turin landed at Manchester Airport on Wednesday afternoon. Wayne Rooney, Joe Hart, Chris Smalling, Phil Jones, Ross Barkley, Michael Carrick, Fabian Delph and Jack Butland were among those leaving. Andros Townsend, Harry Kane, Kyle Walker and Ryan Mason touched down at Luton Airport on Wednesday afternoon. The trio were joined by Southampton's Nathaniel Clyne as they said their goodbyes to England team-mates Gary Cahill and Nathaniel Clyne.
Wigan Warriors beat St Helens 12-4 in the First Utility Super League. Dom Manfredi, Louie McCarthy-Scarsbrook and Joe Burgess scored tries for the home side. The result avenges October's Grand-Final defeat by Saints.
Theo Walcott scored five out of 10 for his performance against Italy. Wayne Rooney, Andros Townsend and Ross Barkley all scored seven. Antonio Conte and Graziano Pelle receive high praise for their display. Manchester City midfielder Yaya Toure continues to be linked with Inter Milan.
Castleford Tigers face Warrington Wolves on Easter Monday. Reigning Man of Steel Daryl Clark will take on his former team-mates. Clark left the Tigers at the end of last season.
Raheem Sterling said he is not yet ready to sign new £100,000-a-week contract. The England international's comments have fuelled speculation he will leave. But Brendan Rodgers said Sterling is still young and'sometimes makes mistakes' Rodgers added that Liverpool were a'superpower' in world football and didn't have to sell their star assets.
England ace Joe Hart has lavished praise on Gianluigi Buffon. Buffon won his 147th cap against England on Tuesday night. Manchester City goalkeeper Hart also claimed his 50th cap.
Graziano Pelle scored Italy's equaliser against England on Tuesday. Southampton striker has not scored in the Premier League since December. The 29-year-old arrived from Feyenoord at a reported cost of £9million.
A 22-year-old woman broke both her legs, a 60-year-old man suffered broken ribs and internal bleeding while a 23-year-old woman also broke her leg and a 33-year-old man possibly broke his arm. The Easter Show's chief operating officer Michael Collins told Fairfax the slide 'runs way too fast in the wet' and that's why it was closed as soon as the weather turned.
Saints were simply obliterated by the formidable Top 14 giants. Noa Nakaitaci scored two tries before half-time. Nick Abendanon capped a masterful display with a break-away try.
Zara Tindall, 33, joined Rob Edmond for the end of his barrel-pulling challenge. The former Biggest Loser trainer rolled the barrel 517 miles from Perthshire to Wiltshire. Tindall pretended to pull her husband Mike while striking a pose for the cameras.
Raheem Sterling has been linked with a move to Manchester City. Manuel Pellegrini says the club will have to buy young talent. But the Manchester City boss urges patience for now. City have been linked with Jack Wilshere and Ross Barkley.
National Union of Teachers expected to call for vote on industrial action this weekend. Members will be asked to consider funding shortages in schools. Last time teachers across the country went on strike was in July.
Arsenal tried to sign Nuri Sahin back in 2005 when he was a teenager. His family didn't want him to move to England so he stayed in Germany. The 26-year-old is now back at Borussia Dortmund. Click here for all the latest Arsenal news.
Antonio Nuez was said to be arguing with the woman at his home. He allegedly grabbed the gardening tool and drove it into her behind. The woman pepper sprayed him and ran to a neighbor who called 911. Nuez will be charged with aggravated assault.
Kevin Sinfield will quit rugby league at the end of the season. Sinfield will join Yorkshire Carnegie on an 18-month contract. Former Leeds and England coach Tony Smith admits he was shocked by Sinfield's decision to switch codes.
Residents of Beckley Club Estates in Dallas, Texas, say they saw a man approach a male peacock, who was in the middle of its mating ritual and had unfurled its full plumage, before quickly snatching him up. Footage from the home of Lisa Solis shows the thief grab the animal by both its claws before shoving him in his black SUV.
Bizarre pictures were taken at Kiev Zoo by Ukranian photographer Vadym Shevchenko. He said the tortoise seemed very determined even if he was unsuccessful.
Farmer captures moment a duckling groomed a lamb's woollen coat. Lamb named Winter stands very still with its head lowered towards the baby duck. Duck begins pecking away at the lamb's head and neck as if grooming its coat.
The bunker was designed and built especially for government officials as the Cold War intensified in 1951. Site was chosen because the wooden area surrounding the building afforded it secrecy and the house was built with five foot thick concrete walls. However, the building fell into disrepair in the years following the end of the Cold War and was left to ruin. Now it has been transformed into a contemporary luxury home, complete with a swimming pool, a stunning atrium and a magnificent glass staircase.
CCTV footage shows the thieves in action at the Shell fuel stop along Ygnacio Valley Road in Walnut Creek. One man distracts a cashier at the window while another leads a cable from the back of a white pickup to the ATM. Once the cord is attached, the vehicle in the background speeds off and uprooting the ATM from its mount.
Tyler MacNiven, who won the ninth season of The Amazing Race, filmed a save the date video for his upcoming wedding. The three-minute clip shows MacNiven and his fiancee Kelly Hennigan saving 'the date' as they wash up on shore and fight friends disguised as villains. The couple's wedding will be on September 26, 2015.
Alliss, 84, said legislation has prompted decline in women’s membership. Some clubs had previously only allowed female members if they played restricted times in return for a discounted membership fee. Equality Act 2010 ruled this was illegal discrimination. Women must now have equal access to the course and pay the same membership rates as men.
Manchester City lost 2-1 to Crystal Palace in the Premier League on Monday. Manuel Pellegrini's side are nine points adrift of leaders Chelsea. The last four managers to win the Premier League have all left their jobs by the following year – three sacked and one retired.
Arsenal host Liverpool in the Premier League on Saturday afternoon. Gunners captain Per Mertesacker will give a team talk live this weekend. A journalist asked Arsene Wenger if that was the case during the press conference. Wenger was informed that the story was an April Fools' joke.
Leighton Baines and Luke Garbutt paid a visit to Alder Hey Children’s Hospital on Wednesday. The Everton pair handed out Easter eggs to young patients. Baines hailed the 'unbelievable strength and character' of the children.
Oscar posted a picture on Instagram of him drinking from a bottle of sweets. The 23-year-old has been linked with a move away from Stamford Bridge. Juventus scouts were present at the Stade de France to watch Oscar.
Carlisle United lost 3-1 at Accrington Stanley in League Two. Manager Keith Curle has launched a scathing attack on his players. The Cumbrians are without a win in five games in all competitions.
Yaya Toure was part of a five-man wall when Jason Puncheon stepped up. Crystal Palace took the lead through a Puncheon free-kick. Jamie Carragher felt Toure did not do enough to prevent the winner.
Charlie Sumner, 20, staged a one-man pitch invasion at Reading's Madejski Stadium. Reading fan did four front flips on the pitch, landing on his back each time. He is now facing a potential three-year ban for carrying out the stunt. Sumner said he had no regrets and that his family had'seen the funny side'
Mesut Ozil posted a picture on Twitter relaxing with his dog. The Arsenal playmaker was back in London after the international break. He is expected to start against Liverpool at the weekend. Ozil has been in fine form since returning from injury this year.
Lionel Messi suffered a blow to his right foot in Barcelona's 2-1 win over Real Madrid last month. The Argentine didn't feature in either of Argentina's recent friendlies. Barcelona travel to Celta Vigo in La Liga on Sunday.
FA chairman Greg Dyke was given a £16,000 watch as a gift at the World Cup. Dyke initially refused to hand his back but has now relented. Watch will now be auctioned for a Brazilian charity. Dyke will make a personal donation to Breast Cancer Care.
Tyler Walker scored his first senior goal for Nottingham Forest against Brentford. The 18-year-old attacker is the son of former England defender Des Walker. Forest boss Dougie Freedman believes Walker has a bright future.
Peter Alliss said equality for women has 'b*****ed up the game for a lot of people' Broadcaster said the BBC should have done more to secure rights. He said he had 'thought about leaving' the BBC but would not work for Sky.
Amanda Beringer asked her brother Brad Fraser to make a toast at her wedding at Eagle Bay, south of Perth. Far from a conventional toast, Mr Fraser performed a song which poked fun at the burdens of marriage. The crowd erupted into a standing ovation at the end of the performance.
David Luiz went off after 35 minutes of PSG's 3-2 win over Marseille. The Brazilian defender pulled up with a hamstring injury. Reports suggest the 27-year-old will have scans on Monday.
John Daniel Tohill, 37, was last heard from by family in 2005. He left Nelson on the Tasman bay to travel north. On Tuesday evening his brother Tobias received a call from John saying he had would be visiting in the coming weeks.
YouTube videos show Noah Monte perfectly balancing on the palm of his father's hand as he's lifted through the air. Bystanders are heard laughing in the background as they watch the tot in action.
Lucy Garrod, 27, wore contact lenses for 12 years with no problems. One day she woke up with an itchy and irritable right eye. She feared she would not be able to carry on with her photography degree. But she learned to take photographs with her left eye and passed with first class honours.
The critters were filmed at Indiana's Indianapolis Zoo after getting a makeshift backboard and hoop installed in their pen. Footage shows them inquisitively inspecting the piece of sports apparatus and standing tall on their back legs.
A video uploaded by YouTube user Shkesi shows a baby girl mesmerized by a toy mothering hen. As the plush bird bounces up and down and pops out an egg, the infant can barely believe her eyes.
The freak weather event took place in Siberia’s third largest city, Krasnoyarsk. A video maker captured the storm engulfing the Kommunalnyi Bridge. The storm moved at a speed of 45mph and engulfed the bridge in seconds.
Fritz the Golden Retriever from California was filmed wearing bunny ears. Slow-motion footage shows him licking lips and enthusiastically leaping up. But despite his best efforts, the egg narrowly misses his jaw and hits the grass. Defeated Fritz is then seen hanging his head low, with bunny ears falling to ground.
Loushanna and Shawn Craig had gone to Tenerife for a three-day break. Mr Craig had his wallet stolen with her biometric ID and bank cards inside. She claims she has the right documentation to prove she was allowed to return. But Ryanair staff refused to fly her home over fears she was an illegal immigrant.
Fay Purdham, 27, and Christopher Dodd, 24, grew up together as boys. The pair lost touch as teenagers and Christopher moved away with his family. Soon after Fay began taking hormones, she underwent gender reassignment surgery. The pair reunited at a party years later and are now planning their wedding.
Rory McIlroy is bidding to win a fifth major and complete a career grand slam. The world No 1 is the bookies' favourite to win the Masters at Augusta National. Sir Nick Faldo voiced concerns about McIlroy's fitness regime. The three-time Masters winner gave the world No 1 a squeeze on his shoulder.
Incident took place in the sky over Russia's Dmitrov district. Balloon collides with transmission tower and plummets to the ground. Instructor and two passengers hospitalised with cuts and bruises.
Graeme McDowell has made the cut just twice in seven attempts at the Masters. The Northern Irishman finished 17th in 2009 and 12th in 2012. McDowell has vowed to play 'aggressive' golf to improve his record.
Tiger Woods has not won a major since the 2008 US Open. The 39-year-old is returning from a self-imposed break from golf to recover from injuries and a dip in form. Woods completed 11 holes of practice at Augusta National on Monday.
Notts County have appointed Ricardo Moniz as their new manager. The Dutchman pulled out of the running due to 'family reasons' at the end of March. Moniz has six games to save Notts County from League Two relegation.
Villagers in Alderholt, Dorset, awoke on Sunday to find chocolate eggs on doorsteps. Residents described the Easter gesture as'such a lovely gesture'
Ben Crenshaw will stand in for Arnold Palmer in the par-three competition. The 85-year-old will still act as honorary starter on Thursday. The winner of the par three contest has never gone on to win the tournament proper in the same year.
Dundee United have lost seven of their last nine matches in all competitions. Paul Hartley's side are attempting to register their first win in a derby this season at the fourth attempt. Dundee are without a win in three matches themselves, following up their defeat to Ross County with 1-1 draws against Aberdeen and Inverness.
Aston Villa host Queens Park Rangers in the Premier League on Tuesday. Rangers will leapfrog Villa if they win at Villa Park. Chris Ramsey was Tim Sherwood's closest lieutenant at Tottenham last season. Ramsey has vowed to make contact with his former boss ahead of the game.
Tomas Berdych beat Juan Monaco 6-3, 6-4 in the Miami Open quarter-finals. The Czech will now face Andy Murray in a rematch of their Australian Open semi-final. Murray won the four-set encounter in Melbourne in January.
Roger Federer posted a picture of himself posing with a snowball. The World No 2 was wearing the scarf of FC Basel, the football team he supports. Federer opted not to appear at the Miami Open this year as a matter of 'physical preservation'
Exeter will face Gloucester in the semi-final of the European Challenge Cup. The Chiefs outscored their opponents six tries to one at Sandy Park. David Ewers, Thomas Waldrom, Byron McGuigan, Sam Hill and Dean Mumm went over for the home side.
Lewis Ferguson was mucking out the stables as usual at Paul Nicholls’ yard on Thursday morning. His double somersault horror fall from the favourite Merrion Square in the 4.20pm at Wincanton on Wednesday has been watched hundreds of thousands of times online. The 18-year-old was back riding out and said he was undeterred from getting back in the sadal.
An Australian goanna has been filmed swallowing a whole rabbit in under a minute. The reptile swings its neck back and forth as it battles to swallow the catch. Goannas, which come from the monitor lizard family, are found throughout most of Australia.
The Mail on Sunday can reveal Saracens’ mounting debt has topped £40m — the most in rugby history. The rising costs facing the club are also a concern, with the wage bill leaping more than 50 per cent in three years. Saracens chairman Nigel Wray has dismissed rugby’s salary caps rules as ‘a farce’
England face West Indies in a Test series starting in April. Liam Plunkett is fighting for a place with Chris Jordan and Mark Wood. Plunkett has recovered from a minor ankle complaint in Yorkshire's pre-season trip to Abu Dhabi.
Martin Guptill has not represented New Zealand at Test level since 2013. Paceman Matt Henry has been called up to the Test squad for the first time. James Neesham will miss the tour because of a hamstring injury. Daniel Vettori retired after New Zealand's seven wicket loss to Australia.
Jonathan Trott was picked for this three-Test tour after fighting his way back into contention. The 33-year-old has been impressive in not only addressing the personal demons which led to his departure from Brisbane but also scoring the weight of runs needed to demand a recall. Alastair Cook admits England will not be totally sure if Trott can handle the mental demands of international cricket.
Alastair Cook feared Jonathan Trott's international career was over 18 months ago, but feels he is now ready to face the 'pressure cooker' once again. Trott dramatically left the Ashes 2013/14 trip after just one match. The 33-year-old struggled with what was initially labelled a'stress-related condition' and later diagnosed as situational anxiety.
Ben Gibson made his Yorkshire debut against Durham University in 2011. The 19-year-old wicketkeeper said it was a 'difficult decision' to retire. Yorkshire's director of cricket development Ian Dews said it was a'very much his decision'
The world endurance championship is getting rid of the grid girls. The FIA-backed series is adopting a more progressive stance. 'For me that is the past. The condition of women is a little bit different now,' said WEC chief executive Gerard Neveu.
Jonathan Trott has been out of the England set-up since last winter. The batsman took a break with a stress-related illness. Dr Steve Peters worked with Trott and gave him the tools to rebuild his career.
Surrey have signed Australia all-rounder Moises Henriques. Henriques will join after the Indian Premier League season. The 28-year-old will play as cover for Kumar Sangakkara.
Louis Smith won pommel horse silver and team bronze at London 2012. The 27-year-old has been selected for the European Championships. Max Whitlock, Kristian Thomas, Sam Oldham and Daniel Purvis also selected.
John Higgins defeated Judd Trump 5-4 at the China Open. The veteran Scotsman will now face Ding Junhui in the quarter finals. World No 1 Mark Selby beat David Gilbert 5-2.
West Brom host Queens Park Rangers at The Hawthorns (Saturday 3pm) Craig Dawson suspended after red card wrongly given to Gareth McAuley. Mauro Zarate returns to parent club West Ham squad. Darnell Furlong likely to miss out with calf problem.
Jonas Gutierrez made his first start for Newcastle in 20 months. Argentine has twice beaten testicular cancer. Sunderland's last two managers both won the Tyne-Wear derby.
Matt Upson ruled out of Leicester City's clash with West Ham United. Winston Reid could feature for the Hammers after recovering from injury. Andy Carroll will not feature for Sam Allardyce's side at the King Power Stadium.
Kevin Pietersen signed a new contract with Surrey last month. The 34-year-old will play against Oxford MCCU in the LV= County Championship. Pietersen hopes to push for an England recall with Surrey.
Bayern Munich take on Borussia Dortmund in Der Klassiker on Saturday. The two sides are separated by nine Bundesliga places and 31 points. A Dortmund win would make a little dent in Bayern's 10-point lead. But it isn't likely to derail their serene progress to retaining the shield. Jurgen Klopp insists that Der Klassiker is still as significant as ever.
Lyon moved back to the top of Ligue 1 for 24 hours at least after claiming a comfortable 3-1 victory at Guingamp. Nabil Fekir's goal and Alexandre Lacazette's penalty in the first half put Les Gones in control. Clinton N'Jie struck just after the hour to put Hubert Fournier's side three goals to the good. It was Lyon's first win in three and moved them back above Paris St Germain who play on Sunday.
Roma ended their four-month winless streak at home on Saturday. Miralem Pjanic scored the only goal of the game in the 25th minute. Morgan de Sanctis was excellent to deny the visitors and protect the three points. Napoli's winless streak - home and away - was extended to five matches.
Rangers defeated Hearts 2-1 in the Scottish Championship on Sunday. Lee McCulloch was sent off for a foul on Osman Sow in the first half. Stuart McCall says the captain apologised to him and the players.
Templeton made his first start in almost three months last weekend. Hearts currently sit 26 points in front of a Rangers side fighting to finish as best of the rest ahead of the play-offs. Templeton insists he has had no regretful thoughts of what it would be like to somehow still be a Hearts player.
Real Madrid XI: Casillas; Carvajal, Pepe, Ramos, Marcelo; Kroos, Modric, James; Ronaldo, Benzema, Bale. Granada XI: Oier Olazabal; Lomban, Ramos, Albacar, Arbeloa, Musacchio; Javi Marquez, Elche, Arbeloa, Medel, Elche. Real Madrid vs Granada team news, probable line ups, odds and stats. Real Madrid vs Granada team news, probable line ups, odds and stats. Real Madrid vs Granada team news, probable line ups, odds and stats
Russian Premier League match between Arsenal Tula and Torpedo Moscow suspended for seven minutes on Sunday. Fighting broke out after fans broke down barriers and threw chairs. Referee Alexander Yegorov stopped the match and told the players to leave the pitch and head for the dressing rooms. After order was restored play resumed and Torpedo ran out 3-1 winners.
West Ham currently sit ninth in the Premier League table. Sam Allardyce's side could qualify for Europe through UEFA's rankings. The top three nations in UEFA's rankings qualify for the Europa League.
Hull are currently 15th in the Premier League table. Steve Bruce's side are just three points off the relegation zone. But David Meyler is confident they will hang on to their top flight status. The Tigers face Swansea at the KC Stadium on Saturday.
Arsenal host Liverpool at the Emirates on Saturday (12.45pm) Everton host Southampton at Goodison Park on Saturday (3pm) Manchester United travel to Aston Villa on Saturday (3pm) Chelsea host Stoke at Stamford Bridge on Sunday (5.30pm) Burnley host Tottenham Hotspur on Sunday (1.30pm) Sunderland host Newcastle United on Sunday (4pm) Crystal Palace host Manchester City on Monday (8pm)
Real Madrid have seven players in their starting line-up from last season. Carlo Ancelotti will have to choose between Isco and James Rodriguez. In Italy, the fallout continues at fallen giants Inter Milan. In France, PSG's 3-2 win at Marseille proves Ligue 1 is improving.
Manchester United host Aston Villa at Old Trafford (Saturday 3pm) Striker Robin van Persie is out of the game with an ankle injury. Luke Shaw has recovered from a hamstring problem but Chris Smalling is a big doubt. Ron Vlaar could return for Villa after finally shaking off a calf injury.
Kolo Toure warns Raheem Sterling against leaving Liverpool. Toure compared Sterling's situation with that of Jack Rodwell and Scott Sinclair. Rodwell and Sinclair both struggled to break into Manchester City's first team. Toure says Liverpool is the best place for Sterling to continue his development.
The Premier League returns this weekend after the fourth interruption this season for international fixtures. Everton lead the post-international Premier League table with three wins from three after the break. Chelsea are the only side to match this record, winning all three matches. Liverpool have lost all three of their post-international fixtures so far this season.
It is eight years since an English club claimed the top prize in European rugby. There is a consensus among the bookies that holders Toulon are destined to finish on top of the pile for the third successive year. There is a fair chance that one English team can progress, with Bath and Saracens the more likely candidates.
Wales take on Belgium in a Euro 2016 qualifier on June 12. The match at Cardiff City Stadium has been declared a 33,000 sell-out. Chris Coleman's side sit top of Group B on goal difference.
Asmir Begovic is out of contract at the end of next season. Stoke manager Mark Hughes wants goalkeeper to sign new deal. Hughes is confident he will have money to spend in the summer.
Raheem Sterling said he was not ready to sign a new contract at Liverpool. The England winger has been linked with a move to Arsenal. Sterling is arguably in the top five best young players in the world.
Raheem Sterling turned down £100,000-a-week contract offer from Liverpool. England winger has been linked with moves to Arsenal, Real Madrid and Barcelona. 20-year-old is focused on winning trophies with Liverpool for the time being.
Cosmin Moti kung-fu tackles Stefan Nikolic during Ludogorets clash. The defender connected cleanly with the CSKA player's rib cage. The referee waved play on despite the kung-fu style tackle.
Raheem Sterling has put off contract talks with Liverpool until the summer. The 20-year-old scored for England in their 4-0 win over Lithuania at Wembley last Friday night. Sterling's current £35,000-a-week deal at Liverpool has two years to run.
Raheem Sterling has revealed he is not ready to sign a new contract. Liverpool have offered him a new £100,000-a-week deal but he is 'flattered' by interest from Arsenal. Brendan Rodgers says he is'relaxed' about Sterling's situation. Liverpool boss admits he 'took interview by surprise'
Bojan Krkic has been keeping a close eye on the Premier League. The Stoke striker is recovering from a serious knee injury. Former AC Milan and Roma forward has picked his team of the season.
Ben Hiscox, 30, was playing home game for Stoke Gifford United in Bristol. He slipped on wet ground after tackle and crashed into clubhouse wall. Player was knocked unconscious and rushed to intensive care for treatment. But three days later, he suffered two seizures and died in hospital. Tributes have flooded in for 'total legend' who leaves behind a partner and step-daughter.
Brian O'Driscoll has been in Hong Kong this week working as an ambassador for HSBC ahead of the Hong Kong Sevens. His wife Amy Huberman caught wind of the picture on social media. Huberman later posted a picture of O'Driscoll holding a Toblerone.
Raheem Sterling has put off contract talks with Liverpool until the summer. The 20-year-old has been linked with a move to Real Madrid, Bayern Munich, Manchester City and Arsenal. Sterling says he does not want to be seen as a money-grabber. He has been offered a £100,000-a-week deal to stay at Anfield.
Raheem Sterling started Liverpool's 4-1 defeat at Arsenal on Saturday. The 20-year-old has turned down a new £100,000-a-week deal. Liverpool boss Brendan Rodgers insists Sterling will still be a Reds player next season.
Arsene Wenger has revealed his pre-match rituals. The Arsenal manager waits until the hours before the game to confirm his starting line-up. Wenger has taken charge of 1,056 matches in charge of the Gunners.
Former South Africa striker Richard Henyekane has died in a car crash. The 31-year-old was the only person to die in the crash. He was on loan at Free State Stars from Mamelodi Sundowns.
Darren Bent has scored seven goals on loan at Derby County this season. Former England striker is out of contract at Aston Villa in June. Paul Lambert was sacked by the club in February after two-and-a-half seasons.
Argentina beat Ecuador 2-1 in a friendly international in New Jersey. Manchester City forward Sergio Aguero had opened the scoring for Gerardo Martino's side. Miller Bolanos equalised for Ecuador midway through the first-half. Javier Pastore scored the winner for Argentina in the 58th minute.
Rory McIlroy believes Jeff Knox reads the mysterious Augusta putting surfaces better than anyone he has ever seen. Knox played with McIlroy when the Northern Irishman was first man out in the third round last year. He even outscored the world No 1 by a shot, with a 70 to McIlroy’s 71.
Danny Lennon has left his role as Scotland Under 21 coach. The former St Mirren boss looks set to take over at Alloa Athletic. Paddy Connolly has been in temporary charge of the Wasps.
JB Holmes and Johnson Wagner both finished on 16 under par. Overnight leader Jordan Spieth bogeyed the first hole to fall out of contention. The pair then made a play-off, with Wagner missing from 10 feet.
Surrey-born Kelvin Day has only played a handful of events on the subsidiary circuit, the Web.com Tour. He entered qualifying for the Houston event and finished tied first to earn his place. Day is now just three shots off the lead held by the remarkably consistent young American, Jordan Spieth.
Fans can now vote for their favourite player via a new online process. A shortlist of five players will be drawn up at the end of each month. Fans have until April 10th to register their votes for March's competition.
Phil Mickelson followed his opening 66 with a 67 at the Houston Open. The American is one shot behind leader Andrew Putnam going into the third round. Justin Rose continued his upturn in form with a 68. Tiger Woods confirmed his participation at The Masters on Friday.
Danny Willett is aiming to become the first debutant to win The Masters since Fuzzy Zoeller in 1979. Willett is renting two houses in Augusta with his wife and family for the week in Augusta. The 27-year-old would postpone Rory McIlroy's career grand slam hopes if he produced a surprise win.
Michael Carrick made his England debut against Mexico in May 2001. Matthews won 54 England caps between 1934 and 1957. Carrick has played for England for 13 years, 310 days.
Steve Bruce was pictured looking larger than life on a Barbados beach. The Hull manager has promised his wife Janet he will go on a diet. Bruce says he was 'disappointed' that the pictures were published.
Greg Dyke wants to increase the minimum number of home-grown players in club squads from eight to 12. Graham Taylor, Glenn Hoddle, Kevin Keegan, Sven-Goran Eriksson and Steve McClaren have signed a letter addressed to Dyke. Only 81 of the 220 Premier League starters in the last round of matches were eligible for England selection.
Harry Kane has played for England in recent matches against Lithuania and Italy. Mauricio Pochettino wants talks with the FA before approving his involvement in the U21 European Championships. Tottenham fear Kane may suffer burnout ahead of their tour of Australia and Malaysia.
Arsene Wenger admits he is concerned by Theo Walcott's confidence. Walcott was substituted after 55 minutes of England's 1-1 draw against Italy on Tuesday night. The 26-year-old has struggled for game time since returning from a long-term lay-off due to a serious knee injury.
Chelsea have made discreet overtures about Raheem Sterling. Liverpool manager Brendan Rodgers insists the 20-year-old is 'going nowhere' this summer. Sterling stunned Liverpool earlier this week by giving an interview in which he claimed he is not motivated by money in stalling over a £100,000-a-week contract.
The sandy-colored canine was found sprawled in a pool of his own blood. He needed more than 50 stitches after being set upon with an eight inch blade. Wilford has been nursed back to health by a foster family and is now slowly returning to his paws.
Sir Alex Ferguson enjoyed a trophy-laden 26-and-a-half years in the Old Trafford hotseat between 1986-2013. The Scot was appointed as the Red Devils manager in November 1986 at the age of 45 before announcing his retirement at the end of the 2012-13 season aged 71. Ferguson's honours include 13 Premier League titles - with his last coming in his final season in 2013.
Raheem Sterling has rejected a new contract at Liverpool worth £100,000-a-week. The 20-year-old is wanted by clubs including Arsenal, Chelsea, Real Madrid and Bayern Munich. Brendan Rodgers insists that Sterling will not be sold in the summer. Michael Owen, Steven Gerrard and Steve McManaman were all high achievers from an early stage at Anfield.
David Luiz pulled up clutching his hamstring against Marseille on Sunday. The Brazilian could now miss the Champions League quarter-final. PSG currently sit top of the pile in Ligue One, one point ahead of Lyon.
Teofil Brank, better known by his stage name Jarec Wentworth, was arrested on March 4 by the FBI in Los Angeles. Investigators said he tried to exact the ownership of a condo and $1 million in cash from the victim.
Sam Tomkins has been released by the New Zealand Warriors. The 26-year-old England full-back is interesting his former club, where his brother Joel plays, and Wigan have an option to bring him back to the DW Stadium. Tomkins joined the Warriors for a world record transfer fee - thought to be in the region of £700,000.
Neil Phillips was England's team doctor at the 1966 World Cup. He was promoted from his role as Under-23 team doctor by Sir Alf Ramsey. Phillips was also with England in 1974 when they won the Jules Rimet trophy.
Augusta National Golf Club has banned cell phones from the course. Fans have adapted by using their pocket-sized digital cameras or their old 35mm bodies and lenses. When play begins on Thursday, fans will have to put them back on the shelves.
Smartphones are most popular device, followed by laptops and tablets. Four in 10 households now own one tablet, YouGov poll found. Digital advertising hit a record £7.2billion in the UK last year.
Mark Clattenburg will take charge of the Manchester derby on Sunday. The English referee has sent off three players from Manchester United and Manchester City this season. Vincent Kompany, Tyler Blackcett and Luke Shaw have all been sent off.
Rugby star Adam McBurney was not at home when shots were fired at house. Gunman fired multiple bullets through windows of property in County Antrim. Shocked neighbours said he could have been killed if he was in property. Mr McBurney is deemed a bright prospect for Irish rugby and has been capped for the Ireland Under-20s.
Lisa Oldfield decided she had to make a change to tackle her weight after her son drew an unflattering portrait of her. The 40-year-old former Channel 9 host said she barely recognised herself in the drawing, and was horrified to think her sons Harry, 4, and Bert, 2, saw her that way. Oldfield posted pictures of the 5.5 litres of fat she had removed online.
Manchester United have won their last five Premier League games. Louis van Gaal's side are one point behind Manchester City in the table. Juan Mata says United must take every game as a 'final'
Francis Bakvis discovered a dead scrub python, which contained the remains of his family cat Tiger. The family cat had been missing for three days. Scrub pythons can grow to be up to eight metres long, and are known to eat mammals as large as kangaroos.
The 450kg beast was coated in a lurid yellow marinade. It was then lowered by crane into a 6m-tall tandoor kiln. Roast was prepared by Momin Hopur, a local celebrity chef.
South American duo Radamel Falcao and Sergio Aguero feature in a promo video for sponsors Puma. The video sees the pair go head-to-head in a cage style encounter. Manchester City face Manchester United in the Premier League on Sunday.
Dayna Dobias, 19, from Downers Grove, was born with cerebral palsy. She hopes to inspire others with her enthusiastic videos. Last year she produced another dancing clip with her strutting her stuff to Taylor Swift's Shake It Off.
The father, 24, and other family members inside did not know that the toddler, who later died at University Medical Hospital, had gotten out of the house and on to the driveway. The incident was deemed an accident and no charges will be filed.
Lydia Kelm, 23, was arrested for driving under the influence after she allegedly caused a scene at a McDonald's drive-through in Florida while wearing nothing but a bra and panties. Police say that instead of purchasing food and driving away, the 23-year-old nurse revved her engine loudly and backed up twice, prompting workers to yell for her to move forward. She'seemed to be confused, lethargic' and 'had slurred speech,' an arrest affidavit states.
Travis Hatfield, 21, from Gilbert, West Virginia sung a George Jones hit to his 47-year-old uncle, Jamie Joe Cline. The video of the two of them playing music together and singing He Stopped Loving Her Today has gone viral with more than 410,000 views so far. Travis says he is now finding that because of the popularity of the video, he has fans all over the country and has even taken calls from Nashville record labels.
Sepp Blatter is set to be re-elected as FIFA president on May 29. Luis Figo, Prince Ali bin Al Hussein and Michael van Praag are the other candidates. The Confederation of African Football (CAF) say all 54 African votes will go to Blatter. Figo does not believe that this is the case.
Dashcam footage, shared by dailymotion.com user Vidsking, shows a giant St. Bernard dog running across a road somewhere in the Czech Republic with a child trailing behind. It appears to be a rather uncomfortable excursion, with the young boy going along the ground on his belly with his legs stretched out behind.
Real Madrid travel to Rayo Vallecano in La Liga on Wednesday night. Cristiano Ronaldo scored five goals in Madrid's 9-1 win against Granada. The 30-year-old moved above Lionel Messi in the race for the Pichichi trophy.
Manchester City face Manchester United in the derby on Sunday. Vincent Kompany believes that a win against United will help rectify their season. City were beaten 2-0 by Crystal Palace on Monday night.
Christian Benteke scored a hat-trick as Aston Villa drew 3-3 with QPR. Tim Sherwood admitted the point could be 'vital' for his side. Chris Ramsey said Benteke is a 'formidable player'
Bradley Neil won the Amateur Championship at Royal Portrush last year. The 19-year-old Scot has invites to the Masters and US Open in 2015. Rory McIlroy has tipped the youngster to turn professional.
Air passengers face up to three days of disruption over the next three days. British Airways, easyJet, Ryanair and Flybe among airlines to cancel flights. Walkout by France’s biggest air traffic controllers’ union will begin at 5am.
The NYPD released the video Tuesday, along with a photo of the victim in the hospital in hopes of identifying her. The grainy video shows a man dressed in a hooded sweatshirt dragging the limp body of a woman from the backseat of a parked car at around 12.30am Saturday. Paramedics arrived on the scene 20 minutes later and transported the victim to a hospital in critical condition.
Kevin Pietersen has been linked with a return to the England side. Colin Graves has made a habit of talking before thinking. Yorkshire chairman has yet to take up office as ECB chairman.
Andy Murray faces Tomas Berdych in the semi-final of the Miami Open. Murray beat Berdych in the Australian Open semi-final in January. Murray's fitness trainer Jez Green and coach Danny Vallverdu are on Berdych's team.
Greg Gibbins, 28, went into cardiac arrest after he was seriously stabbed but later died in hospital on Monday. A 20-year-old man, who police confirmed as Bradley James Brooks, was arrested in nearby Halekulani on Monday night and charged with murder. He was refused bail and appeared in Wyong Local Court on Tuesday. Police are investigating whether the earlier incident involving a woman is linked to the fatal knife attack outside the local pizza shop.
John Isner beat Kei Nishikori 6-4, 6-3 at the Miami Open. Big serving Isner is the first American to reach the semi finals since 2011. He will face either Novak Djokovic or David Ferrer in the last four.
Manchester United host Manchester City in the Premier League on Sunday. Louis van Gaal's side are on a run of five consecutive league wins. Phil Jones hopes United 'turn up and play their football' vs City.
Carla Suarez Navarro beat Andrea Petkovic 6-3, 6-3 in the semi-final. The Spaniard will play either Serena Williams or Simona Halep in the final. It's the eighth time that Suarez Navarro has reached a WTA final.
Lewis Ferguson has just a cut on his nose to show for his ordeal. The 18-year-old was mucking out the stables as usual on Thursday. Ferguson’s spectacular double somersault fall from the favourite Merrion Square has been watched hundreds of thousands of times online.
Rory McIlroy is bidding to complete the career grand slam at the Masters. The world No 1 has arrived at Augusta ready to mount a serious challenge. McIlroy has recorded just one top-10 finish in six previous appearances at Augusta.
Jonjo O'Neill is hoping Shutthefrontdoor wins the Grand National on April 11. Shutthefrontdoor is the favourite for the famous National Hunt event. O'Neill hopes jockey AP McCoy will ride Shutthefrontdoor.
Saracens beat Racing Metro 12-11 in the Champions Cup quarter-final. Marcelo Bosch scored the winning penalty with 10 seconds left. Saracens will face Clermont in the semi-finals in two weeks.
Matt Prior has not played since July due to an achilles injury. Prior lost his England place to Jos Buttler last summer. Sussex head coach Mark Robinson says Prior is 'out pretty much indefinitely'
Mark Selby beat Gary Wilson 10-2 in the final of the Baic Motor China Open. The world No 1 claimed his sixth ranking title and £85,000 prize money. Selby overcame neck pain earlier in the tournament to beat Wilson.
Saracens beat Racing Metro 92 20-17 in the Champions Cup quarter-final outside Paris. Marcelo Bosch kicked a last-minute penalty to snatch Saracens a semi-final berth. Maxime Machenaud scored the only try of the game for Racing in the first half. Charlie Hodgson kicked two penalties for Saracens as they reached the semi-finals.
Bafetimbi Gomis scored a spectacular overhead kick to double Swansea's lead in the first half. Ki Sung-yueng added a second goal for the hosts in the 37th minute. Paul McShane pulled a goal back for Hull five minutes into the second half. David Meyler was sent off for a foul on Kyle Naughton two minutes later. Gomis scored his second of the match in injury time to secure the three points.
Wisconsin beat Kentucky 71-64 in the NCAA Tournament semi-finals. Frank Kaminsky scored 20 points and 11 rebounds for the Badgers. Duke beat Michigan State 81-61 in the earlier semi-final.
Harry Kane captained Tottenham Hotspur in the Premier League match against Burnley at Turf Moor. Kane became the youngest Premier League player to be captain this season at the age of 21 years and 251 days. Burnley striker George Boyd scored the only goal of the game in the seventh minute.
Tom Daley hopes his new 'firework' dive can help win Olympic gold at the 2016 Rio de Janiero Games. Daley spent long hours on the trampoline perfecting technique before building the dive in stages from different heights. The 20-year-old has spent the winter modifying the plunge with his new coach Jane Figueiredo.
Ryuichi Kiyonari betters Donington Park lap record to take pole. Japanese rider powered in a scorching time of one minute 29.455 seconds. Defending champion Shane Byrne completed the front row.
Leicester City are currently bottom of the Premier League. Nigel Pearson's side are seven points adrift of safety with eight games left. Esteban Cambiasso says keeping Leicester up would feel like winning a trophy. The former Real Madrid man is happy in the East Midlands.
Sportsmail has teamed up with Gillette to offer readers the chance to win a pair of Nike Magista Obra boots signed by Joe Hart. Winner will also receive a Gillette Fusion ProGlide razor and shaving foam. The competition closes on Sunday April 19.
Graziano Pelle has not scored in the Premier League since December 20. The Italy striker netted in Tuesday's 1-1 international friendly with England. The 29-year-old insists his confidence hasn't been destroyed.
Stuart McCall says Walter Smith warned him not to take the Rangers job. But the former Scotland international insists he made the right decision. Rangers beat Hearts 2-1 on Sunday to go second in the Scottish Championship.
Vincent Duport has been ruled out for the rest of the season with a shoulder injury. The France international suffered a ruptured tendon in the Dragons' 33-22 defeat at Hull FC on March 20 which requires surgery.
Roy Keane's 'bizarre' team talk to Sunderland players is described by Danny Higginbotham in his new autobiography. Sunderland drew 1-1 with Aston Villa during the 2007-08 Premier League season. Higginbotham scored the opening goal for the home side.
Man City have not won a Premier League game having been behind at half-time in almost 20 years. The last time City won having trailed at half-time was April 17, 1995. City lost 2-1 at Crystal Palace on Monday night as their title hopes lay in tatters. Sergio Aguero, Vincent Kompany and Joe Hart were the only starters against Palace aged 28 or under.
Memphis Grizzlies beat Oklahoma City Thunder 100-92 on Friday. Grizzlies move level with Houston atop the Southwest Division. San Antonio Spurs stayed within two games of No 2 seed by routing Denver. Deron Williams scored a season-high 31 points for Brooklyn Nets.
Tiger Woods is preparing for The Masters 2015 at Augusta National. The former World No1 has returned to action after a break from golf. Woods was joined on the course by long-term girlfriend Lindsey Vonn.
Bayern Munich take on Bayer Leverkusen in the last eight of the German Cup on Wednesday. Pep Guardiola will be without Arjen Robben, Franck Ribery, David Alaba, Javi Martinez and Tom Starke. Bastian Schweinsteiger has also been ruled out of the match. Guardiola believes Jerome Boateng is one of the best centre backs in the world at the moment.
Newcastle United lost 1-0 to Sunderland in the Tyne-Wear derby on Sunday. Daryl Janmaat played the full 90 minutes despite a suspected calf injury. The Holland full-back admitted the Magpies' performance wasn't good enough.
Ian Poulter was so excited to get started at Augusta he forgot his clubs. Henrik Stenson looked less than impressed after coming down with flu. Tiger Woods will play in the traditional three-par tournament for first time in over a decade.
Arsenal were thrashed 6-3 by Manchester City and 5-1 by Liverpool last season. Per Mertesacker was pictured remonstrating with Mezut Ozil. The German says Arsenal have brought back the 'arguing culture' Arsene Wenger's side face Liverpool on Saturday lunchtime.
The 79th Masters gets underway on Thursday at Augusta National. Tiger Woods returns to competitive action for the first time since February. Rory McIlroy bids to become only the sixth man in history to claim the career Grand Slam. Bubba Watson is the defending champion in a field that includes young American stars Jordan Spieth and Rickie Fowler.
Amir Khan is expected to announce his next opponent imminently. The Bolton fighter hasn't fought since his win over Devon Alexander. American Adrien Broner has urged Khan to make their fight happen. Broner tweeted a video of himself and Khan talking via video.
Amir Khan will fight Chris Algieri at welterweight on May 30. The Bolton fighter had been linked with Adrien Broner and Keith Thurman. Khan hopes to fight in Algieri's home city of New York next month.
Justin Rose hit 17 out of 18 greens in regulation and signed for a 69. Phil Mickelson enjoyed his best round in months with a 66. Scott Piercy went round in 63 and Paul Casey celebrated his Masters invitation with a fine round of 68.
Barcelona travel to Celta Vigo in the La Liga on Sunday afternoon. Lionel Messi trained with Javier Mascherano on Thursday as he recovers from a foot injury. Messi sat out Argentina's friendlies against El Salvador and Ecuador. Barcelona are four points clear of Real Madrid at the top of La Liga.
Rory McIlroy is hoping to complete his grand slam of majors with a victory at Augusta later this month. The world number one has revealed how his final-round collapse at Augusta National in 2011 was the most important day of his career. McIlroy has just one top-10 finish to his name in six Masters appearances.
Floyd Mayweather Jnr will fight Manny Pacquiao in Las Vegas on May 2. Pacquiao's trainer Freddie Roach has criticised Mayweather Snr. Roach said his nephew would be better off training with his uncle Roger. Mayweather Snr has refused to respond to Roach's criticism. Click here for more boxing news.
Erik Compton will tee off this week at the Masters on his third appearance. The 35-year-old veteran has had two heart transplants. Compton says he wants to focus on the week ahead, rather than his journey.
Golfer Jason Dufner divorced wife Amanda at the end of last month. The couple separated in February after four years of marriage. Amanda was awarded $2.5million (£1.8m) as part of the settlement. Dufner will keep two of the couple's houses.
Lydia Ko equalled Annika Sorenstam's LPGA Tour record of 29 under par rounds in a row. The 17-year-old shot a 1-under 71 on Thursday at the ANA Inspiration. Ko started the streak in the first round of her victory in the season-ending CME Group Tour Championship last year.
Yannick Bolasie has dazzled for Crystal Palace since Alan Pardew took over. The 25-year-old has been watched by Liverpool and Newcastle this season. Zaha made the £10million switch to Manchester United two seasons ago. He managed just two Premier League starts under David Moyes.
Pavel Pogrebnyak put Reading ahead after only four minutes. Conor McAleny rifled in a 90th-minute equaliser for Cardiff. Reading face Arsenal in their last-four clash at Wembley on April 18.
Liverpool face Blackburn in the FA Cup quarter-final replay on Wednesday. Reds captain Steven Gerrard will miss the game because of suspension. Robbie Fowler says Liverpool players must not put Gerrard's departure down to him. Fowler also urges Raheem Sterling to commit his future to the club.
Benik Afobe gave the visitors the lead in the 46th minute. Bakary Sako doubled Wolves' advantage from the penalty spot in the 72nd minute. Dexter Blackstock scored a late consolation for Forest.
Blackburn Rovers host Liverpool in their FA Cup quarter-final replay. Tom Cairney has sympathy for Raheem Sterling over his contract negotiations. Cairney has his own taste of superstardom at Blackburn.
Elliot Minchella has joined London Broncos on loan until the end of the season. The 19-year-old loose forward has made six substitute Super League appearances. Minchella and Leeds team-mate Zak Hardaker remain the subject of an investigation by the Rhinos into an assault.
Rangers beat Hearts 2-1 in the Scottish Championship on Sunday. Goals from Kenny Miller and Haris Vuckic were enough for the win. Lee McCulloch was sent off for a reckless elbow on Osman Sow.
Monaco were held to a goalless draw by Montpellier in Ligue 1. Lucas Barrios missed a second-half penalty for the visitors. Leonardo Jardim's side remain in fourth place in the table.
Tottenham goalkeeper Hugo Lloris injured his knee against Leicester City. Michel Vorm will deputise for the France international on Sunday. Roberto Soldado is also a doubt for the match at Turf Moor.
Blackburn Rovers host Liverpool in the FA Cup sixth round replay. Rovers rejected a £12m bid from Hull City for Jordan Rhodes at the start of the season. Gary Bowyer believes Rhodes can become an Ewood Park hero.
Manchester City travel to Crystal Palace in the Premier League on Monday. Manuel Pellegrini's side can ill afford to slip further behind Chelsea. City beat Palace 3-0 in December at the Etihad Stadium.
Eden Hazard, Mesut Ozil and Joey Barton feature in the best XI. Each week Sportsmail gathers the ratings from our team of reporters to provide the best Barclays Premier League starting XI of the day.
Playing video games may not only improve the ability to perform visual tasks, but also the learning ability for those skills, a study by Brown University in Rhode Island has claimed. Research subjects were shown an on-screen texture of short lines - either vertical or horizontal - and were asked to spot anomalies. Their responses were measured in milliseconds. Gamers were shown to be more successful when learning both tasks than non-gamers. But it was unresolved whether video games improve visual learning or whether good visual learners tend to play more video games.
Barcelona face Paris Saint-Germain in the Champions League last 16. The two sides meet on April 15 in the French capital. Neymar says it will be a 'great footballing show'
England drew 1-1 with Italy in a friendly in Turin on Tuesday night. Tottenham winger Andros Townsend scored the equaliser. Townsend was criticised by Sky Sports pundit Paul Merson. Townsend responded by tweeting: 'Not bad for a player that should be "nowhere near the squad" ay @PaulMerse?'
Liverpool midfielder Joe Allen spoke to Sportsmail's Ian Ladyman. The 25-year-old believes Liverpool have performed well against the big teams during the last two seasons. Allen also spoke of the feeling at the club after captain Steven Gerrard announced he would be leaving the Reds.
Mike Brown pulled out of Harlequins' clash with Saracens last weekend. Northampton wing George North has been advised not to play again this season after suffering four quick-fire concussions. Ireland's Johnny Sexton was stood down for 12 weeks earlier this term.
Jack Johnson beat Tommy Burns to win the world heavyweight title in 1908. Johnson's victory caused consternation in America for one simple reason: Johnson was black — and a black man had never held sport's greatest prize. It would take over six years before Johnson would be defeated, on April 5, 1915, 100 years ago on Sunday.
Romelu Lukaku's agent Mino Raiola suggested he could leave Everton. Raiola said he would have never sanctioned Lukaku's £28million move. Lukaku is just one season into a five-year contract at Goodison Park.
Cancer-stricken basketball player Lauren Hill is spending her final days helping to raise money for cancer research and has already accumulated over $1.5million. Lauren, 19, uses a wheelchair and sleeps for many hours at Children's Hospital in Cincinnati where she is being treated for a brain tumor. During her senior year of high school, Lauren was diagnosed with DIPG (Diffuse Intrinsic Pontine Glioma), a rare form of brain cancer with a survival rate of less than 10 percent. She played four basketball games with her team early in the season, making five layups. In September 2014, Hill's doctor told her
Adam Lyth is competing with Jonathan Trott to be Alastair Cook’s opening partner at the first Test in Antigua on April 13. Lyth finished with 1,489 runs — more than anyone in the country — six hundreds and a welter of awards. He made 230 at Northampton, putting on 375 for the first wicket with the highly rated Alex Lees, then 251 against Lancashire at Old Trafford.
Manchester City lost 2-1 to Crystal Palace at Selhurst Park on Monday night. Glenn Murray and Jason Puncheon scored for the hosts. Yaya Toure grabbed a late goal for Manuel Pellegrini's side.
Crystal Palace beat Manchester City 2-1 at Selhurst Park on Monday night. Jason Puncheon scored what turned out to be the winning goal for the Eagles. The 28-year-old appeared to be struck by a MAOAM sweet during the match.
Bowling Green fired Chris Jans after footage emerged of him touching an unidentified woman's behind on March 21. The married father-of-two was also accused of grabbing a 'woman's head and moving it toward your crotch' and calling another woman a 'b****' The university took action after damning footage emerged of the coach.
Mesut Ozil was spotted in a Berlin nightclub hours after missing Arsenal's Premier League clash with Newcastle United through illness. Arsene Wenger has chosen not to sanction the German midfielder. Wenger confirmed that Mikel Arteta, Alex Oxlade-Chamberlain, Jack Wilshere, Mathieu Debuchy and Abou Diaby had all returned to training. Danny Welbeck could return to the Arsenal side for Saturday's showdown with Liverpool after a knee injury.
Eight teams are left in the European Rugby Champions Cup. Leinster face Bath, while Northampton take on Clermont. Saracens face Racing Metro, while Wasps take on Toulon.
Harry Kane has impressed for Tottenham this season. The striker made his England debut against Lithuania in March. Kane will be available for the U21s at this summer's European Championships.
Andros Townsend hailed Harry Kane as the 'best finisher' he has played with. Kane made his England debut as a substitute on Friday against Lithuania. Townsend scored England's equaliser in their 1-1 draw with Italy.
Pasquale Marino brought Alexis Sanchez into the Udinese first team in 2008. Marino believes Sanchez is capable of scoring 35 goals in any league he's played in. The former Pescara boss also believes Sanchez could be better than Cristiano Ronaldo and Lionel Messi.
Eagle interrupts North Shore Football Club training session by approaching a football. After giving it a peck, the bird moves forwards and rolls the ball to the left. Excited by the movement, it jumps up on the football with both feet.
Burnley host Tottenham in the Premier League on Sunday. Michael Duff is preparing to take on Spurs striker Harry Kane. The 37-year-old has played in eight different divisions. Duff is the second oldest outfield player in the Premier League.
Gareth Southgate's Under 20s finished fourth in last May's Toulon Tournament. The team will be involved in the European Under 21 Championships. Other participating countries include Holland, The Ivory Coast, Mexico and the United States.
Keith Curle is one of only four former England players to currently manage in the football league. The Carlisle United boss insists football management was always his priority after ending his playing career. Curle has managed at Mansfield, Chester, Torquay and Notts County before joining League Two Carlisle United last September.
The golfer's girlfriend, bikini model Alexis Randock, had posted a photo on her Instagram account of her and sister Nicole on the beach last week. The photo was shared with her 25,000 followers, which included an abusive commenter known as 'fatalsplash' who was quick to judge and accused Alexis of being a 'gold digger' Fowler quickly told the hater to 'get your facts straight', while Alexis informed him that she worked her 'butt off'
The catwalk show took place in Xi'an, the capital city of north-western China's Shaanxi province. It took 30 craftsmen three months to make the gold shirt and the women's clothing which is also worth around £40,000. The idea for real gold clothing takes its inspiration from royal women in history, including Cleopatra.
Raheem Sterling is yet to sign a new £100,000-a-week contract at Liverpool. The England international admitted he was 'flattered' by interest from Arsenal. Liverpool boss Brendan Rodgers insists Sterling is lucky to be at the club.
Romelu Lukaku has appointed high-powered agent Mino Raiola as his agent. Raiola has worked with Zlatan Ibrahimovic, Paul Pogba and Mario Balotelli. Roberto Martinez insists he is not concerned by Lukaku's move.
Unnamed man shot himself around Despicable Me Minion Mayhem ride. He was standing in a secluded area behind the ride, reports say. Nobody else was injured in the incident, according to reports.
David De Gea's Manchester United contract expires next summer. Real Madrid would like to sign him this summer, but may opt for Petr Cech. Lionel Messi's injury still causing problems ahead of Barcelona's trip to Celta Vigo on Sunday. In Italy there is more news on Palermo striker Paulo Dybala.
John Carver was assistant to Ruud Gullit in the 1999 Tyne-Wear derby. Gullit controversially left out Alan Shearer and Duncan Ferguson. Newcastle lost 2-1 to Sunderland and Gullit was sacked the next day. Carver is in the running to become the next Toon boss.
Manchester United currently sit fourth in the Premier League table. Louis van Gaal's side are eight points behind leaders Chelsea. But United boss says his side can still win the league. Van Gaal also says Marouane Fellaini has become almost undroppable.
Frank Lampard took part in Alan Carr's Chatty Man on Channel Four. The Manchester City midfielder revealed he'd 'love' to see a gay footballer. He feels that football is changing and losing it's macho persona. Lampard refused to rule out becoming a manager in the future.
Ryan Bertrand poses with his daughter and their matching Ferraris. Bertrand has made 26 Premier League appearances for Southampton this season. The left back has also forced his way back into the England squad. Southampton face Everton in the Premier League on Saturday.
Sunderland host Newcastle in the Tyne-Wear derby on Sunday. Dick Advocaat will not underestimate the significance of the fixture. The Black Cats boss was criticised for under-estimating the intensity in 1998. Celtic thrashed Rangers 5-1 and Advocaat said it was just another game.
Danny Cipriani scored 13 points during Sale's 23-6 win against Gloucester. Sale Sharks are out of contention in Europe for next season's European Champions Cup. Cipriani has been in superb form this season and was rewarded with a call-up to Stuart Lancaster's 2015 RBS 6 Nations squad.
Lexi Thompson will appear topless on the front of May's edition of magazine. The LPGA player has career earnings of almost $3million. She celebrated the shoot by tweeting: 'So pumped to represent fitness & power'
The 5.45 acre estate in San Clemente, California was bought by the former Commander in Chief in 1969. Nixon entertained 17 heads of state at the home, which was built in 1926 and overlooks the Pacific Ocean.
Newcastle face Sunderland in the Tyne-Wear derby on Sunday. Ryan Taylor is out of contract at St James' Park at the end of the season. The 30-year-old is grateful to Newcastle for sticking by him through injury.
The Remo midfielder sported his new hairdo during his side's Brazilian Cup clash with Atletico PR on Thursday night. The 35-year-old had hexagon panels shaved into his head to resemble a football. Ratinho's side secured a 1-1 draw on the night thanks to a 76th minute strike from Igor Joao.
Arsenal host Liverpool in a top-four clash at the Emirates on Saturday. The Gunners have won all six matches they have played in March. Arsene Wenger's side are six points clear of Brendan Rodgers' side.
Barcelona beat Real Madrid 85-80 in the Euro League on Thursday night. Neymar's sister Rafaella watched the basketball with the Brazil star. Barcelona return to La Liga on Sunday, taking on Celta Vigo.
Alexis Sanchez has scored 19 goals for Arsenal so far this season. Arsene Wenger admits he was aware of Liverpool's interest in the forward. Wenger has played down speculation linking him with Raheem Sterling.
Manchester United host Aston Villa at Old Trafford on Saturday. Louis van Gaal's side are fourth in the Premier League table. Van Gaal revealed he is set to discuss the club with Sir Alex Ferguson.
Courtney Lawes set to face Clermont Auvergne in Champions Cup. Northampton lock has been labelled a thug for his tackle on Jules Plisson. Lawes insists he will go big-game hunting again.
Wayne Rooney regularly tells Juan Mata England can win Euro 2016. Mata has not played for Spain since the 2014 World Cup in Brazil. Rooney netted his 47th England goal in the 4-0 victory against Lithuania.
Anthony Joshua will be fighting for the first time in 2015 on Saturday. The London 2012 gold medallist is unbeaten in 10 professional bouts. Jason Gavern will be competing in his 50th professional bout.
Raheem Sterling and Theo Walcott are in contract negotiations with their clubs. Both are England's leading wingers and could go head-to-head on Saturday. Sportsmail looks at the merits of the two wingers.
Sir Alex Ferguson has tipped Neymar to become world's best player. But former Manchester United boss insists there is no standout performer at the moment who can rival Lionel Messi and Cristiano Ronaldo. Ferguson also praised Real Madrid boss Carlo Ancelotti.
Spain lost 2-0 to Holland at Amsterdam ArenA on Tuesday night. Stefan de Vrij and Davy Klaassen scored for Guus Hiddink's side. Vicente del Bosque said his side were made to pay for a lacklustre first half. Del Bosque was impressed with debutants Juanmi and Vitolo.
The 18-year-old, who was booked into Lower Buckeye Jail in Phoenix two weeks ago, is seen on surveillance video walking in a room he was not authorized to be in. Two officers including Scott Beaty approached the prisoner and told him to go back to his cell. The inmate then began punching Beatty and the other officer in the room, who used a Taser but could not subdue the young man. The prisoner was eventually subdued by a group of officers, who saw their colleague knocked out on the ground after being hit repeatedly.
Zlatan Ibrahimovic would have been idolised at Marseille, says Jose Anigo. Anigo managed at the Stade Velodrome between 2001 and 2005. Eric Cantona plied his trade at Marseille between 1988 and 1991. Peter Schmeichel believes Man United should make a move for Ibrahimovic.
Katie Gallegos from Clackamas County, Oregon, decided to take Cooper the dog to a McDonald's drive-thru for an ice cream with his pal Daisy. While the small female pup takes a few ladylike licks, Cooper gobbles the rest of the cone up in one bite. To date the video of Cooper's ice cream outing has been watched more than seven million times.
Cape Verde beat Portugal 2-0 in an international friendly on Tuesday. The tiny island is 400 miles from Senegal off the west coast of Africa. Manchester United winger Nani is from Cape Verde and could have played for them instead of Portugal. Celtic and Sweden legend Henrik Larsson's mum is from Cape Verde.
Swimmer was in water in Florida when she was filmed screaming out in horror. Footage shows her desperately looking around for the plant-eating creature. Manatees are plant-eating creatures that can grow up to 13ft long.
Man, known only as Xu, bought a wife for his son, who has learning difficulties. After six months of trying, he realised she was likely to be infertile. Xu even tried to impregnate the 'daughter-in-law' himself. He is now under arrest for human trafficking.
Radamel Falcao has been linked with a move away from Manchester United. The Colombian has scored three goals in two games for his country. Falcao has only scored four goals for United this season.
Championship clash between Cardiff City and Leeds United on Saturday. Elland Road will be without any away fans for the 3pm kick-off. Cardiff have thrown their support behind a fans' boycott of the game. The club sent back their allocation of 500 tickets 'as a matter of principle' CLICK HERE for all the latest Leeds United news.
The 79th Masters gets underway at Augusta on Thursday. Dustin Johnson is the favourite to win the tournament. Henrik Stenson has recovered from flu but is still short of match fitness.
A man has admitted to ripping another man’s scrotum with a metal hook. Stephen John Docherty, 66, pleaded guilty to wounding with intent when he appeared at in the Whakatane District Court on Wednesday. Mr Docherty said he lost control of his temper in the heat of the moment. He was remanded on bail and will await a hearing on June 12.
Simba was rescued by firefighters in Meckenheim, near Bonn, Germany. A neighbour heard scratching in her newly refitted bathroom. Owners Helga and Eberhard Henkel had lost their pet in March.
Santiago Vergini has made 35 appearances for Sunderland this season. The 26-year-old returned to the Stadium of Light on a season-long loan deal. Vergini says Premier League survival could trigger offer of two-year deal.
Aritz Aduriz denied his old team victory with a last-gasp equaliser. Valencia had been reduced to 10 men when Nicolas Otamendi was sent off. Getafe moved 10 points clear of the bottom three with a 1-0 win at Elche. Espanyol extended Villarreal's winless streak to six games with a 3-0 win.
A raccoon was found stuck 30ft-high on a flag pole outside Philadelphia’s Cathedral Basilica of Saints Peter and Paul on Tuesday morning. After a few hours, animal control officers were able to coax the raccoon down from the flagpole.
Keaway Lafonz Ivy, who went by the stage name Kealo, died from a single gunshot wound to the chest in Seat Pleasant, Maryland. Police arrested Lafonzo Leonard Iracks, 21, and charged him in connection to Ivy's slaying. Iracks is facing a first-degree murder charge.
MI5 has issued an alert over the threat posed by rogue workers in Britain. Comes after Andreas Lubitz killed 150 people in the Alps plane crash disaster. MI5 is now giving advice on the risk posed by 'insiders' highlighted by the Germanwings disaster.
Paramedics were called to a home in Wagaman, northern Darwin, at about 9pm on Wednesday. The 38-year-old man had reportedly chewed and swallowed the entire glass bottle before lying down. His family called Royal Darwin Hospital. There were over 500 calls made to Northern Territory police between 3pm-11pm on Wednesday.
Coast guard ships came to the aid of five boats in the southern Mediterranean on Saturday. Rescues were made as newly released figures show an increase of 43 per cent of migrant arrivals into the EU via Italy on the same period last year.
Action shot taken at Estavayer-le-Lac in Switzerland where latest water sports craze of Jet Surfing has taken off. contraption can be seen leaping up above the surface, almost resembling scenes from the film Back to the Future. Jet surf boards have a top speed of 33mph and weigh just 15kg.
Manchester City travel to Old Trafford to play Manchester United on Saturday. United have never lost five successive Manchester derbies. The last time City won four in a row was 60 years ago. United have moved above City for the first time this season.
Mongolian Khan with New Zealand jockey Opie Bosson took first place on the weekend's esteemed $2 million Australian Derby. Watching the race on a Trackside TV, Bosson's agent Adian Rodley didn’t realise he was being filmed when his broke into celebrations. Rodley can be seen growing increasingly jubilant about the race as the horse draws near to the finishing line.
Wood bison are North America’s largest land mammal. The native Alaskan species disappeared from the state more than 100 years ago. Wood bison were imported from Canada to the Alaska Wildlife Conservation Center in 2008 but restoration of the threatened species was delayed.
Novak Djokovic beat David Ferrer 7-5, 7-5 in the quarter-finals. The world No 1 will face John Isner in the semi-finals in Miami. Andy Murray faces Tomas Berdych in the other semi-final. Serena Williams and Carla Suarez Navarro will contest the women's final. Click here for more tennis news.
Godolphin stable dominate £1.1m All Weather Finals day at Lingfield. Tryster wins Coral Easter Classic to complete 22-1 treble. Winter Derby winner Pretend won Unibet Sprint Championship Stakes.
Trainer Robbie Hennessy confirms Rubi Light is a definite runner. Grade one winner over two and a half miles schooled over Aintree-style fences. Irish challenge also includes Jim Culloty’s Lord Windermere.
AP McCoy will ride Cantlow in his final race meeting in Ireland. The 19-time champion won the 2007 running of the Irish Grand National. McCoy has vowed to retire if he wins Saturday's Crabbie's Grand National at Aintree on favourite Shutthefrontdoor.
Marcelo Bosch landed a long-range penalty in the final act of Sunday's showdown with Racing Metro to clinch a 12-11 victory that has set up a last-four trip to St Etienne's Stade Geoffroy-Guichard on April 18. Clermont are awaiting in the Champions Cup semi-finals after their remarkable 37-5 rout of Aviva Premiership leaders Northampton.
Francis Saili will join Munster later this year on a two-year deal. The 24-year-old currently plays for Auckland-based Super Rugby side the Blues. Saili made his All Blacks debut against Argentina in 2013.
Bath lost 18-15 to Leinster in the Champions Cup quarter-finals. Anthony Watson believes the pain of the defeat can drive them on. Mike Ford's side are currently fourth in the Aviva Premiership.
Tiger Woods was playing in the Par-3 Contest for the first time since 2004. He was joined by girlfriend Lindsey Vonn and his children, Sam and Charlie. Woods said he wants to have fun and not win the tournament.
Jack Grealish made his first Premier League start for Aston Villa on Tuesday. The Villa teenager is renowned for wearing his socks low. Grealish says it is a superstition and he won't change.
Tim Bresnan last played for England in the 5-0 Ashes whitewash in 2013/14. The right-arm quick helped Yorkshire win their first LV= County Championship title in 13 years last season. Bresnan is hoping to force his way back into the national side.
Stuart Broad came through an injury scare against St Kitts & Nevis. Jonny Bairstow fell just short of a century against his own team-mates. Joe Root ended the day 87 not out in a score of 303 for nine.
Everton held an open training session at Goodison Park on Tuesday. The Blues take on Swansea City at the Liberty Stadium on Saturday. Roberto Martinez's side have won their last three games in all competitions.
Crystal Palace beat Manchester City 2-1 at Selhurst Park on Monday night. Chairman Steve Parish says Alan Pardew will have funds to improve squad. But Parish wants to bring in extra investment to improve Selhurst Park.
Aston Villa face Liverpool in the FA Cup semi-final on April 19. Jack Grealish saw Villa lose twice at Wembley in 2010 as a fan. Villa were beaten 2-1 in the League Cup final and 3-0 in the FA Cup semi-final. Grealish made his first Premier League start against QPR on Tuesday.
Julian Speroni has triggered a 12-month contract extension. The goalkeeper joined Crystal Palace from Dundee in July 2004. Speroni will have a testimonial against Dundee at the end of the season.
Andy King scores 86th minute winner to keep Leicester City's Premier League survival hopes alive. Cheikhou Kouyate had earlier cancelled out Esteban Cambiasso's opener for the Foxes. West Ham United have not won away from home since December 2nd.
Hull fell to a 3-1 defeat at Swansea in the Premier League on Saturday. Paul McShane is keeping faith that the Tigers will avoid relegation. Hull have only scored twice in their last six away games in the league.
Haris Vuckic has scored six goals in 10 games on loan at Rangers. The 22-year-old is uncertain over his future with 12 months left on his Newcastle deal. Slovenia international says Rangers would be a 'good option' if Newcastle let him leave.
James Ward-Prowse scored the winner for England Under 21s against Germany on Monday night. The 20-year-old admits he couldn't sleep after the match. Ward-Prowse is beginning to get noticed at Southampton.
Tony Pulis believes Joey Barton 'probably had a point' when he said West Brom's*** themselves' during defeat to QPR in December. QPR came from two goals down to win 3-2 at the Hawthorns. West Brom host QPR in the Premier League on Saturday.
Manchester City host Manchester United in the derby on Sunday. Sergio Aguero has scored six times against United since 2011. Radamel Falcao says he is happy at United despite playing a bit-part role.
Wasps coach Dai Young has called for reform to the Premiership salary cap. His comments came after his team lost 32-18 to Toulon on Sunday. Toulon were made to work hard for the win at Stade Felix Mayol.
Tottenham Hotspur are moving forward with the next step towards their new £400million stadium development at White Hart Lane. The final opponent to the move, Archway Sheet Metal Works, is being demolished. Spurs plan to open a new 'world-class' 56,000-seater stadium in just over three years time. Having secured the appropriate planning permission and fought off a legal challenge against a compulsory purchase order, progress is being made.
Reece Oxford signed his first professional contract earlier this season. The 16-year-old has been on the bench for the senior side this season. Oxford scored for the Under 21s against Manchester United on Tuesday.
St Mirren's Gary Teale has hit back at Ronny Deila's criticism of the pitch. Deila branded most surfaces in the Scottish Premiership ‘terrible’ and said artificial pitches would make for better spectacles. Teale feels Deila's criticism was unjustified and unfair on the Paisley club’s award-winning groundsman, Tommy Docherty.
Manchester United go four points clear at the top of the Under 21 Premier League. Adnan Januzaj captained the young Red Devils. Reece Oxford gave West Ham an early lead. Josh Harrop scored twice to secure all three points.
St Mirren host Partick Thistle in the Scottish Premiership on Wednesday. Celtic boss Ronny Deila has criticised the playing surface at St Mirren Park following the Hoops' 2-0 Scottish Premiership win on Friday night. Buddies boss Gary Teale hit back at Deila's claims, saying: 'It's maybe a bit firm but it's an excellent surface'
Cristiano Ronaldo scored five goals in Real Madrid's 9-1 win against Granada. It was the Portuguese's first-ever five-goal game and 300th of his career. Karim Benzema hailed Ronaldo as a 'phenomenon' after the game.
Stuart McCall has won approval from supporters after three successive wins. The former Motherwell boss arrived last month on a deal until the end of the season. Shane Ferguson is finally set to arrive at Murray Park next week.
Manchester United beat Aston Villa 3-1 at Old Trafford on Saturday. Ander Herrera scored the opening goal of the game in the 43rd minute. Louis van Gaal admitted he was so pleased with the goal, he kissed him at half-time.
Alastair Cook and Peter Moores put on a united front ahead of a five-week tour they cannot afford to go wrong. England left for the Caribbean on Thursday knowing they must beat the West Indies on their return to Test cricket. The stakes are high for England after a disastrous World Cup.
Christian Benteke has scored seven goals in his last five games for Aston Villa. Tim Sherwood's arrival at Villa Park has rejuvenated his form. Benteke is in line for a pay cut if Villa are relegated from the Premier League.
Palermo forward has been linked with a number of European clubs. Arsenal and Juventus have both made bids for the 21-year-old. Dybala says he could be playing his final games for Palermo.
Amir Khan spent a day at a safari park with his family in northern California. The Bolton-born boxer fed a rare white tiger as well as posing with giraffes and sea lions. Khan has announced his next fight will be against Chris Algieri on May 30.
James Rodriguez has been out since the beginning of February with a foot injury. The former Monaco playmaker has been named in the Real starting XI for the visit of Granada on Sunday. Rodriguez, Toni Kroos, Gareth Bale (Wales), Cristiano Ronaldo (Portugal) and Luka Modric (Croatia) form the 'hard core' of the side.
Jose Mourinho didn't rule out a potential 12,000-mile round trip to Japan. No final decision has been made on a destination but the squad is likely to fly out on either May 28 or 29 for a two-match, week-long trip. The news may concern a string of international bosses who will be relying on Chelsea players in mid-June.
Blackburn Rovers host Liverpool in their FA Cup sixth round replay. The two sides drew 0-0 at Anfield in the first round on March 9. Blackburn midfielder John O'Sullivan was on loan at Barnsley at the time. Rovers boss Gary Bowyer says it 'doesn't make sense' that he can't use O'Sullivan.
Burnley travel to White Hart Lane to face Tottenham Hotspur on Sunday. Sean Dyche's side are currently 15th in the Premier League table. Dyche believes his side are capable of avoiding the drop.
Napoli lost 1-0 at home to Lazio in the Coppa Italia semi-final second leg. The result means Rafael Benitez's side are out of the competition. Aurelio De Laurentiis has threatened to send his players to a training camp if they do not improve between now and the end of the season.
Cleveland Cavaliers beat Miami Heat 114-88 at the American Airlines Arena. LeBron James and Kyrie Irving both scored 23 points apiece. James passed Patrick Ewing into 20th place on NBA's all-time scoring list. Golden State Warriors beat Phoenix Suns 107-106 in overtime. Houston Rockets beat Dallas Mavericks 108-101 in Texas.
Blackpool were relegated from the Premier League on Easter Monday. Supporters gathered outside Bloomfield Road to protest against the Oyston family. Jamie O'Hara scored from the penalty spot to give Blackpool a lead. But Grant Hall scored an own goal just after half-time to equalise.
Alastair Cook completed a century on the second morning of England's opening tour match. Cook resumed on 95 and reached three figures with minimal fuss. He offered a gentle wave of the bat and a handshake to partner Gary Ballance and walked off on 101 from 200 deliveries.
Liverpool travel to the Emirates to face Arsenal in the Premier League on Saturday. Brendan Rodgers' side are currently fifth in the table, five points adrift of the Champions League places. Defeat at the Emirates would be a huge blow to their top-four ambitions.
England beat St Kitts Invitational XI by 95 runs in Basseterre. Jonathan Trott and Alastair Cook put on 158 for the first wicket. Ben Stokes took three wickets in five balls for England.
Jacques Burger is loved by his Saracens team-mates every bit as much as he is loathed by opponents who fear the reckless abandon with which he is prepared to play the game. Saracens take on Racing Metro in Paris on Sunday in the European Champions Cup quarter-final. Saracens director of rugby Mark McCall described Burger as ‘unique among rugby players’, praising his willingness to ignore risks to his own wellbeing.
Chelsea host Stoke City in the Premier League on Saturday evening. Jose Mourinho's side lead the table by six points with a game in hand. Blues boss insists he doesn't care where Chelsea finish in the league. Mourinho also confirmed Diego Costa has recovered from a hamstring injury. Click here for Chelsea transfer news.
Liverpool face Arsenal at the Emirates in the Premier League on Saturday. A win could see Brendan Rodgers' side move eight points clear of Manchester United in the race for fourth place. UEFA have announced significant increases in prize money for their top competition from next season.
Olivier Giroud won the Barclays Premier League player of the month. The Arsenal striker scored five times in four consecutive league wins. Giroud becomes the 16th French winner of the award. Thierry Henry is the most successful Frenchman with four wins.
Liverpool face Arsenal in the Premier League at the Emirates on Saturday. Five hat-tricks have been scored in this fixture since the start of the league. One more than has been netted in Newcastle United vs Manchester United. Robbie Fowler scored the quickest hat-trick in Premier League history in 1994. Thierry Henry, Peter Crouch and Andrey Arshavin also netted trebles.
Mario Balotelli, Fabio Borini, Rickie Lambert and Lazar Markovic met YouTube star Bas van Velzen at Melwood. The Liverpool quartet were led to believe Van Velzen was a competition winner who had won the opportunity to meet the Anfield stars. But the Dutch free-kick specialist proved to be a real talent.
Freddie Sears put Ipswich ahead after six minutes with a close-range finish. Kenwyne Jones came off the bench to equalise for Bournemouth. Eddie Howe's side remain top of the Championship table.
Brad Haddin came under fire for his send-off of Kiwi opener Martin Guptill. Haddin and all-rounder James Faulkner also mocked Grant Elliott after his dismissal cast a shadow over the Australian’s fifth World Cup triumph. Sportsmail’s David Lloyd, who is part of the ICC’s umpire selection panel, has added his voice to the chorus of criticism aimed at the Australians.
Rickie Fowler has earned extra brownie points with his growing legion of fans after calling out an online hater. Alexis Randock posted a photo on her Instagram account of her and sister Nicole on the beach last week. The photo was shared with her 25,000 followers, which included an abusive commenter known as 'fatalsplash' who accused Alexis of being a 'gold digger''Fatalsplash' was roundly criticised, being called a moron and accused of working at McDonald's.
Mark Wood has been called up by England for the Test series against West Indies. The 25-year-old is not the shape or size of your traditional fast bowler. Wood has sought advice from former Durham and England fast bowler Steve Harmison.
Ian Bell signed his first contract with Warwickshire in 1999. The 32-year-old has played 105 Test matches and 161 one-day internationals for England. Bell has won five trophies with Warwickshire, including the County Championship in 2004 and 2012, the B&H Cup in 2002, the Clydesdale Bank 40 in 2010 and most recently the NatWest T20 Blast at Edgbaston last season.
Yorkshire have cancelled the contract of Younus Khan. Khan was set to be Yorkshire's overseas signing for 2015. Yorkshire have signed Cheteshwar Pujara until the end of May.
Marco Negri joined Rangers from Perugia for £3.5million in 1997. He scored 23 goals in his first 10 league games for the Ibrox outfit. However, a series of injuries destabilised his career in Glasgow. Negri reveals he quit the club after fearing he had AIDS.
Liverpool lost 4-1 to Arsenal at The Emirates in the Premier League on Saturday. Raheem Sterling started up front as Daniel Sturridge missed out through injury. Jordan Henderson deputised at right-wing-back and Sterling moved to the left. Arsenal fans jeered Sterling when he was brought down for a penalty.
Former All Black Mils Muliaina was arrested at Kingsholm on Friday. Muliaina was taken away by police following Connacht's 14-7 defeat. The arrest was captured live on Sky Sports during the Challenge Cup quarter-final.
John Hartson was diagnosed with testicular cancer in 2009. The disease had spread to Hartson's brain and lungs. The former Celtic striker admits cancer forced him to change his ways. Hartson says he is'wiser and more settled in life than I ever thought possible'
Massimo Cellino says Leeds owner Eleonora Sport is considering offer. Leeds chairman Andrew Umbers said he was not aware of an offer. Red Bull already own three clubs - RB Leipzig in Germany, Red Bull Salzburg in Austria and MLS side New York Red Bulls.
Liverpool legend Steve Heighway predicted in 1992 that Steven Gerrard would be a success. Heighway was reporting on a game between England Schoolboys and Republic of Ireland when he saw Gerrard play at just 12-years-old. Gerrard has gone on to make 499 appearances for his boyhood team.
A Brazilian website is claiming to have the new Chelsea kit for sale. The website has Gareth Bale's name on the back of the shirts. Bale's name has been linked with a return to the Premier League. Didier Drogba's Chelsea deal expires at the end of the season.
Kevin Pietersen has rejoined Surrey in a last-ditch bid to earn his place in England's Ashes squad this summer. Darren Gough says Pietersen has a'small percentage' chance of returning. England face Australia in just under 100 days time - a team with soaring confidence after their World Cup win.
Manchester City travel to Crystal Palace in the Premier League on Monday. Manuel Pellegrini's side are eight points behind leaders Chelsea. City could end up in fourth place if results go against them.
David Villa joined New York City earlier this month. The former Barcelona forward has scored once in the MLS. New York are currently third in the Eastern conference.
Harry Kane won his first England cap against Italy last week. The Tottenham striker is eligible to play for both the Young Lions and the full squad for the European Championships in 2016. But Kenny Dalglish says he should stay fresh for the full tournament.
Arsenal beat Liverpool 4-1 in their Premier League clash on Saturday. The Gunners are seven points behind leaders Chelsea with a game in hand. Arsene Wenger says his team must be 'perfect' until the end of the season.
Treasurer Joe Hockey said the states had agreed to apply the 10 per cent GST to movies and music downloaded from streaming services such as Netflix and Apple. The changes may also affect consumers buying any products for less than $1,000 online from overseas. But consumer advocacy group Choice says tech-savvy consumers might be able to avoid the tax by concealing their location through virtual private networks.
Deion Sanders called out his son Deion Sanders Jr. on Twitter this week, after he wrote about needing 'hood doughnuts almost every morning' Sanders Jr. is a sophomore at Southern Methodist University, and is a talented wide receiver. His dad is said to be worth around $40million, and won Super Bowls with both the Dallas Cowboys and San Francisco 49ers.
Wesley Sneijder tweeted 'Finally my GalatasaraySK knife set is now available and can be delivered everywhere' on Saturday. Leeds fans Kevin Speight and Christopher Loftus were stabbed to death in Istanbul on April 5, 2000. A minute's silence will be held before Leeds and Blackburn Rovers meet at Elland Road on Saturday. Sneijder later deleted the tweet and apologised.
Arsenal beat Liverpool 4-1 in their Premier League clash on Saturday. Goals from Hector Bellerin, Mesut Ozil and Alexis Sanchez put the Gunners 3-0 ahead. Jordan Henderson pulled one back from the penalty spot for the visitors. Olivier Giroud completed the scoreline with a brilliant strike in injury time.
The dramatic, up-close images, captured by a Bornean student, show the incredible power of the tiny creature. The weaver ant is able to cleverly balance the centipede which is much larger and heavier but helpless in the insect's grasp.
Supporters from Arsenal and Liverpool left their seats empty during the first 10 minutes of their lunchtime Barclays Premier League clash. A banner inside the Emirates read: '£5bn and what do we get? £64 a ticket' Supporters gathered outside the stadium before kick-off to show off banners against the rising costs of modern football.
Analysts at US intelligence agencies like the CIA, NSA, and National Counterterrorism Center watch graphic videos all day. They receive treatment from specialist psychologists to help them deal with the emotional trauma they experience. Analysts often suffer sensations of sickness, bouts of grief, and periods of depression.
The members of 30 legendary bands are blended into 30 single faces. Kurt Cobain is clearly visible in Nirvana's merged shot. Eddie Van Halen dominates the image of Van Halen.
The Broward State Attorney's Office reported on Thursday that they had already dropped 12 felony cases, 19 criminal misdemeanor cases and one juvenile case. Nearly 20 more dismissals are expected. All of the four officers involved in the case committed misconduct involving racist texts 'exchanged among themselves and former police officers' The series of text messages were filled with the N-word and other slurs, and the video included a doctored image of President Obama wearing gold teeth.
Jia Binhui, 25, cannot afford hospital treatment and hopes his alternative treatment will fight the deadly disease. He built a human barbecue in his garden in southwest China's Yunnan Province, which he lies on above a fire below. Jia, who was diagnosed with blood cancer in 2013, has had a bone marrow transplant, costing £55,000, which was funded by well-wishers.
Council inspectors also found filthy food preparation areas at Gillingham takeaway. Kunaratnam Kunanatha admitted seven offences under food safety rules. He was fined £14,500 and ordered to pay £2,793 in costs at Medway Magistrates' Court.
Fenerbahce team bus came under armed attack on Saturday night. Bus driver was wounded in the attack and taken to hospital. Fenerbahce have called for the suspension of the Turkish championship.
Jodie Taylor opened the scoring for England after just a minute. Fran Kirby then scored the second goal of her short international career. England struggled to build on their early assault on the China goal. Wang Shanshan pulled a goal back for China in the 16th minute.
Manchester United beat Aston Villa 3-1 in their Premier League clash. Wayne Rooney scored a stunning half-volley to open the scoring. Ander Herrera believes Rooney is the'strongest guy' in the United squad.
Manchester United sit fourth in the Premier League standings. Louis van Gaal's side have a five-point cushion over the chasing pack. United face Aston Villa at Old Trafford on Saturday.
Jose Mourinho admitted that he has a strong faith in God. The Chelsea manager said that he only prays for things in his personal life. He never discusses football with his wife Matilde Faria. The 52-year-old father-of-two said that he is a good person.
A letter from Richie Benaud to a young English cricket fan, Jonathon Stevenson, almost 20 years ago emerged on Friday. Mr Stevenson shared the lengthy response on Twitter as a tribute to the 'great man' The typed letter, dated September 27, 1996, was personally signed by Benaud.
Cricket commentator Richie Benaud has died aged 84 in a Sydney hospice. He had been receiving radiation treatment for skin cancer since November. Benaud died peacefully in his sleep surrounded by his wife Daphne and family members. A veteran of 63 Test matches, Benaud played a pivotal role in the formation of World Series Cricket in the 1970s.
Patrick O'Flynn said Ukip is 'lagging' behind with female voters. Admitted members can be 'boorish' and 'chauvinistic' at events. Ukip deputy chairman Suzanne Evans blamed 'lies' from other parties.
Raheem Sterling has rejected a contract extension worth £100,000 a week. The Liverpool winger has just two years left on his current deal. Brendan Rodgers has criticised the player's advisor, Aidy Ward. The Liverpool boss said Ward has been'manipulated' by outside forces.
Vanessa Santillan was found strangled and beaten to death last month. The 33-year-old's body was found in a £400,000 flat in Fulham, London. A 23-year-old man was arrested in connection with her death but has been bailed. Scotland Yard is appealing to anyone who had contact with Miss Santillan.
Chelsea beat Stoke 2-1 in their Premier League clash at Stamford Bridge. Eden Hazard opened the scoring from the penalty spot in the first half. Charlie Adam equalised with a stunning strike from inside his own half. Asmir Begovic's error led to Loic Remy tapping in the winner.
Derek Skyler Brux, 22, pleaded guilty in January to stealing a train. He unhitched a pair of locomotives and went on a high-speed run down one of the busiest lines of track in the country. Brux crashed into an inactive Union Pacific train at 10mph before backing up and then hitting it again. He was sentenced to five years probation and must pay $63,000 in restitution.
A letter from Richie Benaud to a young English fan, Jonathon Stevenson, almost 20 years ago emerged on Friday. Mr Stevenson shared the lengthy response on Twitter as a tribute to the 'great man' The typed letter, dated September 27, 1996, was personally signed by Benaud.
Dan Klice, 57, was officiating at a competition at Ramapo College in New Jersey. Police say he saw the projectile and tried to dodge it - but fell over. His fall left his left heel exposed, which was hit by the soaring weapon.
Championship leaders Middlesbrough face Watford on Monday. Aitor Karanka's side are seven points clear of second-placed Bournemouth. Watford's Odion Ighalo has scored 18 goals this season.
The piglet was born with its back legs missing and has mastered the art of balancing on its front trotters. The heartwarming clip features the young animal taking unsteady steps, wobbling about with its snout to the ground.
Malky Mackay was sacked as Wigan manager on Easter Monday. The Latics are currently bottom of the Championship table. Gary Caldwell will take charge for the first time against Fulham on Friday. Chairman David Sharpe said Caldwell was 'the only candidate we considered'
Talented toddler carefully balances three small bowls on her head as she performs a series of dance moves to music. She carefully spins around to the music, in an adorable attempt at what appears to be a traditional female dance. The dance is also very similar to the Mongolian Bowl Dance, a folk dance which is performed by female dancers across Asia.
Stuart Dallas opened the scoring for Brentford in the 24th minute. Ross McCormack equalised from the penalty spot in the 67th minute. Alan Judge made sure of the points with a late free-kick.
Peter Moores insists he could work with Michael Vaughan if he becomes England’s new director of cricket. Former England captain Vaughan is the leading candidate to replace Paul Downton. Downton was sacked as managing director of England cricket on Wednesday.
Michael Vaughan, Alec Stewart and Andrew Strauss are bidding to lead England's reform after Paul Downton was sacked as managing director. All three achieved a great deal while playing for England. Sportsmail takes a closer look at the trio battling to become the most powerful man in English cricket.
Diego Costa limped off during Chelsea's 2-1 win over Stoke City. The Spain international is likely to miss games against QPR and Man United. Jose Mourinho was happy to have gambled with Costa's fitness.
Mario Balotelli did not travel with the Liverpool squad to face Arsenal. Brendan Rodgers revealed the striker withdrew himself after taking a'slight knock' to his knee in training on Friday. Balotelli has scored just four goals in 25 appearances for Liverpool.
Clermont thrashed Northampton 37-5 in the European Rugby Champions Cup. The result saw the Saints exit the competition at the quarter-final stage. Noa Nakaitaci claimed two tries and his France team-mate Wesley Fofana and former Bath full-back Nick Abendanon crossed.
Robert Lewandowski scored the winner on his first visit back to the club he left on a free transfer last summer. The Polish striker chose not to celebrate on his return to the Signal Iduna Park. Lewandowski spent four years at Dortmund, leading them to back-to-back league titles during that period.
Rory McIlroy is favourite to win the Masters at Augusta National. Paul McGinley, McIlroy's Ryder Cup-winning coach, says the world No 1 aims to become the true figurehead of his sport. McGinley says McIlroy's ambitions are unlike Jose Mourinho.
Danny Willett holed a 60-foot putt for eagle at the par-five 13th. The 27-year-old carded an opening round of 71 at Augusta on Thursday. Willett qualified by being in the world's top 50 at the end of last season.
Alan Stubbs feared crowd trouble if his side formed a guard of honour for Hearts in the Edinburgh derby. Hearts head coach Robbie Neilson and Jambos defender Alim Ozturk have both rounded on their city rivals. Rangers lined up to applaud Hearts on to the Ibrox pitch when the teams played just over a week ago.
Sam Allardyce's contract as West Ham manager expires at the end of the season. There is a meeting planned for at the end of May to discuss his future. Allardyce admits he does not know if he will be at the club next season.
Thomas Bjorn's shot landed firmly in the lap of a female fan. American Russell Henley shot 68 as he made a good start to his second Masters. Ian Poulter was not happy with his opening round of 73.
Video footage shows Blaine Taylor from Aberdeen, Scotland, competing against his older brother, Cody. But as he goes to roll his egg down a grassy hill, he accidentally steps on it with shell and yolk mushed into the ground.
Arnold Palmer, Jack Nicklaus and Gary Player hit ceremonial drives. The 85-year-old legend has been struggling with a dislocated shoulder. Nicklaus and Player both hit drives on the par-four first hole.
Natasha Jonas has announced her retirement from boxing. Jonas was the first female boxer to represent Great Britain in the Olympics. The 30-year-old made history when she took on Katie Taylor of Ireland.
Novak Djokovic beat John Isner 7-6 (3), 6-2 in the semi-finals. The No 1-seeded Serb will face Andy Murray in Sunday's final. Djokovic won the Key Biscayne title in 2007, 2011, 2012 and 2014.
Mauricio Pochettino has gathered a reputation since arriving in England. He is also becoming the manager for whom young Englishmen wish to play. Pochettino's record of sticking by English players such as Rickie Lambert, Adam Lallana and Jay Rodriguez, struck a chord with Ryan Mason and his peers. James Ward-Prowse, 20, who scored the winner for England Under 21s against Germany on Monday, is likely to be promoted to the senior squad this summer.
Nico Rosberg and Lewis Hamilton visited Mercedes' Brackley base on Thursday. The pair hope to find a winning formula come race weekend in China. Mercedes were beaten by Sebastian Vettel at the Malaysian Grand Prix.
The German Grand Prix has been dropped from the 2015 calendar. F1 supremo Bernie Ecclestone has not been able to guarantee the Italian Grand Prix's future. Jackie Stewart wants Europe's 'essential races' to remain unchanged.
Lewis Hamilton attended Nelson Mandela's 90th birthday party in 2008. British racer wanted to introduce himself to Hollywood actor Will Smith. Hamilton stepped on the foot of former USA President Bill Clinton.
Part of the 'Wing' at Silverstone was damaged by high winds on Sunday and Monday. Images on social media appeared to show a section of the roof had been removed. Silverstone sporting director Stuart Pringle insists upcoming races will not be affected.
Lewis Hamilton features on the front cover of the May edition of Men's Health. The Mercedes driver discusses the meaning behind his tattoos. The 30-year-old also discusses the physical demands of F1 racing.
Jason Robinson scored for England in the 2003 World Cup final against Australia. The 40-year-old has revealed he contemplated suicide during a troubled period of his career in which he was arrested for violent offences. Robinson credits then team-mate Va'aiga Tuigamala with turning things around.
Zimbabwe are willing to tour Pakistan for five one-day internationals. Pakistan haven't played a Test nation since the attacks on Sri Lanka's bus in March 2009. Shaharyar Khan hopes the tour will go ahead next month.
Daniel Levy sacked Tim Sherwood as Tottenham head coach at the end of last season and brought in Mauricio Pochettino. Sherwood takes charge of Aston Villa for the first time at White Hart Lane on Saturday. The 46-year-old has revealed he is still in touch with Levy and thanks the club's board for ending his time at White Hart Lane.
Alex Rodriguez returned to the New York Yankees line-up for the baseball season's opening day following a 162-game suspension. Rodriguez received a warm welcome on his comeback, with fans even holding up signs that read 'Forgive' in the crowd. There were giant American flags, national anthems sang loud and proud, and grand entrances via parachutes.
The 2015 County Championship season begins on Sunday. Yorkshire will be looking to defend their Division One title. Kevin Pietersen will hope his runs help Surrey to promotion from second tier.
Burnley and Tottenham drew 0-0 at Turf Moor in the Premier League. Michael Duff was pleased with the way his side dealt with Harry Kane. The Clarets pressed high up the pitch as a way of limiting the Spurs striker.
Jordan Henderson lost the ball 23 times in 90 minutes against Arsenal. John O'Shea sprinted just 11.9 metres in Sunderland's 1-0 win over Newcastle. Steven Caulker is returning to his best for QPR. Sean Dyche picked an unchanged side for the 16th time this season.
Nedum Onuoha is one of several players poised to leave QPR this summer. Hull City are interested in the centre-back who has 15 months left on contract. QPR have held talks over a move for Nicolas Spolli who is on loan at Catania. Hull are also showing interest in West Bromwich Albion striker Victor Anichebe.
Harry Kane has hailed his week as the 'best of my life' after captaining Tottenham and making his England debut. The 21-year-old scored within seconds of his England debut against Lithuania on March 27 at Wembley. Kane could not break the deadlock for Spurs in their 0-0 draw at Burnley. The result leaves Tottenham seven points adrift of fourth-placed Manchester City with a vastly inferior goal difference.
Diego de Girolamo is out of contract at Sheffield United at the end of the season. Benfica and Juventus are interested in signing the Italy Under 20 man. De Girolamo is currently on loan at Northampton Town.
Eduardo Vargas opened the scoring for Queens Park Rangers with a 25-yard strike. Charlie Austin doubled QPR's lead on the 35th minute with a header from Matt Phillips' corner. Bobby Zamora added a third for QPR in the 43rd minute with a stunning lob over Boaz Myhill. Youssouf Mulumbu was sent off for a foul on Joey Barton. Victor Anichebe scored a consolation goal for West Brom in the 58th minute. Barton added a fourth for QPR in the final minutes of the game.
Andy King scored his 50th goal for Leicester City in win over West Ham. The striker says it could be his most important goal yet for the club. Leicester are still bottom of the Premier League, four points from safety.
Neil Taylor has been an ever-present in Swansea's side this season. Tony Pulis is keen for Taylor to fill in at left back, where he has struggled. Pulis has been forced to play Joleon Lescott and Chris Brunt at left back.
Leicester beat West Ham 2-1 at the King Power Stadium on Saturday. Esteban Cambiasso scored the opener for the hosts. Nigel Pearson has heaped praise on the 34-year-old.
Daniel Agger elbowed Mattias Jorgensen in the head on Monday. Match officials took no action after the incident in the Copenhagen derby. Agger has been banned for two games by the Danish FA.
James Tomkins dislocated his shoulder in the gym last month. The West Ham United defender has undergone successful surgery. Tomkins hopes to return to action before the end of the season.
Haris Vuckic has scored six goals in 10 games since joining Rangers. The 22-year-old could stay at Ibrox beyond this season. Vuckic has one year left on his contract at St James' Park.
Harry Kane takes on Etienne Capoue, Nabil Bentaleb, Eric Dier, Roberto Soldado, Danny Rose and Christian Eriksen in crossbar challenge. Spurs' UEFA Cup-winning captain Graham Roberts was on hand to provide inspiration. Mauricio Pochettino's side are preparing to host Aston Villa on Saturday.
Ronny Deila admitted that the first six months were mentally tough. Celtic had twice exited Europe while Hamilton Accies had left Celtic Park triumphant. But results have picked up and they lead the Premiership.
Real Madrid beat Rayo Vallecano 2-0 on Wednesday night. Cristiano Ronaldo was shown a yellow card for diving in the penalty area. The decision means Ronaldo could be suspended for the game against Eibar.
Jeremy Peace is ready to shelve the sale of West Brom if a deal is not in place by July. The West Brom chairman has fielded enquiries from consortia in America, China and Australia. Peace owns 77 per cent and is looking to sell the club for between £150million to £200m.
Manchester United travel to Manchester City in the Premier League on Sunday. Louis van Gaal has played Wayne Rooney up front in recent matches. Rio Ferdinand believes that this has led to United's upturn in form.
Glenn Murray has scored a goal every 91 minutes for Crystal Palace this season. That is a better minutes-per-goal ratio than anyone else in the top flight. Harry Kane and Diego Costa are locked on 19 goals in the race to finish as this season's top scorer but rank fourth and fifth respectively.
Peter Quillin will fight Andy Lee next weekend in Limerick. The American has a 71 per cent knockout rate in his undefeated career. Quillin says he took a sabbatical to deal with the emotions of welcoming his first child into the world.
Atletico Madrid beat Cordoba 2-0 to leapfrog Valencia in La Liga. Antoine Griezmann and Saul Niguez scored for Diego Simeone's side. Valencia can reclaim third with a win against Villarreal on Sunday.
Alan Pardew believes he is better than some of the Premier League's big-name managers. The Crystal Palace boss has no immediate plans to leave Selhurst Park. Palace have won six out of 10 league games since Pardew succeeded Neil Warnock at the start of the year.
Billy Joe Saunders and Chris Eubank Jnr could fight in under six weeks. The pair are due to fight at Wembley Arena on May 9. Saunders beat Eubank Jnr in a 12-round grudge match back in November. Eubank is the current WBA interim world champion.
Ander Herrera scored twice in Manchester United's 3-0 win against Aston Villa. The Spaniard has established himself in Louis van Gaal's first team plans. The 25-year-old started just three of United's 21 games between October 20 and February 17.
Manchester United beat Aston Villa 3-1 in their Premier League clash. Ander Herrera opened the scoring before half time. Wayne Rooney made it two after the interval with a superb second. Christian Benteke pulled one back for Tim Sherwood's side. But Herrera added his second and United's third late on.
QPR ended a five-match losing run with a 4-1 win against West Brom. Chris Ramsey's side are still in the relegation zone but are just three points behind fellow strugglers Aston Villa. Joey Barton believes his side have a 'hell of a chance' of staying up.
Anthony Joshua stopped experienced American Jason Gavern in the third round. Gavern, in his 50th fight, was dropped twice in the second round and twice more in the third before the contest was waved off in Newcastle. Joshua was returning from a five-month lay-off after suffering a stress fracture in his back.
David Templeton criticised the training methods of Ally McCoist and Kenny McDowall. Stuart McCall has delivered a sharp rebuke to the winger. Lee McCulloch has been warned he could lose his place in the team.
Dereck Chisora has not boxed since he was stopped by Tyson Fury. The fight was a final eliminator for a shot at Wladimir Klitschko's WBO title. Chisora has been regrouping and recovering from an eye injury.
Dave King won around 85 per cent shareholder backing to return to the Rangers boardroom at the club’s EGM last month. He required the consent of the court due to previously being a director in the Ibrox oldco which entered liquidation in 2012. The South African-based businessman hopes yesterday’s decision will now convince the SFA to pass him as ‘fit and proper’
Manchester United beat Aston Villa 3-1 at Old Trafford on Saturday. Louis van Gaal's side are eight points clear of Liverpool in the race for the top-four. United host Manchester City in the derby next Sunday. Angel di Maria could return to the starting line-up. CLICK HERE for all the latest Manchester United news.
Xavi has managed just five starts for Barcelona in 2015. Midfielder Xavi travelled to Qatar to discuss a possible switch to Al Sadd. 35-year-old Xavi assisted Jeremy Mathieu's winner against Celta Vigo.
Barcelona defeated Celta Vigo 1-0 in their La Liga clash on Sunday. Celta Vigo forward Fabian Orellana was sent off for throwing grass at Sergio Busquets. Orellana will miss his side's next game against Granada on Wednesday.
Sven Bender says Borussia Dortmund need to start scoring more. Jurgen Klopp's men have failed to score in four of their last five league games. Dortmund face Hoffenheim in the DFB Pokal on Tuesday night.
Franck Ribery was sold on his importance to Bayern Munich in 2009. He was told he was as important as Lionel Messi was to Barcelona. The Frenchman was convinced to stay after being sold on his importance.
Antonio Di Natale played alongside Alexis Sanchez for five years at Udinese. Di Natale has hailed the Chilean as the best strike partner he's ever had. The 37-year-old believes Sanchez is better than Neymar at Barcelona.
Roma fans taunted the mother of a Napoli fan who died in clashes. Antonella Leardi's son Ciro Esposito was shot during clashes after last year's Coppa Italia final between Napoli and Fiorentina. Leardi watched her son's death on TV and was 'hurt' by the banners. Roma have been sanctioned and will have part of their stadium closed.
Malky Mackay was sensationally sacked by Wigan Athletic on Monday. Hibs boss Alan Stubbs has emerged as a candidate to succeed Mackay. Former Wigan defender Gary Caldwell is expected to be handed the manager's role on a temporary basis.
Juventus defeated Fiorentina to progress to the Coppa Italia final. Alessandro Matri, Roberto Pereyra and Leonardo Bonucci scored for the Old Lady. Juventus were without key trio Carlos Tevez, Paul Pogba and Andrea Pirlo.
Kevin Toner is out of contract with Aston Villa at the end of the season. The central defender has been capped by the Republic of Ireland Under-19s. Tim Sherwood is keen to develop Villa's young talent.
Celtic beat St Mirren 2-0 in the Premiership on Friday night. James Forrest and Stefan Johansen scored for Ronny Deila's side. But the Bhoys boss berated the state of the pitches in Scotland.
Celtic beat St Mirren 2-0 in Paisley on Friday night. Stefan Johansen believes his side's title prospects 'look great' Ronny Deila's side are now eight points clear of Aberdeen.
Rory McIlroy is favourite to win the Masters at Augusta. The Northern Irishman would complete the career Grand Slam. Gary Player believes McIlroy will succeed where Tiger Woods failed. Jack Nicklaus, Ben Hogan and Gene Sarazen all achieved the feat.
Rory McIlroy is targeting his third major title and the completion of his career Grand Slam at the 2015 Masters. The world No 1 is playing alongside Tiger Woods, who is ranked 111th in the world. McIlroy has won 11 of his 14 majors ranked No 1 in the world.
Rory McIlroy is favourite to win the Masters at Augusta next week. The world No 1 grew up watching Tiger Woods and idolised him. Nike have released a video called 'Ripple' charting McIlroy's rise. McIlroy says Woods is the best player he has ever seen.
Barcelona are seven points clear at the top of La Liga. Luis Enrique insists he is not concerned by Neymar's recent goal drought. The Brazil forward has not scored for Barcelona since February 15.
Ian Poulter has two top 10 finishes at the Masters in his 10 attempts. The 39-year-old Englishman believes he will still claim the game’s two biggest prizes. Poulter admits the prospect of retiring without a major victory would leave him unfulfilled.
Manchester City lost 2-1 to Crystal Palace at Selhurst Park on Wednesday. The defeat leaves Manuel Pellegrini's side in fourth place in the table. Pellegrini believes that Palace's first goal, scored by Glenn Murray, was clearly offside. Jason Puncheon gave Palace a 2-0 lead with a superb free-kick. Yaya Toure scored a late consolation goal for City.
Barcelona defeated Celta Vigo 1-0 in their La Liga clash. Jeremy Mathieu scored the only goal of the game in the 73rd minute. Quinton Fortune claims Neymar's body language was off during the match. The Brazilian has failed to score in his last four games for Barcelona.
Stoke City lost 2-1 to Chelsea in their Premier League clash. Charlie Adam scored the goal of his career from inside his own half. Adam's audacious effort was clocked at more than 45 miles per hour.
Chelsea beat Stoke 2-1 in their Premier League clash at Stamford Bridge. John Terry hailed Eden Hazard as one of the world's best players. Belgian international scored a penalty and set up Loic Remy for winner. Diego Costa looks set to miss at least two weeks with hamstring injury.
Raheem Sterling has put off contract talks with Liverpool until the summer. The 20-year-old has attracted interest from Real Madrid, Bayern Munich, Manchester City and Arsenal. Sterling's current £35,000-a-week deal has two years to run.
Watford's Marco Motta saw red just before half-time when he brought down Johnny Russell in the area. Darren Bent scored the resulting penalty to level the scores at 1-1. Tom Ince gave Derby the lead with a smart finish in the 57th minute. Odion Ighalo equalised for Watford with 15 minutes to go.
Dundee United have failed to win any of their last 10 games. Jackie McNamara's side were beaten 2-0 by Dundee in Scottish League Cup. Dundee United have reached back-to-back domestic cup finals for the first time in 29 years.
Andre Ayew is out of contract at Marseille at the end of the season. The forward is available on a free transfer at the end of the campaign. Inter Milan are understood to be leading the race to land the Ghana international.
Edinson Cavani insists he has a respectful relationship with Zlatan Ibrahimovic. Reports had suggested the pair do not get on at Paris Saint-Germain. But the Uruguay international insists they are not necessarily friends. Cavani has been linked with a summer exit from the French capital.
Clermont beat Northampton 37-5 in the European Champions Cup on Saturday. Former Bath full back Nick Abendanon was man of the match. The 28-year-old is theoretically out of contention as an exile abroad. But he invoked the ‘exceptional circumstances’ clause in the RFU selection policy.
Paul Casey has returned to the world's top 50 after leaving the European Tour. The Englishman 'desperately' wants to play in the Ryder Cup again. Only Tour members can play in the team and Casey gave up his membership after deciding to concentrate on the PGA Tour.
Harry Redknapp says Raheem Sterling should focus on football not contract. Former QPR boss believes Sterling is not ready to move to Real Madrid. Steve McManaman has labelled the situation 'ridiculous' and 'baffling' Click here for more Liverpool news.
Harry Kane believes Tottenham can still qualify for the Champions League. Spurs are currently seventh in the Premier League table. Kane became the youngest Premier League captain this season.
Tim Sherwood and Chris Ramsey forged their friendship at Tottenham. The pair formed an alliance after Sherwood was made responsible for the club's youth and Under 21 programmes in 2008. The bond is strong even if Sherwood is blocking Ramsey's mobile phone calls temporarily. Sherwood hinted on Monday that if Ramsey's tenure at Loftus Road ends, he would ask to bring him to Villa Park.
Raheem Sterling has not yet signed a new contract at Liverpool. But Brendan Rodgers insists he has never said he wants to leave. Rodgers says his relationship with Sterling is as strong as ever.
Jose Mourinho says he would sell any player who didn't want to play for Chelsea. Raheem Sterling has rejected a £100,000-a-week contract from Liverpool. The 20-year-old has also been linked with Arsenal and Man City. CLICK HERE for all the latest Liverpool news.
Owen, like Sterling, started his senior career at Liverpool. He eventually moved on to Real Madrid in 2004. Owen says that Sterling is in a great place to develop. But he says that it doesn't mean he owes the club anything.
Tourists filmed a guide peddling his legs in the air to lure Emus. It's thought to be an old Aboriginal trick to catch an emu. Emus are notoriously curious flightless birds of Australia.
Arsene Wenger and Olivier Giroud named as Premier League Player and Manager of the Month for March. France striker Giroud scored five times in four games for Arsenal. Wenger inspired Arsenal to four consecutive league wins in March. Tottenham striker Harry Kane also scored five times in four games for Spurs.
Raheem Sterling has put contract talks with Liverpool on hold until the summer. The 20-year-old rejected an offer of £100,000-a-week to stay at Anfield. Liverpool are entitled to think it is equally flattering for a club of its stature to offer a salary worth more than £5million annually. Mathieu Flamini was used as a central midfielder in Arsenal's run to the 2006 Champions League final.
Jaap Stam's son stood to make seven-figure sum in his role as an agent. Roy Keane insists a footballer should 'always look after No 1' Raheem Sterling is quite within his rights to get the best deal he can for himself. Liverpool do not have the financial muscle of a City or a Chelsea.
The beauty brand asked a group of women to write down every thought they had about themselves in a notebook. Unbeknownst to the women, those criticisms were turned into a script. Played out by two actresses, the script was read aloud as dialogue in a cafe.
Twin 18-month-old boys died after accidentally falling in a canal in Arizona. Detectives believe the boys ended up in the canal by accident and don't suspect foul play.
Yeovil Town were relegated for the second consecutive season. Paul Sturrock took over as manager on Thursday after four days at Torquay. Yeovil's 1-1 draw with Notts County condemned them to relegation.
Former US president George H.W. Bush looked in good health on Friday as he accompanied Australian tennis player Roy Emerson at the U.S. Men's Clay Court Championship in Houston, Texas. Bush, 90, fell ill in December and was hospitalized after complaining of shortness of breath.
Mark O'Meara carded a 68 on day two to make the cut at the Masters. The 58-year-old is the third oldest man in the field in 2015. O'Meara won the Masters in 1998.
Manchester City lost 2-1 to Crystal Palace at Selhurst Park on Sunday. The champions had offered free coach travel to supporters to the game. However, all six coaches arrived late for the kick-off. The club has apologised and promised to refund the cost of tickets.
The luxurious five-bedroom abode offers sweeping views of the Pacific Ocean. Singleton bought 80 Beach Drive for a suburb record of $4.25 million in late 2007. The master suite offers a study, dressing room, bathroom and private deck. The property has been managed as a luxury holiday house by The Bells Boutique Hotel Group.
Short-list for Wisden–MCC Cricket Photograph of the Year 2014 was won by Getty photographer Matthew Lewis. Winning image shows Dwayne Bravo taking a breathtaking full-length catch to dismiss Australia’s James Faulkner. Portraits of ordinary players also make the list, from children on a Bangladesh rubbish tip to a club player attempting a catch in Kent.
Robbie Fowler has picked his all-star FIFA 15 Ultimate Team. The former Liverpool and Man City striker has scored 162 Premier League goals. Peter Schmeichel, Paolo Maldini and Marco van Basten all make the team.
The 40-tonne pile of waste was dumped in Walsham-le-Willows, Suffolk. It is believed the fly-tippers used three tractors and trailers to transport it. PC Mark Bryant, a rural crime officer, described it as 'horrific'
Cody wandered into a bog in Belvedere, south-east London, on Friday. Crew members climbed into the watery ditch to free the distressed animal. Cody was covered head to hoof in mud after being dragged to safety.
Leaflet told Stratford-upon-Avon residents what items could go in green bins. But a footnote said: 'This is not recyclable' Earlier this year, residents were named as among best recyclers in England.
Perth Glory fans set off a series of flares during Friday's 3-0 loss. A 13-year-old boy suffered burns to his leg after the flares were set off. Two teenagers have been charged for allegedly setting off the flares. Perth Glory supporters, who set off a series of flares, will face a five year ban.
Darron Gibson damaged his metatarsal in Everton's 2-1 win over QPR. Roberto Martinez expects Gibson to return to pre-season in the best shape. Romelu Lukaku is only '50/50' to be involved against Swansea.
Eagle Scout Brian Gewirtz told his family he was going for a walk near his Brooklyn, New York, home on February 17. His family started a frantic search in the local community, warning people of his disability which made it hard for him to understand spoken language. Police said Friday his body had been discovered at Marine Park Golf Club, just two miles from his home.
Abdul Hadi Arwani, 48, was found dead in a car in Wembley on Wednesday. He was replaced at An-Noor mosque in Acton, West London, by Hassan Anyabwile. Mr Anyabwile is named in Trinidadian parliament report on 1990 coup d'etat. The 53-year-old is said to have been'responsible' for use of explosives. He denies knowledge of any dispute between him and Mr Arwani. Mr Arwani stepped down from mosque last year after it was linked to extremism.
Darron Gibson will miss the final seven games of the season with metatarsal damage. Roberto Martinez expects Gibson to be ready for pre-season. Everton will rekindle their long-standing interest in Tom Cleverley.
Bradley Neil finished 13 over par after his first Masters appearance. The 19-year-old Scot won the Scottish Boys Championship in 2013. Neil is being tipped for big things by the likes of Rory McIlroy.
Danny Willett vented his anger after his second shot trickled across the putting surface. The Englishman shouted at the official, who was sitting about 60 yards away in a golf cart, outside the gallery ropes. The 27-year-old Englishman carded a one-under 71 during his first ever round at Augusta.
Bradley Neil missed the cut on his Masters debut. The 19-year-old carded rounds of 78 and 79 to finish 13 over par. Neil was playing with 1988 Masters winner Sandy Lyle.
Sadie the German Shepherd was filmed at home in Alberta, Canada, switching on an electric organ with her nose and sitting down to play some tunes. Footage shows her plonking her front paws down along the keyboard, as she sits with her back legs positioned on the piano stool.
Motorists caught playing impromptu game of football on the M25 in Kent. Long tailbacks built up on both sides of the carriageway for an hour. Kent Police warned motorists to stay inside their vehicles.
Rory McIlroy is in the penultimate group at the Masters on Friday. The world No 1 will play alongside Phil Mickelson and Ryan Moore. McIlroy is bidding to complete a career grand slam at Augusta.
Sebastian Vettel won the opening race of the season in Malaysia. Mercedes drivers Lewis Hamilton and Nico Rosberg finished second and third. But team boss Toto Wolff insists they will not panic and push for more money.
Andy Murray beat Tomas Berdych to reach Miami Open final. British No1 will face Novak Djokovic in the final on Sunday. Murray is set to marry his fiancee in Dunblane next Saturday.
Richie Gray has one year left on his contract at Castres Olympique. The club are currently second bottom in the Top 14. Gray has been ruled out for the rest of the season with an upper-arm injury.
Saracens are the nation's solitary representative in the semi-finals. Bath, Northampton and Wasps tumbled out of the Champions Cup. Most alarming of the defeats was Clermont's 37-5 rout of Saints. Jim Mallinder admitted the result points to a chasm between the English and French leagues.
Tom Croft has signed a new contract with Leicester Tigers. The England flanker has endured a series of injuries in recent years. Croft suffered a dislocated shoulder against Newcastle last month.
Derbyshire wicketkeeper Tom Poynton has signed a new one-year contract extension. Poynton missed the entire 2014 campaign due to leg injuries sustained in a road accident in which his father Keith died last April. The 25-year-old made his playing comeback during Derbyshire's pre-season tour of Abu Dhabi.
Reports emerged on social media suggesting Mike Ashley was now the official owner of the Light Blues trademarks. The Newcastle owner had been given security over the icons and logos as part of the £5m loan handed to the previous Gers board. Rangers have promised to probe the claims.
Sebastian Vettel won the second race of the season in Malaysia. The German beat Mercedes drivers Lewis Hamilton and Nico Rosberg. Ferrari technical director James Allison believes Mercedes are again likely to lead the way in China this weekend.
Manchester City lost 2-1 at Crystal Palace in the Premier League on Monday. United beat Aston Villa 3-1 on Saturday to move above City by a point. This is the first time United have been above City in the league since November 23, 2013 after having played the same amount of games. City now trail United by a point ahead of Sunday's Manchester derby.
Cristiano Ronaldo was booked during Real Madrid's 2-0 win against Rayo Vallecano on Wednesday night. The Portuguese was brought down by defender Antonio Amaya inside the box. Real Madrid appealed the decision and Ronaldo's one-game suspension has now been rescinded. Toni Kroos and James Rodriguez will miss Saturday's game against Eibar.
Manchester City face Manchester United at Old Trafford on Sunday. Sergio Aguero has scored six goals in the Manchester derby. The Argentine forward believes United striker Radamel Falcao is one of the most gifted players in world football.
Lazio face Empoli in Sunday's Serie A clash at the Stadio Olimpico. The Roman outfit clinched a spot in the final of the Coppa Italia on Wednesday with 1-0 victory over Napoli. Defender Mauricio managed to capture the celebrations of the Lazio supporters using a selfie stick.
Arsenal right back Hector Bellerin has been linked with a return to Barcelona. The 20-year-old left the Catalan giants for the Premier League in 2010. Bellerin has impressed for Arsenal this season, filling in for Mathieu Debuchy. He scored his second goal for the club against Liverpool on Saturday.
Marca praise James Rodriguez's form for Real Madrid this season. The Colombian has scored 13 goals and laid on 12 more for Los Blancos. AS focus on Real Madrid's appeal against Cristiano Ronaldo's yellow card. Roberto Mancini wants to sign eight quality players from a list of 21.
Chelsea beat Stoke City 2-1 in their Premier League clash on Saturday. Eden Hazard scored a penalty and set up Loic Remy's winner. Jose Mourinho has targeted five wins and one draw in remaining eight games.
Zlatan Ibrahimovic scored a hat-trick for Paris Saint-Germain on Wednesday. The 33-year-old has now scored 102 goals in less than three years. Ibrahimovic has never played in the Premier League.
Bayern Munich beat Bayer Leverkusen 5-3 on penalties in the German Cup. Pep Guardiola was unhappy with his side's lack of goals in recent matches. The German champions have scored just once in their last three matches.
David Luiz is out for at least four weeks after tearing a hamstring on Sunday. The 27-year-old suffered the injury in PSG's 3-2 win at Marseille. Luiz posted a picture on Instagram sporting a new hairdo. The Brazilian has his usually flowing brown locks styled into a man bun.
Eight teams will play a total of 60 games over almost seven weeks. The final takes place at Eden Gardens in Kolkata on May 24. Can Kolkata Knight Riders retain their title? Will Virat Kohli lead the Royal Challengers Bangalore to their first title? And who are the players to watch out for?
Aston Villa host Queens Park Rangers in the Premier League on Tuesday. Tim Sherwood believes his star names must dig deep to avert their relegation crisis. QPR will be without striker Eduardo Vargas after he was ruled out for the rest of the season with a knee ligament injury.
Christian Benteke scored a hat-trick as Aston Villa drew 3-3 with QPR on Tuesday. The striker's brace and a late free-kick secured a vital point for Tim Sherwood's side. Charlie Austin scored his 17th Premier League goal for Chris Ramsey's side.
Jack Wilshere, Mikel Arteta and Abou Diaby all start for Under 21s. Steve Gatting's young Gunners take on Stoke City on Tuesday night. Serge Gnabry is also in the starting line-up at the Emirates Stadium.
Liam Treadwell has been booked to ride Monbeg Dude in Saturday's Grand National. Treadwell won the race on Venetia Williams-trained 100-1 shot Mon Mome in 2009. Monbeg Dude has a high profile because he is owned by a trio of well-known rugby union players. His wife, Zara Phillips, has helped with schooling a gelding who once had jumping issues.
England captain Alastair Cook is'refreshed' by winter break at home. Cook has had a taste already of what is to come in the Caribbean. England then face New Zealand before the Ashes later this summer.
Lyon ace Nabil Fekir has been linked with a move to Manchester City. The frontman's father Mohamed does not want him to sit on the bench. Mohamed believes a move to Arsenal would benefit the 21-year-old.
Kevin Pietersen has re-signed for Surrey in an attempt to return to England. Graham Gooch appeared on BBC Radio Five Live on Sunday morning. Gooch said Pietersen had 'wiped the floor with the ECB' in the lengthy PR battle since his sacking in 2014. Pietersen took exception to Gooch's suggestion that a Test series victory in the West Indies this month would take Pietersen's name off the agenda.
Jack Wilshere, Mikel Arteta and Abou Diaby all set to feature for Under 21s. Steve Gatting's young Gunners take on Stoke City on Tuesday night. Serge Gnabry also set to feature at the Emirates Stadium.
Barcelona defeated Celta Vigo 1-0 in La Liga on Sunday evening. Jeremy Mathieu's header gave Luis Enrique's side all three points. Fabian Orellana was shown a straight red card for throwing a chunk of turf at Sergio Busquets.
Kevin Pietersen has not played in the LV= County Championship since 2013. The batsman has re-signed for Surrey in an attempt to win an England recall. Incoming ECB chairman Colin Graves said domestic form would help. Pietersen is due to return to the nets on Monday ahead of Surrey's season.
Chelsea beat Stoke City 2-1 in their Premier League clash. Diego Costa came off after just 11 minutes with a hamstring injury. Jose Mourinho was happy to gamble with the striker's fitness.
Manchester City have been punished for breaching financial fairplay regulations. The club have been limited to a net spend of £49million in the last two windows. Manuel Pellegrini is hoping that the restrictions will be lifted at the end of the season. City have been heavily linked with a move for Wolfsburg's Kevin de Bruyne.
Brittany Lincicome beat Stacy Lewis in a play-off to win ANA Inspiration. Lincicome recorded an eagle on the par-five 18th to move level with Lewis on nine under par. It took the pair three extra goes at the 18th before they were finally separated. It was Lincicome's first LPGA tour victory since 2011.
Derby want Burnley boss Sean Dyche to replace Steve McClaren. The former England boss has been linked with a move to Newcastle. Dyche has impressed with his work in the Premier League this season.
Darren Bent is out of contract at Aston Villa at the end of the season. The striker has been on loan at Derby until the end of the campaign. Bent has scored nine goals in 13 games for Steve McClaren's side.
Tim Sherwood and Chris Ramsey know each other inside out. The pair worked together at Tottenham Hotspur for four-five years. Sherwood came close to the QPR job when Harry Redknapp resigned. Paul Lambert was sacked in the same period and Aston Villa placed the call. QPR can go above Villa with three points on Tuesday night.
Liverpool are eight points behind Manchester United in the top four. Jordan Henderson has urged his team-mates not to give up on Champions League qualification. The 24-year-old is targeting seven wins out of seven in the league.
Aston Villa host QPR in the Premier League on Tuesday night. Tim Sherwood's side are currently 17th in the table. QPR boss Chris Ramsey worked with Sherwood at Tottenham.
QPR drew 3-3 at Aston Villa in the Premier League on Tuesday night. The result leaves Chris Ramsey's side two points adrift of safety. Clint Hill believes other teams will be worried about QPR's position.
Sean Dyche has been tipped to replace Steve McClaren at Derby. The Burnley boss insists he is 'enjoying the challenge' at Turf Moor. Dyche says he cannot understand why some Arsenal fans called for Arsene Wenger's head.
Chris Ramsey believes his friend and neighbour Tim Sherwood will keep Aston Villa in the Premier League. Ramsey and Sherwood live within 10 minutes of each other. QPR travel to Villa Park to face Sherwood's side on Tuesday night.
QPR twice threw away a lead to draw 3-3 at Aston Villa on Saturday. QPR chairman Tony Fernandes was watching the game from his iPhone. Fernandes praised players' character and manager Chris Ramsey.
The 20-year-old was with Vitesse's squad for their trip to Excelsior. He was arrested on suspicion of a'sexual offence' and released without charge. Wallace is on a season-long loan at Vitesse from Premier League side Chelsea.
Championship promotion is still up for grabs with five games to go. There are eight sides still in with a chance of claiming automatic promotion. One player each from Bournemouth, Norwich, Watford, Middlesbrough, Derby, Wolves, Brentford and Ipswich are included.
Women's crews will battle the same Thames course as the men next Saturday. 88 years since the first women to race were jeered by male spectators. For Wilson’s grandfather, 85-year-old Richard Cowell, from East Kilbride, it will be a momentous day.
Chelsea face QPR at Loftus Road on Sunday in the Premier League. It was on the same ground in 2011 that John Terry was caught up in a race controversy with then-QPR defender Anton Ferdinand. Terry was cleared in court of racially abusing Ferdinand but was banned and fined by the FA for 'using abusive language related to colour' Anton may no longer be at Loftus Road, but brother Rio could feature under Chris Ramsey.
The Royal National Lifeboat Institution come to the assistance of the Oxford University Women's Boat Race team. Conditions were caused by strong wind against the tide creating three successive waves that poured over the boat's riggers. Boat Race takes place on Saturday, April 11.
Wasps will appeal against the three-week ban handed to Nathan Hughes. No 8 was given a red card for kneeing out Northampton's George North. The incident occurred in Wasps' 52-30 Aviva Premiership defeat at Franklin's Gardens on March 27.
Cesc Fabregas is one booking away from a two-game ban. Nemanja Matic would miss games against Arsenal and Manchester United if he is shown a yellow card. Chelsea take on Queens Park Rangers at Loftus Road on Sunday.
Leeds Rhinos beat Castleford Tigers 26-12 at the Mend-A-Hose Jungle. Rhinos captain Kevin Sinfield is switching codes at the end of 2015. Ryan Hall scored a double for the Rhinos.
Northampton ruled George North out of their game against Clermont Auvergne on Saturday. The Wales and Lions wing has been removed from the firing line by his club. North was knocked unconscious when struck by Wasps No 8 Nathan Hughes's knee as he was scoring a try at Franklin's Gardens last Friday night.
Tom Lineham scored a treble in a losing cause at Castleford last month. The hat-trick puts him out in front as Super League's most prolific finisher in 2015. Jamie Shaul went over late on to make sure of the two competition points for Hull.
George North will be reassessed at the end of April. The Wales and Lions wing suffered his third concussion in four months. North was knocked out following a collision with the knee of Wasps back-row Nathan Hughes.
Huddersfield's Jacob Fairbank is set for a spell on the sidelines. The 25-year-old fractured his ankle while on loan at Halifax. Fairbank faces an extensive rehabilitation period.
Jonathan Trott failed twice with the bat during England's warm-up. The batsman looks set to open the batting with Alastair Cook in the first Test against the West Indies. England completed four days of low-key, uncompetitive warm-up action.
England dominated against a modest St Kitts and Nevis XI. Alastair Cook and Jonathan Trott put on 158 for the second wicket. Ben Stokes described his captain Cook as one of the best in the world.
Richie Benaud, 84, died on Friday after losing his battle with skin cancer. He revealed last year that he had been diagnosed and was receiving radiation treatment. Benaud had been out walking with his beloved wife, Daphne, for 40 minutes every morning to ease him back to good health. He hadn't returned to his commentary job for the Nine Network following a car accident in October 2013 in which he suffered serious injuries. Benaud captained Australia and played 63 Test matches in the late 1950s and early 1960s.
Chelsea beat Stoke 2-1 in their Premier League clash on Saturday. Loic Remy scored the winner for the second consecutive game. Diego Costa was forced off at half-time with a hamstring injury. Jose Mourinho praised Remy's professionalism and scoring instincts.
Louis Smith, 25, is an Olympic gymnast and Strictly Come Dancing champion. Says he's just sharing his physique in topless selfies. Has been dating TOWIE star Lucy Mecklenburgh since December 2014.
Kyle Walker suffered the injury in the 0-0 draw with Burnley on Sunday. The England defender collided with Kieran Trippier at Turf Moor. Scans have shown up heavy bruising but no fracture in Walker's foot.
Cameron Thomas Philp graffitied and spat on the side of a police van in 2013. He pleaded guilty to wilful damage of police property on Friday. He was fined $300 but avoided a conviction.
Cressida Bonas says she is more than happy being single following split from Prince Harry. The 26-year-old has been named as Mulberry's new muse. She has just finished playing Cecily in The Importance of Being Ernest.
Kevin Pietersen has not played for England since the disastrous Ashes tour. Surrey team-mate Chris Tremlett has backed Pietersen to make an international comeback. Pietersen cancelled his Indian Premier League contract to play domestic cricket for Surrey.
Kevin Pietersen believes Michael Vaughan is the right man for the job. Former England captain Vaughan is the hot favourite to be appointed. Paul Downton was sacked as director of England Cricket on Wednesday.
Arsene Wenger has won the Premier League Manager of the Month award for March - his 14th accolade. Sir Alex Ferguson won the award a record 27 times between 1993 and 2012. Wenger has 14 to his name but Ferguson's haul is far more. The award has been won 52 times by a Scottish manager and 17 times by a Frenchman.
Paul Downton was sacked by the ECB on Wednesday evening. Alec Stewart played a record 133 Tests for England and is currently director of cricket at Surrey. Stewart has not yet been approached by the ECB. The former wicket-keeper batsman believes Kevin Pietersen could still make a comeback at international level.
Tim Sherwood could move for Chris Ramsey if he leaves QPR in the summer. Ramsey has lost six out of seven games in charge of the London club. Sherwood also revealed he wishes he had striker Darren Bent at his disposal.
Francis Coquelin has established himself as an Arsenal regular. The 23-year-old has impressed since returning from loan at Charlton. Coquelin is determined to earn a regular place in Arsene Wenger's starting XI. Arsenal take on Liverpool in the Premier League on Saturday.
Will Stack, 22, was pulled over for using the wrong median lane in South Carolina. He claims he was given a warning after doing everything the cop said. 'Just because you're black doesn't mean you're a racist, just because you're a cop doesn't mean you're a bad person,' says Mr Stack in the video, which has gone viral on social media. Comes days after North Charleston officer Michael Slager was arrested for allegedly shooting father-of-four Water Scott, 50, five times in the back as he was running away.
Jeanetta Riley, 35, a mother-of-three daughters was killed last July after she brandished a knife at two cops outside of a hospital in Sandpoint, Idaho. She was taken to hospital by her husband, Shane, after he heard her fiddling with blades and talking about killing herself. While parked outside of the emergency room, she pulled a knife from under the car seat featuring a three-and-a-half-inch blade. In the video, Jeanetta is heard in an exchange with officers as they repeatedly tell her to put the knife down but she refuses before a commotion is heard and they
The couple have been named as Georgina Rojas-Medina, 41, and her common-law husband, Gerardo Tovar, 44. Neighbors say they were alerted to the bodies by the couple’s 4-year-old daughter just after midnight on Saturday. Bloody footprints show the path the 4-year-old girl had to make after finding her mother shot to death and a father who'd killed himself.
Children who share iPads in class do much better in early literacy tests than those who don’t, researchers claim. Findings come after the general secretary of the National Association of Head Teachers said he was dubious about using technology as a teaching aid in non-IT classes.
Home was built after a forest fire swept the valley clean of tall trees. Now it teeters at an impressive 12 storys high, bearing a stark resemblance to the kind of houses drawn in Dr Seuss's books.
Todd Phillips, a front-outside tire changer for Dayle Coyne Racing, was injuried when he was struck by the car of Francesco Dracone. Dracone spun while exiting his put box, clipping Phillips' leg.
Four-seater Cessna 172 crashed onto Autobahn 28 near Hatten, Germany. The male pilot was killed in the crash, according to local police. One man, believed to be co-pilot, is in a'serious condition'
Vincent Kompany believes UEFA's FFP regulations protect elite clubs. Manchester City were last year deemed to have breached FFP regulations, before being fined £50million and ordered to operate with a £49m transfer kitty this season. City are debt-free, mainly thanks to the vast wealth of owner Sheikh Mansour’s heavy personal investment. Kompany has guided City to pick up two Premier League titles, a FA Cup and the Capital One Cup in the past four seasons.
Right-handed reliever John Axford was placed on the family medical emergency list before the Rockies game on Sunday. His son had surgery last Monday - opening day for the Rockies - on his right foot to remove necrotic tissue. Jameson will board an emergency medical flight on Monday to Denver for more treatment.
Dina Talaat put on spectacular show at CAF Ordinary General Assembly. But delegates from country stayed in adjoining hall until end of performance. A video of performance has since gone viral online. Mrs Talaat said she did not know what all the fuss was about.
Manchester United beat Manchester City 4-2 at Old Trafford on Sunday. Ashley Young, Marouane Fellaini, Juan Mata and Chris Smalling all scored for the Red Devils. Sergio Aguero scored a brace for City but United ran out winners.
More than 70 hours of footage from hidden cameras in east London boozer. One middle-aged man openly talked about erectile dysfunction. Landlady Kim Arrowsmith said: 'There are a lot of things today that women won't put up with'
Manchester United beat Manchester City 2-0 at Old Trafford on Sunday. Michael Carrick came off as a precaution with a tight calf. Louis van Gaal blamed himself for United finishing the game with 10 men.
Lewis Moody, Danny Grewcock and Josh Lewsey said they felt nothing more than a jolt. Poor visibility at the makeshift 800m strip beside the Russian operated Camp Barneo first caused an aborted landing. Experienced pilots were then forced to break harder than usual when a crack appeared on an ice floe near the runway.
Hibernian beat Hearts 2-0 in the Edinburgh derby. Jason Cummings and Farid El Alagui scored for the hosts. Alan Stubbs' side are now second in the Championship.
Richie Benaud died peacefully in his sleep on Friday surrounded by his family. He had been receiving radiation treatment for skin cancer since November. Prime Minister Tony Abbott offered his family a state funeral. Wife Daphne has reportedly settled on a private gathering with only immediate family.
Diane Blankenship, 45, is charged with unlawful sexual activity and lewd battery. She is accused of having sex with a 14-year-old boy in the backseat of her car. Detectives are investigating the possibility of other victims.
The 65-year-old was named as the recipient on Saturday in recognition of his 45 years chronicling conflicts around the world. The jury recognised Gittoes 'for his courage to witness and confront violence in the war zones of the world' and for 'enlisting the arts to subdue aggression' Gittoes said it's great to have an artist recognised in a peace award.
The video was filmed at the Orana Wildlife Park in New Zealand. Visitors stand inside a metal cage attached to a car and interact with the lions. The video also shows the lions eating meat through its bars.
Police received calls to shut down an enormous 1000 person rave. Officers were forced to use capsicum spray on a number of partygoers. One officer had to have a piece of glass removed from his head. A 26-year-old woman was arrested after she allegedly assaulted an officer.
Four men have been caught on CCTV robbing a service station in Melbourne. The men filled a doona cover with $38,000 worth of cigarettes. However they struggled to fit the loot into the boot of the car. The men lost about a third of their loot during the getaway. The men are wanted for a series of break-ins in the area.
The crash occurred at Moorabin Airport, near Melbourne, shortly before noon on Saturday. It is believed one of the planes had issued a may-day warning and attempted to make an emergency landing when it smashed into the other plane. Three people, including a man and a woman in their twenties, were taken to hospital with minor injuries.
Troy Slezak from Huntington Beach, California, filmed his seven-month-old daughter Stella playing with the giant pooch on the living room floor at home. Footage shows the duo rolling around together and even stopping for nose rubs.
Ramires and Nemanja Matic to feature in central midfield for Chelsea. Eden Hazard will start on the left with Willian on the right. Oscar may be dropped for the west London derby at QPR. Chelsea are four points clear at the top of the Premier League.
Clare Verrall was walking her dog near her home in Prahran, Melbourne. A man jumped out from behind bins and attacked her on Wednesday. She was left with a black eye, broken nose and broken toe. The 31-year-old said she was able to fight off her attacker thanks to self-defence classes she had taken at the gym.
Sebastian Vettel won the Malaysian Grand Prix 11 days ago. It was the German's first Formula One win for Ferrari since 2013. Vettel returned to the team's factory in Maranello for a hero's welcome. The four-time world champion is in China ahead of the Chinese Grand Prix.
LA Galaxy move off the foot of the Western Conference with win. Robbie Keane and Clint Dempsey were both left out of their sides. Alan Gordon scored the only goal of the game in the first half.
David Powell, 73, to appear in court today charged with murder of his mother. Pensioner's body was discovered at her home in Penkhull, Stoke-on-Trent. Mr Powell was arrested after detectives were called to his home on Thursday.
Daniel Ricciardo took part in a PR event at Guyi Garden in Shanghai. The Red Bull driver tried his hand at martial art before the Chinese Grand Prix. Ricciardo has had a disappointing start to the season, finishing sixth in Australia and 10th in Malaysia.
Eden Hazard has 35 goals and 25 assists for Chelsea this season. Hazard reached 100 Premier League appearances for Chelsea on Sunday. Sky Sports pundit Graeme Souness believes Hazard will be named PFA Player of the Year.
Aljaz Bedene won his first match since becoming a British citizen. The 25-year-old claimed a 6-3 6-2 victory over Maxime Chazal of France. Bedene is now the British number two behind Andy Murray.
Ladies' Day has long been a highlight of the racing calendar. Thousands of female race-goers showed their indomitable spirit. Many opted for outfits that wouldn't have been out of place at a wedding.
Dave Doggett, chairman of Cambridge United, has warned of hooliganism. Believes groups of up to 10 men - aged in 50s and 60s - are trying to relive 1980s. Fears they will try to encourage younger fans to join their 'gangs'
Alassan Gobitaca, known as Al the Jumper, is a Swedish Guinness World Record holder. His stunt driver, Hassan explains his thought process when approaching the stunt. He then lines up before the daredevil and accelerates hard in the Opel Speedster. As Hassan approaches, people in the crowd wince but Gobitaca actually makes a move towards the speeding sports car.
Hamilton was over half-a-second clear of team-mate Nico Rosberg. The Briton is bidding to win his fourth race in China this weekend. Sebastian Vettel was best of the rest behind the Mercedes pair.
Jordan Spieth tees off at 2:55pm local time (7:55pm BST) on Saturday. The 21-year-old American holds a five-shot lead at the half-way stage. Justin Rose and Paul Casey will tee off at 2:45pm (7:45pm BST) and 2:35pm (7:35pm BST) respectively. Rory McIlroy and Tiger Woods tee off at 12:45pm (5:45pm BST) and 1:15pm (6:15pm BST) respectively.
Keanu Reeves visited and sampled the atmosphere at the Red Bull HQ. The Matrix actor has been pictured at Grand Prix in the past. The 50-year-old said his love for the sport comes partly from its similarity to the film business.
Fernando Alonso says he will retire from Formula One when his deal with McLaren-Honda comes to an end. The Spaniard has been with McLaren-Honda since he was three years old. Alonso is glad to be back for the 2015 season after leaving Ferrari in 2007.
Sergio Perez is off the pace of the other Formula One teams. Force India's upgraded car will not be unveiled until the Austrian Grand Prix in June. Perez finished 13th at the Malaysia Grand Prix.
Tony McCoy claimed victory in the Aintree Hurdles on Jezki. McCoy was able to coast to the finish with a wide margin of victory. Arctic Fire took a tumble at the final hurdle to allow Jezki to take the lead. The soon-to-retire 40-year-old has promised to retire if he wins the Grand National.
Tim Swiel will return to Harlequins on a full-time contract. 21-year-old spent four months on loan with Quins earlier this season.
Charlie Hemphrey has signed a professional contract with the County Championship. The 25-year-old is the first Englishman to score a Sheffield Shield hundred since John Hampshire for Tasmania in 1978. Hemphrey was born in Doncaster and grew up in Doncaster.
Russian SU-27 Flanker 'cut into path' of U.S. RC-135U reconnaissance plane. Pentagon officials have slammed the move as 'unprofessional' and 'unsafe' Russia has rubbished claims it was a deliberate and aggressive interception.
Jacques Burger is alleged to have struck Racing Metro scrum-half Maxime Machenaud midway through the match at Stade Yves-du-Manoir. The complaint was made by match citing commissioner Eugene Ryan. Burger will face a disciplinary hearing on Thursday.
Steven Finn has hit back at those who say he should be hitting 90mph. The Middlesex seamer was one of England's best at the World Cup. Finn was overlooked for the current three-Test West Indies tour.
Team Sky's Elia Viviani crashed out of the one-day Scheldeprijs race. The Italian went to hospital for x-rays after hitting the barriers. Wiggins and Thomas were part of a strong Team Sky line-up in the race.
West Indies cut six names from first training camp under Phil Simmons. Sheldon Cottrell, Miguel Cummins, Shane Dowrich, Shannon Gabriel, Leon Johnson and Veerasammy Permaul have all been stood down. Denesh Ramdin will captain the side in the three-Test series.
Dzhokhar Tsarnaev has been convicted of the 2013 Boston Marathon bombing. A federal jury found Tsarnaev guilty on Wednesday over the terror attack that killed three people and wounded more than 260. He kept his hands folded in front of him and looked down at the defence table as the guilty verdicts were read. The jury will now decide whether the 21-year-old former student should be sentenced to death or receive life in prison.
Jonas Gutierrez will trigger contract extension should he start the remaining seven matches of the season. The 31-year-old was the only Newcastle player to emerge with any credit in the wake of last weekend’s 1-0 defeat at Sunderland. It was Gutierrez’s first start for the Magpies in 20 months having twice beaten testicular cancer.
Tim Sherwood has warned Tottenham Hotspur to keep pace with Harry Kane. The former Spurs boss said the club must improve at a similar rate to Kane. Sherwood also praised the form of Christian Benteke and Gabby Agbonlahor.
West Ham currently sit first in the Premier League rankings. Sam Allardyce wants his side to qualify for the Europa League next season. The 60-year-old wants his side to finish first in the Premier League Fair Play Table.
Rangers lost 3-0 to Queen of the South on Thursday night. Stuart McCall suffered his first defeat as Ibrox boss. Rangers are third in the Championship but have a game in hand.
Sunderland host Crystal Palace at the Stadium of Light (Saturday 3pm) Seb Larsson is suspended for the Eagles after picking up 10 bookings. Jack Rodwell will return to the Black Cats squad after hamstring problem. Joe Ledley will be given every opportunity to prove his fitness. Mile Jedinak is likely to return after his four-match suspension.
Barcelona ace Neymar shows off his footballing skills on Instagram. Former Santos man juggles the ball as a friend records his antics. Neymar will be hoping to impress when Barcelona travel to Sevilla.
Vincent Nogueira scored in stoppage time to give Philadelphia Union first MLS win of the season. David Villa scored from close range to level for New York City FC. Sanna Nyassi scored the only goal as San Jose beat MLS-leading Vancouver. Giles Barnes scored in Houston Dynamo's 3-0 win over Montreal Impact.
Bastia lost 4-0 to Paris Saint Germain in the League Cup final on Saturday. Zlatan Ibrahimovic scored twice and Edinson Cavani netted a brace. But Bastia president Pierre-Marie Geronimi has called for the League president to step down.
Manchester United host Manchester City at Old Trafford on Sunday. United are above City in the Premier League table for the first time since November 2013. City boss Manuel Pellegrini has branded the last three months of the season as 'garbage' City have made an early exit from the Champions League.
Palermo haven't won away from home in the league since November 2. Defender Roberto Vitiello wants his side to start winning away from home. Palermo are 11th in Serie A and have picked up just two points in six games.
Cristiano Ronaldo scored five goals in Real Madrid's 9-1 win over Granada. Ronaldo's haul included an eight-minute hat-trick. Karim Benzema netted a brace and Gareth Bale also got on the scoresheet.
Glenn Murray scored as Crystal Palace beat Manchester City 2-1 on Monday. The striker once scored a hat-trick against Gerard Pique. Murray boasts the fifth-best goals-per-minute ratio in Europe's top five leagues.
Real Madrid face Rayo Vallecano in La Liga on Wednesday night. Cristiano Ronaldo scored five goals in Real's 9-1 win over Granada. Isco and James Rodriguez are both set to return from injury.
Fernando Hierro believes Real Madrid can win the Champions League. Carlo Ancelotti's side face city rivals Atletico Madrid in the quarter-finals. Hierro won the Champions League three times during his playing career.
Crystal Palace defeated Manchester City 2-1 in their Premier League clash. Glenn Murray opened the scoring before Jason Puncheon doubled Palace's lead. Yaya Toure pulled one back for City but they are now nine points behind Chelsea.
Real Madrid beat Granada 9-1 at the Bernabeu on Sunday afternoon. Gareth Bale opened the scoring for Los Blancos in the 25th minute. Cristiano Ronaldo scored five goals including an eight-minute hat-trick.
Lazio beat Napoli 1-0 on Wednesday to reach the Coppa Italia final. The Biancoceleste will face Juventus in the final on June 7 in Rome. Lazio manager Stefano Pioli said he is proud of his squad. But he said there is still a lot of work to be done at the club.
Manchester City take on Manchester United at Old Trafford on Sunday. City are fourth in the Premier League, just a point above United. Manuel Pellegrini is relishing the prospect of facing United.
Sam Allardyce has told David Sullivan not to judge his side on 2015's results. West Ham have picked up just 11 points in the Premier League. But Allardyce feels the season as a whole has been a success.
Chris Smalling visited his old judo club in London on Saturday. The Manchester United defender was a member of the club as a youngster. Smalling was named national champion for his age group as a teen.
Manchester United host Manchester City at Old Trafford (Sunday 4pm) United have Chris Smalling back in contention after illness. Luke Shaw will not feature after a hamstring injury and Jonny Evans is banned. City captain Vincent Kompany is a doubt with a hamstring injury. Wilfried Bony and Stevan Jovetic are also out for Manuel Pellegrini's side.
Queens Park Rangers host Chelsea at Loftus Road (Sunday 1.30pm) QPR will be without Richard Dunne for the west London derby. Diego Costa is out for Chelsea with a hamstring injury. Cesc Fabregas will play with a mask to protect his broken nose.
Wayne Rooney has listed his top five derby moments on his website. The Manchester United striker scored an overhead kick to win the derby in 2011. Michael Owen scored a 96 minute winner against City in September 2009. Rooney also scored a stoppage time winner against City in April 2010.
Marouane Fellaini is expected to start against Manchester City on Sunday. The Belgian was jeered by both City and United fans last season. Louis van Gaal has been impressed with Fellaini's development this season.
Chelsea have topped the Premier League since the opening day. Jose Mourinho's side are seven points clear with eight games remaining. The Blues take on QPR at Loftus Road on Sunday.
Chelsea travel to Loftus Road to face QPR on Sunday afternoon. Chris Ramsey believes the game is more important for QPR than Chelsea. The Hoops are just one point off the bottom of the Premier League.
Kaka hits the gym ahead of Orlando City's trip to Portland Timbers. The Brazilian posts a picture of himself working on his strength and balance. Kaka's side are without a win in their last three games. Orlando lost 1-0 at home to DC United last Friday.
Kieran Agard gave Bristol City the lead in the 36th minute. Swindon Town's Yaser Kasim and Raphael Branco were both booked. Joe Bryan doubled City's lead in the 80th minute. Aaron Wilbraham made sure of the points in the 87th minute.
Bristol City are eight points clear at the top of League One. Steve Cotterill's side drew 1-1 at Preston on Saturday. The Robins travel to Bradford on Tuesday night.
Hibernian claimed their first Edinburgh derby victory of the season. Jason Cummings and Farid El Alagui scored in a 2-0 win over Hearts. Alan Stubbs' side are now second in the Championship.
Gary Caldwell was appointed as the new Wigan Athletic manager. Malky Mackay was sacked on Monday following 2-0 loss to Derby County. Chairman David Sharpe is confident he made the right call in appointing Caldwell.
Team Sky's Geraint Thomas finished 14th in the Tour of Flanders. Norwegian Alexander Kristoff beat Holland's Niki Terpstra in a sprint finish. Sir Bradley Wiggins was one of a number of riders to crash during the race.
Dani Alves has been linked with a move away from the Nou Camp all season. The full-back's contract expires in the summer with Manchester United and Liverpool among a number of Europe's top clubs keeping tabs on the Brazil international's availability. Agent Dinorah Santana has revealed there is a deal on the table.
Dani Alves looks set to leave Barcelona this summer. The 31-year-old's agent confirmed he had rejected a three-year deal. The Brazilian has been linked with a number of clubs including Manchester United and Manchester City.
Glenn Murray has scored five goals in five games since returning from injury. The Crystal Palace striker has netted the best goals-per-minute ratio of anyone in the Premier League. Alan Pardew believes Murray is reaping rewards from a loan spell with Reading.
Train driver captures ride on the Jungfrau, the highest railway in Europe. Time lapse video shows train travelling along the 9km long track. Train hurtles down the track like a bobsleigh before arriving at station.
Filmed in the Thai town of Kanchanaburi, the monkey snatches the banana. The lady can be heard laughing as the monkey tucks into the fruit. Getting right up to the camera’s lens, the monkey gives it a slap.
Steve Harmison is the manager of Ashington AFC in the Northern League Division One. The 36-year-old has led them to seven wins on the spin. Former England bowler Harmison is a boyhood Newcastle fan.
Dashem Tesfamichael, 30, was jailed for a minimum of 13 years for murder. He stabbed Olu Olagbaju, 26, with a broken champagne bottle in London in 2006. Now, he has been filmed partying with other inmates at Coldingley prison. The 50-second clip was captured on a banned mobile phone and shared on WhatsApp. It also shows stash of drink bottles, crisps and biscuits being stored on window ledge.
Manchester United beat Aston Villa 3-1 at Old Trafford on Saturday. Louis van Gaal's side are third in the Premier League, eight points ahead of fifth-placed Liverpool. United's failure to qualify for the Champions League this year is a mere blip, rather than a symbol of sustained decline. The fluent, possession-based football and waves of attack that were hallmarks of the Alex Ferguson era are slowly returning.
Paul Casey is the 99th qualifier in the field of 99 due to play at the Masters. The Englishman got in due to staying in the world’s top 50. However, as events unfolded in Morocco and at the Texas Open, he was projected to fall to 54th.
Padraig Harrington won the Honda Classic in Florida last month. The 43-year-old was 'devastated' to miss out on the Masters last year. Harrington won the Claret Jug at Royal Birkdale in 2008.
Eduardo Vargas has been ruled out for 10-12 weeks with a knee injury. The 25-year-old picked up the injury against West Brom on Saturday. Vargas is the third QPR player to sustain an MCL injury this season.
Matt Derbyshire scored the only goal of the game after eight minutes. The Millers move to within two points of Brighton at the bottom of the table.
Chris Martin and Darren Bent scored in the second half to secure the win. Steve McClaren's side move up to 11th in the Championship table. Wigan remain rooted to the bottom of the table and are now eight points adrift.
Retired engineer, Dave Tyler captured these stunning pictures during the sun's solar maximum. The amateur snapper is able to capture a wide variety of phenomena from his own home near High Wycombe. The 72-year-old designed and built his own observatory in 1977 and now uses powerful telescopes to observe and photograph the solar system.
Liverpool lost 4-1 to Arsenal in the Premier League on Saturday. The Reds were also beaten by Manchester United in the Capital One Cup. But Brendan Rodgers insists there is no crisis at Anfield. Liverpool face Blackburn in the FA Cup quarter-final on Tuesday night.
Orlando City have made enquiries about a move for Javier Hernandez. Orlando have a huge Latin-American fanbase and are coached by former Everton and Manchester City striker Adrian Heath. Hernandez has cut a frustrated figure during his loan spell at Real Madrid.
Chelsea and Tottenham drew 0-0 at Staines Town on Friday night. The result leaves Manchester United three points clear at the top of the table. DeAndre Yedlin impressed for Spurs at right-back. Ruben Loftus-Cheek came off injured in the first half.
Men aged 65 and over ten times more likely to be diagnosed with malignant melanoma than those of their parents’ generation. Around 5,700 pensioners are now diagnosed with melanoma each year in the UK compared with just 600 a year four decades ago. Many patients being diagnosed today suffered cancer-causing sunburn when they were young, experts said last night.
Nouha Dicko, Benik Afobe and David Edwards scored for Wolves. Charlie Taylor, Marco Silvestri and Alex Mowatt scored for Leeds. Taylor and Mowatt scored in the first half for Leeds.
Clayton Donaldson and David Cotterill put Birmingham 2-0 up in the first half. Steve Cook and Callum Wilson scored in the second to level the scores. Yann Kermorgant scored a penalty to make it 3-2 to Bournemouth. Birmingham defender Paul Robinson was sent off for a foul on Wilson.
Referee German Delfino awarded a penalty to Velez Sarsfield after Daniel Valencia appeared to handle the ball in the area. Linesman Ivan Nunez caught a replay of the incident on a nearby cameraman's monitor and informed Delfino via his earpiece. Video technology is not allowed in Argentine football.
Manchester United beat Aston Villa 3-1 at Old Trafford on Saturday. Ander Herrera scored twice in the victory. The Spaniard has started the last eight matches for United.
Real Madrid beat Granada 9-1 at the Santiago Bernabeu on Saturday. Cristiano Ronaldo scored five and Karim Benzema netted a brace. Iker Casillas handed a fan his No 1 shirt at the half-time interval.
Ashley Young's brother Lewis plays for Crawley Town in League One. Young senior played 70 minutes for Manchester United against Aston Villa. United are third in the Premier League on 62 points.
Norwich City beat Sheffield Wednesday 2-0 at Carrow Road. Bradley Johnson scored his 12th and 13th goals of the season. The victory moves Norwich up to second in the Championship.
Jordan Henderson is yet to sign an extension to his £60,000-per-week contract. The Liverpool vice-captain wants to stay at Anfield. But he has already rejected a five-year deal worth £80,000-per-week. Sportsmail understands an improved offer worth £5.2million per year will be enough for Henderson to stay at Anfield.
Manchester City will take on Crystal Palace at Selhurst Park on Monday. City have paid for six coaches to transport 3,000 fans to Selhurst Park. The move was made after TV scheduling made it virtually impossible for supporters to return home by either train or plane on the same night.
Nahki Wells opened the scoring for Huddersfield in the 12th minute. James Vaughan doubled the lead for the home side in the 30th minute. Luke Varney pulled a goal back for the Tractor Boys in the 48th minute. But Huddersfield held on to dent Ipswich's play-off hopes.
Ben Cousins smiled as he left court with a smug smirk on his face. The former AFL star was supposed to appear in court on Wednesday morning but he failed to show up. His lawyer claimed the former West Coast Eagles captain had conflicting medical appointments. The Magistrate had ordered Cousins to produce written evidence of the conflicting appointments before 4pm WST or an arrest warrant would be issued.
Real Madrid bounced back from their El Clasico defeat by Barcelona with a thumping win on Easter Sunday. Gareth Bale opened the scoring before Cristiano Ronaldo scored a first-half hat-trick. Karim Benzema also scored twice as Real Madrid kept the pressure on Barcelona at the top of La Liga.
Arsenal beat Liverpool 4-1 in the Premier League on Saturday. Francis Coquelin and Hector Bellerin have been key to Arsenal's success. Arsene Wenger admits he didn't expect the pair to play such key roles.
Arda Turan was celebrating after Turkey beat Luxembourg 2-1 last week. He went to the cockpit to announce his congratulations over the PA system. Turkish aviation officials said it was a serious breach of the safety rules. They warned that there would be consequences for the cabin crew.
Manchester City are currently fourth in the Premier League. Manuel Pellegrini says his side must splash the cash in the summer. City were hit with a £49million spending cap last summer.
Troy Deeney opened the scoring for Watford in the 37th minute. Odion Ighalo doubled the hosts' advantage in the 65th minute. Middlesbrough have now lost four of their last five away games.
Malky Mackay has been sacked as Wigan Athletic manager. The Latics lost 2-0 at home to Derby County on Monday night. Mackay was appointed in November amid an FA investigation. The 43-year-old won just five of his 25 fixtures in charge of the club.
Barcelona beat Celta Vigo 1-0 in their La Liga clash at the Balaidos Stadium. Jeremy Mathieu opened the scoring in the 73rd minute with a powerful header from Xavi's free kick. Celta Vigo's Fabian Orellana was sent off for throwing a lump of turf at Sergio Busquets.
Juan Arango's Club Tijuana lost 4-3 to Monterrey in the Mexican league. Arango was not booked but could face a heavy retrospective ban. The Venezuelan icon sank his teeth into the shoulder of Jesus Zavela.
Kevin Pietersen returned to nets at Surrey on Monday for the first time since re-signing for the county last month. The 34-year-old was pictured leaving The Oval just before 2pm. Pietersen is expected to step-up his county rehabilitation with a three-day warm-up against Oxford MCCU on April 12.
Liverpool lost 4-1 at Arsenal in the Premier League on Saturday. Brendan Rodgers has conceded defeat in his quest for the top four. The Liverpool boss knows he must work harder to sell Anfield as a destination for ambitious players without the lure of a Champions League campaign.
Cristiano Ronaldo scored five goals in Real Madrid's 9-1 win over Granada. It was Ronaldo's 31st career hat-trick and 24th in La Liga. He has now scored 299 goals in 287 matches for Real Madrid.
Barcelona returned to the top of La Liga with a 1-0 win over Celta Vigo. Jeremy Mathieu scored the winning goal in the 73rd minute. Neymar, Dani Alves and Adriano were all in high spirits after the game. But their choice of matching denim was questionable.
Video shows ISIS fighters destroying ancient Assyrian city of Nimrud. Militants used sledgehammers, jackhammers and saws to destroy city's ruins. They also lined up barrels filled with explosives to blow up the ancient site. The video was made available by a Jihadist media outlet last night.
Liverpool lost 4-1 to Arsenal in the Premier League on Saturday. Liverpool face Blackburn in the FA Cup on Wednesday night. Mamadou Sakho posted a picture of him and Steven Gerrard on Twitter.
Ander Herrera scored his side's opening goal against Aston Villa with his eyes wide open. His eyes were also shut for Manchester United's third goal against Villa. The Spanish midfielder has scored six of his seven goals without making eye contact with the ball. Herrera joined Manchester United for £29million in the summer.
Marseille took the lead through Andre-Pierre Gignac in the 30th minute. Blaise Matuidi equalised for Paris St Germain with a superb curling effort in the 35th minute. Marquinhos slammed the ball into the roof of the net after Zlatan Ibrahimovic's free kick was parried. Jeremy Morel diverted the ball into his own net two minutes later to make it 2-2. Zlatan Ibrahimovic put pressure on Morel to force an own goal just two minutes later, as PSG went ahead.
Nik Wallenda said Monday at a New York City news conference that the Orlando Eye will be moving when he attempts his feat April 29. The Orlando Eye, part of a new entertainment complex, will offer views of central Florida from inside 30 enclosed, air-conditioned glass capsules. No distance for the performance has been set yet, but Wallenda, 36, said he was not likely to walk the entire 20 minutes.
Seven baby foxes were found abandoned in a cardboard box in a car park. They are being looked after by the Pocono Wildlife Rehabilitation and Educational Center. The tiny animals were vaccinated against rabies and have been bottle-fed milk to build them up. Once they gain strength they will be released back into the wild in July.
Liverpool are expanding the Main Stand at Anfield. The new Main Stand will be able to seat 21,000 spectators. Work on the expansion will be completed by the start of the 2016-17 season. Anfield will be able to seat 54,000 spectators once expansion is complete.
Man had been paying with bounced checks and was told he would have to pay with cash or a debit card. He returned minutes later with a cup of gasoline and threw it on the bouncer. The bouncer and his friend chased the man, and tackled him before the man lit the bouncer on fire and fled in a truck.
Samuel Eto'o provided the assist for Roberto Soriano to open the scoring. Nigel de Jong's overhead kick took a massive deflection off Alfred Duncan. AC Milan are now seven points behind fifth-placed Fiorentina.
Camilla Kerslake was centre of attention at Sunday's Olivier Awards. The classical singer, 26, wore a daring, backless black dress. She was accompanied by England rugby captain boyfriend Chris Robshaw. 'Pre-engaged' is a growing trend, with thousands choosing 'promise' rings ahead of a formal proposal.
Real Sociedad midfielder Gonzalo Castro scored one of the goals of the season but it wasn't enough for David Moyes' side. Sociedad took the lead through a Xabi Prieto penalty in the 31st minute. Deportivo were awarded a penalty of their own in the 38th minute. Lucas Perez fired home to level the scores at the Anoeta Stadium.
Chancey Luna, 17, is accused of shooting dead Australian baseball player Chris Lane. If found guilty, he faces a maximum sentence of life in jail without the prospect of release. Jury selection has begun in Oklahoma for the murder trial of the teenager. Lane, 22, from Melbourne, was jogging along a street in the rural southern Oklahoma city of Duncan in August, 2013.
Unnamed boy from Medina, Ohio, showered classmates with $100 bills. He then went to a friend's house, where he showered adults with cash. The group of friends then went on a shopping spree, police said.
The clip, created by HLN's The Daily Share, illustrates the prevalence of this 'women's tax' to shocking affect. 'Gender tax' is entirely legal in almost every state in the US.
Jordan Spieth holds a one-shot lead going into final round of the Masters. The 21-year-old set a new 54-hole scoring record at Augusta. Tiger Woods, Rory McIlroy and Justin Rose are all in a five-way tie for fifth.
Matt Kemp's anger issues cost him his first marriage and his business. The chef unleashed an expletive-ridden tirade on his then-wife Lela Radojkovic, who was carrying their first child, while filming at Sydney's Restaurant Balzac in 2004. Kemp discusses his anger issues on Tuesday's episode of Insight on SBS. Former NRL player Mark Geyer also has anger management issues. The 47-year-old got in trouble a number of times for violence after consuming alcohol.
The 75-year-old man was playing golf at the Palmer Sea Reef Golf Course. He believes he stood on the crocodile while looking from his golf ball. The 1.2m reptile 'nipped' him and he drove himself back to the clubhouse. He received a deep laceration to his shin and puncture wounds to his calf.
Didier Drogba is yet to be offered an extension on his current 12-month deal. The 37-year-old striker insists he has no intention to retire at the end of the season. Drogba made a shock return to Chelsea last summer after leaving the club in 2012.
Josi Harrison, Laura Lefebvre, and Hailey Walden were all students at Clatskanie Middle School in Oregon when they were blackmailed into sending nude pictures to their boyfriends. After sending one, they were told to'suck it up' and more were sent. When they sought help from the principal and police chief, they were told they would be charged with distributing child pornography. On Thursday, two years after filing a civil suit against Clatskanie School District, a judge has ordered that each girl receive $75,000.
Robbie Fowler, David Ginola, Faustino Asprilla, Les Ferdinand, Stan Collymore and John Barnes scored for Liverpool. Newcastle's David Ginola and Faustino Asprilla were also on target. Liverpool's Collymore scored in injury time to secure the win for the Reds.
Wolfsburg are interested in Manchester United misfit Javier Hernandez. The Mexican has endured a frustrating season on loan at Real Madrid. Hernandez could be bought for around £8m as he has just one year remaining on his United contract. Wolfsburg have also considered Edin Dzeko at Manchester City. United are understood to have made a revised contract offer to Andreas Pereira.
WARNING: GRAPHIC CONTENT. Eric Harris, 44, chased by cops in Tulsa, Oklahoma, on April 2. When they catch up to him, they tackle him to ground and order him to lie on stomach. Robert Bates then yells, 'Taser! Taser!' - but takes out his gun. He then drops weapon and says in shock: 'Oh, I shot him! I'm sorry' Harris then yelps: 'Oh, my god. I'm losing my breath' Another deputy replies: 'F*** your breath. You shouldn't have f***ing ran'
Stevan Jovetic looks likely to leave Manchester City this summer. Inter Milan have proposed an initial loan deal for the forward. City are unwilling to let him leave on a temporary basis. Inter are also interested in a deal for Yaya Toure.
Mario Gomez has been linked with a move to the Nou Camp in the summer. The German striker joined Fiorentina for over £17million in July 2013. Gomez insists he is content with life at the Stadio Artemio Franchi.
Santi Cazorla has said he is happy to stay at Arsenal. The Spanish midfielder has been linked with a move to Atletico Madrid. Cazorla signed for Arsenal in 2012 for £16.5million from Malaga.
Barcelona forward Pedro has started only 12 league games this season. The 27-year-old has been linked with a move away from the Nou Camp. Pedro featured in Spain's friendly defeat by Holland on Tuesday night.
Jason Denayer is currently on loan at Celtic from Manchester City. The 19-year-old made his full Belgium debut against Israel on Tuesday. Hearts captain Danny Wilson is another defensive target for Ronny Deila.
Raymond Billam, 40, claimed he was unable to walk more than 20 metres. Grandfather-of-four said he was severely disabled due to back and knee problems. But fraud investigators secretly filmed him taking to the pitch for a Sunday League team. Billam admitted benefit fraud and was sentenced to 26-weeks in prison.
Arsenal won their eighth Premier League game in a row on Saturday. But chief executive Ivan Gazidis says he is 'not happy' with second place. The Gunners are four points behind leaders Chelsea in the Premier League. Gazidis says the Premier League will become more competitive.
Chelsea's technical director Michael Emenalo travelled to Spain on Saturday to watch Miranda during Atletico's 2-2 draw with Malaga. The 31-year-old has one year left on his contract and Atletico are reportedly keen to cash in this summer. Miranda has also been offered to Manchester United and Manchester City.
Brett Anthony O'Connor has lost his appeal to ban the media from naming him during his trial. The 52-year-old has been free on bail since March, when he was charged with sexually and indecently assaulting two 12-year-old boys. The former head of child safety at Education Queensland has been charged with ten counts of sex offences.
Chelsea goalkeeper Thibaut Courtois has struggled in recent weeks. His error led to a goal for Hull on March 22 and a goal for Stoke last weekend. Courtois was exceptional in Chelsea's win over QPR on Sunday.
Manchester United beat Manchester City 4-2 at Old Trafford on Sunday. A handful of City fans were thrown out for making airplane wings. 23 people died when Manchester United's plane crashed in Munich in 1958.
Zarina Diyas and Heather Watson both crashed out of Family Circle Cup. Diyas lost to Czech qualifier Lucie Hradecka while Watson was beaten by Croatian teen Donna Vekic.
Golden State Warriors beat Portland Trail Blazers 116-105 on Thursday. Stephen Curry hit eight three-pointers to eclipse his own record. Chicago Bulls beat Miami Heat 89-78 in Eastern Conference clash. Pau Gasol had 16 points and 15 rebounds for Bulls.
Liz the bearded dragon lives with owner Shannen Hussein on her hobby farm in Melbourne. Shannen can be heard asking Liz: 'Are you hungry?' to which the reptile responds with a definite nod of her scaly head. Liz is rewarded for her conversational skills with a superworm treat.
Hamilton was over four tenths quicker than Kimi Raikkonen. The Briton is bidding to win his fourth Chinese Grand Prix. Daniel Ricciardo was third quickest, 1.093secs adrift, but only after taking to the track 40 minutes late due to issues.
The new chief executive of Rotherham council could be paid up to £40,000 more than the outgoing boss. The council will now offer up to £200,000 to candidates, rather than the £160,000 enjoyed by former chief boss Martin Kimber.
Reanne Evans faces Ken Doherty in the first round of the World Championship. The 29-year-old is bidding to become the first woman to reach The Crucible.
Novak Djokovic beat Andy Murray 7-6 4-6 6-0 in the Miami Open final. World No 1 Djokovic claimed his fifth Miami Open title in three sets. Murray has now lost his last seven matches to the Serbian world No 1.
LeBron James says he would vote himself for MVP if he could. New NBA awards will be handed out at the end of the season. James has impressed on his return to Cleveland Cavaliers.
Liam Stewart is the son of rock star Rod Stewart and former model Rachel Hunter. The 20-year-old forward had been included in new head coach Pete Russell's 23-man party for the World Championship in Holland next week. Stewart sustained a shoulder injury during Spokane Chiefs' Western Hockey League play-off series against Everett and is replaced in the squad by Craig Peacock.
Stuart Armstrong joined Celtic from Dundee United in January. The 23-year-old is hoping to win the Scottish Premiership title this season. Celtic currently lead Aberdeen by five points at the top of the table.
David Meyler was sent off for a poor challenge on Kyle Naughton on Saturday. The Hull midfielder looked shocked as he was shown a straight red. Naughton suffered ankle ligament damage and will miss the rest of the season.
Al Kellock and Dougie Hall will both start for Glasgow Warriors. The experienced duo are to retire at the end of May. Kellock has played nearly 300 matches for the club while Hall has made 140. Cardiff Blues prop Gethin Jenkins is a doubt with a calf strain.
Celtic are to erect a bronze statue of Billy McNeill. The statue will be positioned on the recently opened Celtic Way. McNeill won nine consecutive league championship titles as a player. He was also the first British team captain to lift the European Cup.
San Antonio Spurs beat Houston Rockets 110-98. Memphis Grizzlies thrash New Orleans Pelicans 110-74. Atlanta Hawks beat Brooklyn Nets 114-111. Dallas Mavericks eliminate Phoenix Suns from playoff contention. Cleveland Cavaliers beat Milwaukee Bucks 104-99.
Newcastle have lost four in a row in all competitions. They face Liverpool at Anfield on Monday night in the Premier League. John Carver says his players have a point to prove.
Geoffrey Kondogbia was one of the most coveted players in Europe. Real Madrid, Manchester United, Juventus and PSG were all keen. The 22-year-old has impressed Liverpool scouts in Europe and Ligue 1. Liverpool also monitoring James Milner and Danny Ings.
John Carver says his Newcastle players have a point to prove. Newcastle have lost four in a row and are in relegation danger. They face Liverpool at Anfield on Monday night in the Premier League.
Gareth Bale trains with Real Madrid for the second day in a row. The Welshman returned from international duty with a double against Israel. Real face Granada in the La Liga on Sunday at 11am.
Danny Ings' contract at Burnley expires in the summer. Real Sociedad are hopeful of signing the 23-year-old forward. Liverpool, Manchester City and Manchester United have all shown interest. Ings has also had interest from Borussia Monchengladbach.
Atletico Madrid take on Real Madrid in the Champions League on Tuesday. Real beat Atletico in last season's Champions League final in Lisbon. Fernando Torres believes Diego Simeone's coaching style is key to Atletico's success this season.
Lazio beat Empoli 4-0 to go one point clear of Roma in Serie A. Napoli beat Fiorentina 3-0 to move up to fourth place in the table. Palermo's long wait for a second away win came to an end with a 3-1 win at Udinese.
Rory McIlroy is looking to complete a career grand slam this week. Only five men have won all four of golf's majors in the Masters era. McIlroy was all smiles with his caddy Niall Horan of One Direction.
The Wildcats are rooted to the foot of the table after eight consecutive defeats. The rout saw a hat-trick of tries by Wolves' Richie Myler and a 28-point haul for Stefan Ratchford.
Sergio Aguero scored his 99th goal for Manchester City on Sunday. The Argentine has now scored 100 goals in 158 appearances for the club. Aguero scored the goal that won Manchester City the Premier League in 2012.
Jamie Peacock had not scored a try for almost 12 months. The 37-year-old went over twice in the first half. Salford's last home win against Leeds was a 21-12 Regal Trophy victory at The Willows in November 1993.
Mike Brown hasn't played since the Six Nations final on March 21. The England full back was knocked out in a collision with Italy's Andrea Masi. Harlequins director of rugby Conor O'Shea has revealed his concern at the increasing force of rugby's collisions.
Manchester United beat Manchester City 4-2 in the derby at Old Trafford. Goals from Ashley Young, Marouane Fellaini, Juan Mata and Chris Smalling secured all three points for the Red Devils. United are now four points clear of City at the top of the Premier League.
Diego Costa limped off in Chelsea's 2-1 win over Stoke City on Saturday. The striker has suffered with a hamstring problem all season. Costa will miss games against QPR and Manchester United. But he is likely to be fit to face Arsenal at the Emirates on April 26.
Manuel Pellegrini could be out of a job in the summer, and if he is, he will have left little behind at Manchester City. The identity of the manager represents only a small part of the problem. City's squad is too old, too foreign and has not been improved by recent transfers. Vincent Kompany no longer seems capable of looking after his own performances.
Manchester City lost 2-1 to Crystal Palace on Monday night. Glenn Murray, Jason Puncheon and Martin Kelly scored for Palace. Eliaquim Mangala never made it off the City bench.
John Stones was on Barcelona's list of defensive transfer targets last summer. Barcelona signed Jeremy Mathieu from Valencia for £14.5m and Thomas Vermaelen from Arsenal for £15m. Stones signed a new £30,000-a-week five-year deal keeping him at Everton until 2019.
Everton beat Southampton 1-0 at Goodison Park on Saturday. Phil Jagielka scored the winning goal for the Toffees. Roberto Martinez has come in for criticism for his tactics. But the Everton boss has rejected claims he is rigid.
Romelu Lukaku's agent Mino Raiola claimed he would never have signed for Everton had he been his representative earlier. Roberto Martinez has dismissed claims suggesting his star striker could leave Goodison Park. Lukaku was injured as Everton beat Southampton 1-0 on Sunday.
Tottenham will play a Malaysia XI in the AIA Cup next month. Harry Kane will be part of the travelling party for the two exhibition games. Mauricio Pochettino has expressed fears about burnout for the striker.
Everton defeated Southampton 1-0 in their Premier League clash. Ross Barkley was substituted with 20 minutes to go after a mistake. James McCarthy said he thought Barkley was 'different class'
Kevin Streelman beat Camilo Villegas in a play-off to win the Par-3 Contest. Nicklaus recorded his first ever hole-in-one at the Masters on Wednesday. Tiger Woods played in the contest for the first time in 11 years.
Chelsea beat Stoke City 2-1 at Stamford Bridge on Saturday. Cesc Fabregas was caught in the face by Charlie Adam's flailing arm. The Spain international was left with a nasty-looking gash on his nose.
Tiger Woods is preparing for the 2015 Masters at Augusta National. The former world No 1 was spotted dancing on the practice ground. Woods will play in the Par-3 Contest for the first time in 11 years.
Marc Leishman has withdrawn from the Masters to be with his wife. Chairman Billy Payne has ruled out starting a women's Masters. Payne is promising a 'beautification' project at Augusta National.
Chelsea are seven points clear at the top of the Premier League. Blues beat Stoke 2-1 at Stamford Bridge on Saturday. Eden Hazard and Loic Remy scored for Jose Mourinho's side.
The PFA Player of the Year award will be announced in May. Chelsea's Eden Hazard, Manchester City's Sergio Aguero and Tottenham's Harry Kane are the front-runners for the prize. Manchester United's David de Gea is also in the running.
Manchester United beat Aston Villa 3-1 at Old Trafford on Saturday. Louis van Gaal's side are one point ahead of Manchester City in the table. City travel to Crystal Palace on Monday night. Van Gaal believes dropping two points will affect City's players.
Manchester United beat Aston Villa 3-1 at Old Trafford on Saturday. Marcos Rojo and Angel di Maria travelled to Portugal on Easter Sunday. Rojo played the full 90 minutes against Villa while Di Maria came on for 20.
Liverpool are currently fifth in the Premier League table. They trail fourth-placed Manchester City by seven points with seven games left. Reds midfielder Philippe Coutinho says winning the FA Cup would save their season. Liverpool face Blackburn Rovers in their FA Cup quarter-final replay on Wednesday night.
Manchester United beat Aston Villa 3-1 in their Premier League clash at Old Trafford on Saturday. Ander Herrera opened the scoring in the 43rd minute before Wayne Rooney doubled United's lead on 79 minutes. Christian Benteke pulled one back for Villa with a close-range finish in the 80th minute.
Alan Pardew has won nine games in charge of both Crystal Palace and Newcastle this season. The 'Team Pardew' table shows he would be in the top seven if he had had a full season in charge at both clubs. A team compiled with Palace's stats pre/post Pardew would be sitting in 19th. A top-half finish is now the aim for Pardew and his men.
Bafetimbi Gomis scored twice in Swansea's 3-1 victory over Hull. The Frenchman earned a Game Index score of 52.9 this weekend. Queens Park Rangers forward Charlie Austin is this week's runner up. Chelsea star Eden Hazard completes the top three with a Game Index score of 51.7.
Liverpool face Blackburn in the FA Cup quarter-final on Wednesday. Brendan Rodgers could recall £20million defender Dejan Lovren. Emre Can and Martin Skrtel are both suspended for the game.
Alex Pritchard opened the scoring for Brentford in the 21st minute. But Darren Bent scored in the 92nd minute to rescue a point for Derby. The Rams still need to win to keep their automatic promotion hopes alive.
Tony Pulis has discussed pre-season plans with Saido Berahino. Berahino is likely to be away with Gareth Southgate’s England under 21 side in the Czech Republic until late June. The 21-year-old has said he would leave to fulfil his desire to play in Champions League football.
Leicester City are currently bottom of the Premier League table. Nigel Pearson's side are six points adrift from safety. The Foxes travel to West Brom on Saturday.
Neymar 'can't understand why he is subbed so much', says Spanish paper Sport. Barcelona star was substituted at 2-1 and 15 minutes to play at Sevilla. Spanish paper says only Ivan Rakitic and Andres Iniesta have been replaced more. In Italy the headlines are dominated by Lazio's win over Empoli.
Troy Deeney has scored 20 goals for Watford this season. The Hornets are one point off the top of the Championship table. Deeney believes he can follow in the footsteps of Charlie Austin and Danny Ings by becoming a Premier League hit.
Jeremy Peace has put West Brom up for sale for £150million. Chairman wants to ensure his legacy is maintained at the Hawthorns. Tony Pulis is adamant Peace will sell the club to someone who wants to invest heavily.
Liverpool lost 4-1 to Arsenal in the Premier League on Saturday. Michael Owen believes there should not be a debate about whether Raheem Sterling is a better player than Mesut Ozil. The former Liverpool forward made the claim before the game. CLICK HERE for all the latest Liverpool news.
Robert Lewandowski scored the winner on his first visit back to the club he left on a free transfer last summer. Lewandowski spent four years at Dortmund leading them to back-to-back league titles during that period. Pep Guardiola's side restored their 10-point lead at the top of the Bundesliga.
Mateo Musacchio fractured his fibula and dislocated his ankle on Sunday. The 24-year-old underwent successful surgery in Madrid. Santi Cazorla and Luciano Vietto tweeted support for the defender.
Bayern Munich beat Borussia Dortmund 1-0 on Saturday night. Bastian Schweinsteiger limped off with an ankle problem in the game. The German champions face Bayer Leverkusen on Wednesday. Bayern already without Franck Ribery, Arjen Robben and David Alaba.
Bayern Munich face Bayer Leverkusen in the German Cup quarter-final. Pep Guardiola's side are without Franck Ribery, Arjen Robben, David Alaba and Holger Badstuber. Thiago Alcantara made his first appearance for a year against Dortmund.
Manuel Pellegrini says Manchester City's academy players are not ready. Premier League regulations require clubs to carry at least eight homegrown players, which can include youngsters who have spent three of their formative years at an English club. Pellegrini's assertions may mean City buy English players like Raheem Sterling to reach homegrown quotas.
Ross McCormack gave Fulham an early lead at Craven Cottage. Jermaine Pennant equalised for Wigan before Matt Smith restored Fulham's lead. Jason Pearce's 69th-minute goal earned the Latics a point.
Gary Hooper came off the bench to score a stoppage-time winner. The former Celtic striker kept Norwich on track for promotion. Graham Dorrans had given the visitors an early lead at the Macron Stadium. Adam Le Fondre had extended Bolton's unbeaten run to four games.
Manchester United beat Manchester City 4-2 at Old Trafford on Sunday. Ashley Young, Marouane Fellaini, Juan Mata and Chris Smalling scored for United. Sergio Aguero scored a late consolation for City.
England defeated South Africa 21-14 in the final of the Sevens World Series in Tokyo. Phil Burgess, Charlie Hayter and Tom Mitchell scored the tries in the final for the English. It is England's first title since the Wellington Sevens in February 2013.
Tracey Neville is Phil Neville's twin and sister to Gary Neville. Neville has risen to the rank of national head coach first. She will take England's netball team to this summer's World Cup in Australia while her brothers continue to combine coaching and broadcasting. Neville believes she is a natural leader like her brothers.
Wing's Chinese restaurant is popular with Manchester's footballers. Wayne Rooney, Radamel Falcao and Sir Alex Ferguson have all dined there. The Class of '92 - Gary and Phil Neville, Ryan Giggs, Paul Scholes and Nicky Butt - also dined there. Frankie Sandford, Peter Crouch and Kelly Brook have been snapped there.
Arsenal beat Liverpool 3-0 at the Emirates on Saturday afternoon. The Gunners are fourth in the Premier League table. Arsene Wenger's side have won seven in a row in all competitions.
Kenny Miller fears Rangers' promotion bid could be derailed by the Ibrox side's rollercoaster run of form. Gers suffered the first defeat of new boss Stuart McCall's six-game reign on Thursday night as they slumped 3-0 at Queen of the South. It was especially flat after the high of recent Scottish Championship victories over Hearts and Hibernian.
Jake Drage sang a children's song for reporters as he left a West Java jail nine months after he was put behind bars. The 23-year-old surfer, who was taken into custody in June last year, said he cannot wait to get back in the water. He was jailed after a crash that killed a woman who was riding pillion on a motorcycle with her teenage daughter.
Novak Djokovic lost the second set of the Miami Open final to Andy Murray. He started shouting at his backroom team after losing the second set. A ball boy was caught up in the crossfire during the heated exchange. Djokovic has since apologised to the boy and his parents on his Facebook page.
Confederation of African Football president Issa Hayatou promises unanimous support for Sepp Blatter's presidential bid. Hayatou made the comments in front of Blatter's three challengers. Luis Figo, Michael van Praag and Prince Ali bin al-Hussein are standing against Blatter.
Atletico Madrid beat Real Sociedad 2-0 at the Vicente Calderon. Mikel Gonzalez scores an own goal after just 10 minutes. Antoine Griezmann doubles the hosts' lead 10 minutes later. The result keeps Diego Simeone's side within two points of Real Madrid.
Cristiano Ronaldo scored 300th goal for Real Madrid in 2-0 win at Rayo Vallecano on Wednesday. Portugal international becomes only the third player in Madrid's history to achieve the feat. Ronaldo has netted 161 goals in the Santiago Bernabeu and 61 between minutes 76 and 90.
Gary Mabbutt, 53, woke up at 1am to find his left leg had gone cold. Doctors warned him it was 'touch and go' whether his leg would have to be amputated. Mabbutt's diabetes had led to a clogged artery in the limb. Surgeons were required to replace the main artery in his left leg with a vein. They also needed 112 staples to seal the horrific wound.
Jennifer Aniston, 46, works out three times a week with her trainer. PT sessions include 20-25 minutes of spinning, followed by 45 minutes of yoga. She says exercise, plus meditation, is her 'ultimate stress reliever'
Bizarre incident caught on CCTV at Nottingham train station's multi-storey car park. Man seen lifting metal barrier on to his shoulders causing'substantial damage' Police have released CCTV image in hope he will be recognised by public.
Atletico Madrid and Real Madrid drew 0-0 at the Vicente Calderon on Tuesday. Jan Oblak denied Gareth Bale, Cristiano Ronaldo and James Rodriguez. Diego Simeone and Carlo Ancelotti both praised the goalkeeper.
Gary Barlow surprised Danielle Jones, 33, by singing at her wedding reception. The Take That singer sang 'A Million Love Songs' as a gift to the bride. Bridesmaids Kirsty Miles and Becky Young had asked the singer to sing. Barlow secretly replied to the bridesmaids saying 'let's do this'
Deanna Robinson, of Quinlan, Texas, was 38 weeks pregnant when she says she was struck at least three times at her parents' home. She said CPS were present to remove her 18-month-old son because of allegations of abuse or neglect following a fight between her and her husband. The March 4 video shows a group of people in the kitchen of her parents' home - her mother is holding her son as two officers struggle with Robinson. Robinson, 38, is cornered and there are two officers behind her - she is not clearly visible, but is near the kitchen counter.
Amanda Peake Glover was a youth ministry teacher and choir singer who'd only one month before had completed the Myrtle Beach marathon with her brother. She is survived by her husband Benjamin, daughters Hope, Reagan and Caroline and son Walker.
Woods, 39, was pictured hugging Sam, 8, and Charlie, 6, during the second day of practice at the Augusta National Golf Club. The former world No 1 needs all the support he can get after he recently dropped out of the world's top 100 rankings for the first time since September 1996. Woods hasn't won a major since the 2008 US Open and the last of his four Masters wins was a decade ago.
Atletico Madrid and Real Madrid played out a goalless draw at the Vicente Calderon. Jan Oblak was man of the match for Diego Simeone's side. Raphael Varane was in excellent form for Real Madrid in defence.
Kieran Lee scored the only goal of the game for Sheffield Wednesday. The Owls claimed all three points against Brentford at Hillsborough. Brentford remain in play-off contention despite defeat.
TOWIE star Jake Hall scored his first goal for Boston United on Monday. His on-off girlfriend Chloe Lewis was in the stands at York Street. The goal put a smile on Lewis' face as Boston beat Tamworth 2-0.
Andy Murray, 27, and Kim Sears, 27, will tie the knot in Dunblane Cathedral on April 11. Among the guests expected to attend is one-time British tennis star Tim Henman. Novak Djokovic and James Corden aren't expected to attend.
Opposition TV network Dozhd gave Hillary Clinton's video an 18 rating. Fears it could fall foul of Putin's 'gay propaganda' laws. Law allows heavy fines for promoting homosexuality to people under 18. Video features Democrat campaigners Jared Milrad and Nate Johnson. They are talking about their upcoming wedding and holding hands.
Cara Lee-Fanus suffered horrific injuries just before her second birthday. She was rushed to hospital but died from a head injury the next day. Her mother, Kirsty Lee, 25, and her ex boyfriend Alistair Wayne Bowen, 35, appeared in court today. They were charged with causing or allowing the death of a child.
The cricketing legend was laid to rest at a small private funeral in Sydney's eastern suburbs attended by only immediate family members. His wife, Daphne, kept the details of where and when his funeral service would be held so under wraps that even immediate family members said they didn't know the location. Following the funeral service, a memorial was held at the Australian Golf Club attended by Richie's former cricket commentating colleagues.
Huddersfield ensured their status in the Championship with a goalless draw at Brighton. The point for the Seagulls ended a run of three successive defeats. Birmingham's Demarai Gray was on target for the second successive game. Adam Le Fondre's seventh goal of the season rescued a point for Bolton.
The 44-year-old, named by locals as Donna Christie, slipped and fell from Hassans Fall lookout at Lithgow on Tuesday afternoon. She was bushwalking with a male friend and her two children, aged 12 and 13, when she dropped her phone at the lookout, which is almost 1,100 metres above sea level. She is believed to have suffered serious head, spinal and chest injuries when she plunged 30 metres. She was airlifted to Westmead Hospital in Sydney where she remains in a stable condition.
Rolando Aarons has suffered another injury setback and may not play again this season. The Newcastle midfielder was in contention to play for the club's Under 21s against Derby on Wednesday. Moussa Sissoko was sent off during Monday night's loss at Liverpool.
Some 1,500 couples in Britain have had babies using EmbryoScope. The technology allows medics and parents to watch the cell dividing. It also allows experts to select the best embryos based on how they form.
Barcelona face Paris Saint-Germain in the Champions League on Wednesday. Luis Enrique has played down Neymar's angry reaction to being substituted. Neymar scored a superb free kick in the 2-2 La Liga draw with Sevilla.
Dane Bouris appeared at Waverley Court on Tuesday and pleaded not guilty. He was arrested at his Watsons Bay home - in Sydney's east - on the weekend for allegedly assaulting his girlfriend, Alexandra Dankwa. Bouris is the son of Wizard Home Loans founder Mark Bouris and has appeared as an advisor on The Apprentice.
In a survey conducted by Direct Line, 2,005 adults in the UK were questioned on what common events make them feel stressed. Not being able to sleep, losing your keys, and being stuck in traffic ranked as the top three emergencies that Brits find most straining.
Scottish comedian Limmy posted a video of a spider crawling out of his mouth. The three-inch house spider was filmed making its way across his face. Limmy's fans have been left horrified by the footage.
Rose Devereux, 49, was left in agony and disfigured after years of alleged incompetent treatment. Pictures show her bottom row of teeth virtually destroyed by terrible gum disease and crowns covering a similar disaster on the top row. She now faces a bill of £30,000 to get her smile back.
Raheem Sterling has attracted interest from a number of big clubs. Liverpool boss Brendan Rodgers has insisted he will not be sold this summer. Sportsmail takes a look at five possible destinations for Sterling.
Chelsea beat Shakhtar Donetsk 3-2 to win the UEFA Youth Team League. Izzy Brown and Dominic Solanke scored the goals that secured victory. Brown was named on the bench for Chelsea's game against QPR on Sunday.
Manchester City midfielder Yaya Toure is a target for Inter Milan. The Italian giants are prepared to submit an offer of 43million euros. Inter are also working on new deals for Mauro Icardi and Mateo Kovacic.
Jared Milrad and Nate Johnson, from Chicago, Illinois, were seen walking hand in hand in Clinton's video to announce her 2016 bid. Milrad's voice is heard saying: 'I'm getting married this summer to someone I really care about' The couple will get married in July in a park bordering Lake Michigan then have their reception at a LGBT community center.
Kevin Wimmer is a £4.4million target for Tottenham this summer. The Cologne defender has one senior international cap for Austria. He says it would be a dream to join a top club like Spurs.
Raheem Sterling says he is not ready to sign a new £100,000-a-week deal. Former Manchester United midfielder Paul Scholes has advised Sterling to stay at Liverpool and continue to develop. Scholes says Sterling should concentrate on playing every week.
N'golo Kante has impressed for French side Caen this season. Caen are willing to sell the midfielder for around £5million. Arsenal, Newcastle United and Southampton have all checked on the midfielder.
Jose Luis Gaya is a Real Madrid target for next season. But Chelsea and Manchester City are both interested in the left-back. Valencia are trying to renew Gaya's contract after first offer was rejected.
Lauren Hill, 19, passed away from Diffuse Intrinsic Pontine Glioma on Friday. LeBron James, 30, posted emotional farewell letter to teenager on Twitter. Praised Lauren for 'leadership', 'courage' and'strength' she had shown. 'For every life u touched, u made biggest impact [on] them by just being YOU!!' He added that he had spoken 'plenty of times' about Lauren to his grandmother. Letter has since been retweeted tens of thousands of times; many users have deemed tribute 'touching' and 'beautiful'
Clarence Habersham, 37, was the second officer to arrive at scene of shooting. He reported that Walter Scott, 50, had gunshot wounds to chest and backside. But Habersham did not report that shooter Michael Slager had fired Taser. Slager, 33, has been fired and charged with murder over Scott's death.
Williams angered Led Zeppelin rocker with proposals for 46-room mansion. He wanted to build underground extension under the garden and glass studio. Williams responded by withdrawing the blueprints but has now returned. He wants to focus instead on the inside of the property, which he bought for £17.5million in 2013 and includes a swimming pool.
City officials are trying to determine what caused bricks to fall nine stories from the facade of a vacant building in downtown Cleveland, crushing a minivan that was parked below. Cleveland fire officials say bricks along the top of the former National City Bank building collapsed and showered down onto the street and sidewalk just after 4 p.m. Monday but no one was injured. Cleveland fire department spokesman Larry Gray said that no construction or renovations were being done on the building at the time of the accident.
Edson Cholbi do Nascimento, known as Edinho, will be the team's coach in the second division of the Brazilian league this year. Mogi Mirim currently have former Brazil player Rivaldo as their president. Edinho recently made headlines after being convicted in a money laundering case that involved a drug gang.
Hamburg have appointed Bruno Labbadia as their new coach. The 49-year-old takes over from interim coach Peter Knaebel. Hamburg are anchored in last place with six matches left.
Police are hunting the owner of a 'Staffy-type' dog after girl was attacked. The child was outside shops with her older sister in Brighton, East Sussex. She suffered a single puncture wound to her upper lip following the incident.
Newcastle lost 2-0 to Liverpool at Anfield on Monday night. It was Newcastle's fifth successive Premier League defeat. John Carver's side are just nine points above the relegation zone.
Erica Leeder, 26, was charged with assaulting a police officer. She squirted breast milk at a female officer during a strip search. The incident occurred at Rockingham Police Station, south of Perth. The mother of three was granted bail and will reappear in court in May.
Siem de Jong has not played since suffering a collapsed lung in February. The £6million signing has started just one Premier League game for Newcastle. De Jong will feature for the reserves against Derby County on Wednesday.
Miracle Godson drowned after jumping into deep waters at East Quarry. Friends desperately tried to save him but his lifeless body was found. Police say his death is not being treated as suspicious but an inquest will be held. Tributes have been left at the scene and a Facebook page set up.
Hibernian face a battle to cash in on the Premiership play-offs. Easter Road club stand to make £1million from anticipated sell-out home gates against Rangers and the 11th place club in the Premiership - currently Motherwell. Under recently passed SPFL rules, play-off sides must hand over 50 per cent of their play-off profits for distribution among lower league clubs within seven days.
Aljaz Bedene is determined to play for Great Britain in the Davis Cup. The world No 99 has switched his nationality from Slovenia to Britain. The ITF have ruled that he cannot play for Great Britain in the competition. Greg Rusedski has backed Bedene's bid to overturn the ruling.
Lewis Hamilton was four hundredths of a second quicker than team-mate Nico Rosberg. Sebastian Vettel will start third but Ferrari are stronger over a long run. Jenson Button out-qualified Fernando Alonso for the second consecutive race, but will only start 17th.
Justin Rose will tee off at 19.50 (BST) with Masters leader Jordan Spieth. Phil Mickelson and Charley Hoffman tee off at 19.40 (BST) World No 1 Rory McIlroy is paired with Tiger Woods.
Novak Djokovic beat Andy Murray 7-6 4-6 6-0 in the Miami Open final. World No 1 shouted at his backroom team after losing the second set. Djokovic grabbed a towel from a startled ball boy at the end of the second set. The Serb has since issued an apology via his Facebook page.
AP McCoy rode Don Cossack to victory in the Melling Chase at Aintree. The jockey is preparing for his final Grand National on Saturday. McCoy struck on day one in the Doom Bar Aintree Hurdle with Jezki.
Hamilton now has a record five poles to his name at the Shanghai International Circuit. The 30-year-old Briton finished just 0.042secs ahead of his Mercedes team-mate Nico Rosberg. Ferrari's Sebastian Vettel will start third, albeit down by nine tenths of a second on Hamilton.
Daniel Ricciardo has called for a back-to-basics approach for Red Bull. The Australian driver has urged his team to go back to basics after a troubled start to the 2015 Formula One season. Ricciardo finished third quickest in practice ahead of this weekend's Chinese Grand Prix.
Trott last played a Test for England in November 2013. He withdrew from England's disastrous Ashes tour with a stress-related illness. Jerome Taylor dismissed Trott in the first over of the match.
Jimmy Anderson was presented with a special silver cap by Mike Atherton. Both teams paid their respects to Richie Benaud before the start of play. Chris Gayle played for Royal Challengers Bangalore in the IPL. Ian Bell and Joe Root could be seen wearing new headgear.
Jonathan Brownlee backed up his win in Auckland a fortnight ago. The 24-year-old won the Gold Coast Triathlon in Australia on Saturday. Brownlee leads the series rankings with 2,186 points from Javier Gomez.
Paul Scholes, Gary Neville and Phil Neville appear in netball video. Manchester Thunder lip-sync 'Is This The Way To Amarillo' in support of team. England women's footballers and soap stars also feature in video.
Sunderland beat Newcastle 1-0 in the Premier League last weekend. The win moved the Black Cats three points clear of the relegation zone. Costel Pantilimon has been in fine form since Dick Advocaat took over.
Celtic drew 1-1 with Inverness in the Scottish Premiership on Saturday. Leigh Griffiths fired Celtic into an early lead after just 135 seconds. Edward Ofere equalised for Caley Thistle with a minute to go.
Ian Bell scored 143 on the first day of the first Test in Antigua. The 33-year-old was dropped from the side in the Caribbean in 2009. Bell put on 177 for the fourth wicket with Joe Root and added 130 for the fifth wicket with Ben Stokes.
Stuart Armstrong has backed under-fire Dundee United boss Jackie McNamara to turn around his troubled season at Tannadice. McNamara has faced a furious fan backlash in the past week amid a woeful run of results allied to the revelation that he receives a cut of transfer fees for United players sales. United have won just once, in a Scottish Cup tie at Stranraer.
Roberto Martinez will hold talks with Kevin Mirallas at the end of the season. The Everton boss wants to keep Aaron Lennon at Goodison Park. Lennon arrived at Goodison Park on loan in January.
Leigh Griffiths fired Celtic into an early lead with a third minute strike. But Edward Ofere equalised for Inverness a minute later. The result leaves Celtic two points clear at the top of the Scottish Premiership.
Rangers beat Raith Rovers 4-0 at Ibrox on Sunday afternoon. Nicky Law grabbed a double before Haris Vuckic and Nicky Clark scored. Stuart McCall's side remain level on 61 points with Hibernian.
Rangers defeated Raith Rovers 4-0 in the Championship on Sunday. Nicky Law scored twice for the Ibrox side. Nicky Clark and Haris Vuckic also netted for Rangers. Stuart McCall has warned his players they must improve.
Moussa Sissoko was sent off for two bookable offences at Anfield. The midfielder caught Liverpool midfielder Lucas on the ankle. Newcastle manager John Carver labelled the tackle 'indefensible'
Harry Redknapp branded the situation at QPR a ‘soap opera’ and accused ‘people with their agendas’ of working against him before he left the club in February. Others, including Joey Barton, blame Redknapp’s recruitment in the summer transfer window and poor work on the training ground. Sandro said Redknapp should not shoulder all the blame, despite leaving the club second from bottom in the table.
Liverpool beat Newcastle United 2-0 at Anfield on Monday night. Jordan Henderson and Simon Mignolet both played their 47th game of season. Manchester City are four points above Liverpool in the Premier League.
Chelsea beat Shakhtar Donetsk 3-2 in the UEFA Youth League final. Izzy Brown and Dominic Solanke scored the goals that secured victory. The Blues are now the best team in Europe after scoring 36 goals. But how many of their young stars will make Jose Mourinho's first-team?
A new post has been opened after Paul Downton lost his job as the England and Wales Cricket Board's managing director of cricket. ECB chief executive Tom Harrison is keen to have Downton's replacement focus solely on performances, rather than administration duties. Ashes 2005 winning skipper Michael Vaughan is among the early frontrunners.
Paul Downton paid the price for England's poor World Cup showing. Alastair Cook, Peter Moores and Kevin Pietersen all under pressure. Chairman of selectors James Whitaker looks sure to follow Downton out the door.
Chelsea take on Shakhtar Donetsk in the final of the UEFA Youth League. Adi Viveash's team will start as favourites after their emphatic 4-0 win over Roma in the semi-finals on Friday. Monday's final will be played at the Stade Colovray in Nyon, Switzerland.
Tour of Flanders and Paris-Roubaix are looming large over the next two weekends. Sir Bradley Wiggins electing to end his Team Sky career with an appearance at Paris-Roubaix on April 12. Sean Kelly believes the time has come for Team Sky to break their duck in one of cycling's Monuments.
David Ospina has won 11 of his 12 Premier League appearances. The Arsenal goalkeeper has a win ratio of 91.7 per cent. Ospina displaced Wojciech Szczesny as No 1 in January. Arjen Robben has the most appearances with 55 wins from 67.
Augusta National was drenched during practice on Tuesday ahead of the Masters. Rory McIlroy could face record high temperatures on the first day, with mercury expected to reach 90F. Augusta National has its own weather centre where officials can keep an eye on any extreme changes.
The Masters Championship begins on Thursday at Augusta National. Rory McIlroy, Ian Poulter, Graeme McDowell and Justin Rose among those in action. Nick Faldo and Charl Schwartzel among those to have won the tournament.
Paul Downton has left his role as managing director of England and Wales Cricket Board. One ECB board member said Downton was just too accident-prone for a role that has seen him flounder in the face of the bitter fallout from an Ashes whitewash. The move came a day ahead of an ECB board meeting that was meant to discuss the future of Downton.
Dikembe Mutombo was elected to the Naismith Memorial Basketball Hall of Fame. The Congolese centre was famous for swatting away shots and wagging his finger at them. Mutombo was a four-times NBA Player of the Year and led the league in blocked shots for five straight seasons.
Rory McIlroy will tee off his bid to become just the sixth man to win golf's Grand Slam alongside Phil Mickelson and Ryan Moore at Augusta National on Thursday. Tiger Woods returns to action for the first time since February alongside two stars of last year's Ryder Cup at Gleneagles, Jamie Donaldson and Jimmy Walker.
Cesc Fabregas scored the only goal of the game in the 88th minute. The win moves Chelsea seven points clear at the top of the Premier League. Blues striker Didier Drogba praised his side's 'belief' at Loftus Road.
Brook Lopez scored 32 points as Brooklyn Nets beat Portland Trail Blazers. Nets close in on play-off place in Eastern Conference with ninth win in 11. LaMarcus Aldridge and Nicolas Batum among those missing for Trail Blazers.
Manchester City lost 2-1 at home to Crystal Palace on Monday night. City are now nine points behind Premier League leaders Chelsea. Gary Neville believes City have a'mentality problem'
Atletico Madrid take on Real Madrid in the Champions League on Tuesday. Diego Simeone's side have not lost to Real in six matches since the 2014 final. Fernando Torres believes Simeone's character is behind Atletico's success.
Jolyon Palmer will drive in every Friday practice session for Lotus this season. The 24-year-old is determined to claim a place in Formula One next year.
San Antonio Spurs defeated Golden State Warriors 107-92 on Sunday. Kawhi Leonard matched his career best with 26 points and set a new career-high with seven steals. The result ended Golden State's 12-game winning streak. San Antonio extended their home winning streak over Golden State to 32 straight, dating back to 1997, the season before Duncan arrived. Elsewhere, Houston beat Oklahoma City 115-112 and LeBron James recorded his first triple-double since returning to Cleveland to lift the Cavaliers over Chicago 99-94.
Jordan Spieth believes he is better equipped to win the Masters this year. The 21-year-old threw away a two-shot lead to finish joint second last year. Spieth is looking to become the youngest ever Masters champion.
Real Madrid face Atletico Madrid in the Champions League on Tuesday. Carlo Ancelotti's side have failed to beat their local rivals in six attempts this season. But Marcelo says they will not be affected by their recent results. The last time Real beat Atletico was in last season's Champions League final.
Atlanta Hawks beat Brooklyn Nets 131-99 on Saturday night. Al Horford and DeMarre Carroll scored 20 points each for Hawks. Paul Millsap left the game early with shoulder injury. Golden State Warriors beat Dallas Mavericks 123-110. Boston Celtics beat Toronto Raptors in overtime. Los Angeles Clippers beat Denver Nuggets 107-92.
Roberto Carlos won the 2002 World Cup as a player for Brazil. The 42-year-old has managed in Turkey with Sivasspor and Akhisar Belediyespor. Carlos says he finds coaching easy after the pressures he faced as a player.
Sergio Aguero gave the Northern combined XI the lead after less than a minute. Alexis Sanchez and Harry Kane scored in the second-half to give the Southern All-Stars a 3-1 victory. Sanchez is the stand-out player in Football Manager's player ratings with 6.1 while Martin Skrtel was the worst.
Barcelona face Paris Saint-Germain in the Champions League on Wednesday. The first-leg of the quarter-final will take place at the Parc des Princes. Defender Adriano has warned his team-mates they must be at their absolute best if they are to overcome PSG's star-studded squad. PSG boast the likes of Zlatan Ibrahimovic, Thiago Silva and Lucas Moura.
Atletico Madrid host Real Madrid in the first leg of their Champions League quarter-final clash on Tuesday night. Real are yet to win a game in six Madrid derbies this season. Atletico are unbeaten in six meetings between the two sides this term.
Paris Saint-Germain face Barcelona in the Champions League on Wednesday. Lucas Moura has singled out Lionel Messi for special praise. PSG playmaker believes Messi is the best player in the world.
Thiago Silva wants PSG to impose their style of play on Barcelona. PSG host Barcelona in the Champions League quarter-final this week. Barcelona can unleash a front three of Lionel Messi, Luis Suarez and Neymar. PSG beat Barcelona in the group stages of the competition earlier this year.
Chelsea are in talks with Belgian side Royal Mouscron-Peruwelz. The Blues have been looking for alternatives to Vitesse Arnhem. Mouscron are 13th in the Belgian league.
Medhi Benatia suffered a muscle injury against Bayer Leverkusen. The defender could miss both legs of Bayern Munich's Champions League quarter-final against Porto. The 27-year-old was taken off in the first half of their victory on penalties in the German Cup last eight on Wednesday.
PSG beat Bastia 4-0 in the French League Cup final on Saturday. Zlatan Ibrahimovic opened the scoring from the penalty spot in the first half. Former Arsenal defender Sebastien Squillaci was sent off for a foul on Ezequiel Lavezzi. Ibrahimovic doubled the lead before half-time to put PSG firmly in control. Edinson Cavani added more gloss to the win with a fine header.
FIFA have been investigating allegations of match-fixing in the build-up to the 2010 World Cup in South Africa. South Africa's sports minister Fikile Mbalula met with the chairman of the ethics committee's investigatory chamber in Zurich to seek clarity on the status of the long-awaited report. Mbalula has previously expressed frustration with FIFA over delays in the investigation.
The player was offered money by a state team mate if he followed a 'pre-decided pattern of play', Indian Express reported. The Rajasthan franchise said the player immediately reported the incident to the Indian cricket board's (I) Anti-Corruption and Security Unit.
Stuart McCall insists he's loving life as Rangers manager. The former Motherwell boss replaced Kenny McDowall at Ibrox. Rangers lost 3-0 to Queen of the South on Thursday night.
Nikola Karabatic will stand trial for fraud over his suspected involvement in an illegal betting case. Karabatic, a multiple world and Olympic gold medalist, and his younger brother Luka were among a group of players banned by the French league two years ago. They were among a group of players banned for betting on the result of a match in which their Montpellier club, which had already secured the title, lost to a struggling team.
Stuart McCall has warned defender Bilel Mohsni about his discipline. Tunisian centre-back picked up a booking for reacting to opposition fans during Thursday's 3-0 defeat from Queen of the South. Rangers host Raith Rovers in the Scottish Championship on Sunday.
Edinburgh face Newport Gwent Dragons in the semi-final of the European Challenge Cup. Tim Visser signed a two-year deal with Harlequins this month. Visser was a key player in Edinburgh's win over London Irish.
Derek Lyle opened the scoring for Queen of the South on 33minutes. Lee Wallace's own goal doubled the hosts' lead at the start of the second half. Gavin Reilly forced an own goal for the hosts in the 69th minute.
Al Kellock will retire at the end of the season and take up a new role with the SRU. The 33-year-old has amassed 56 international caps and made over 200 appearances for Glasgow and Edinburgh. Kellock admitted that the odds were stacked against him even being a rugby player as he grew up in football-mad Bishopbriggs.
Bristol City move to within a point of promotion with victory at Preston. Aaron Wilbraham scored the only goal of the game in the 63rd minute. Preston stay in third place, seven points ahead of MK Dons.
Edinson Cavani is a target for Manchester United this summer. The Uruguayan striker's agent Claudio Anelucci says a move to England is a possibility. Anelucci says a move to Spain would also suit Cavani. United are thought to be interested in Cavani to replace Robin van Persie.
American Airlines is targeting a younger demographic with the introduction of their new 'indie' cabin playlists. While boarding and disembarking, specially selected indie rock music will now be piped into the cabin. The xx, Haim, Phantogram and Hozier are just a few of the artists on board.
Gregory van der Wiel says he's not looking to leave Paris Saint-Germain. The full back had a recent spat with manager Laurent Blanc. The Dutchman wants to sign a new contract at the French champions.
Jordon Ibe posted a video of him performing the dance move. The 19-year-old is currently out with a knee injury. Ibe is expected to return in the next few weeks.
Kerry Hamilton, 34, had stomach cramps, bleeding and irregular periods. She also experienced spotting in between her periods, longer periods than normal and stomach cramps for two years before doctors finally diagnosed her with cancer. Leiomyosarcoma is a rare cancer of the soft tissue normally found in women over 50. Ms Hamilton underwent a hysterectomy at just 34 and was devastated at the thought of not being able to carry a child. She now wants to raise awareness so that other women with seemingly 'everyday' symptoms like cramps visit their GP.
Liverpool have lost ground in the race for the Champions League places. Brendan Rodgers' side were beaten by Arsenal and Manchester United. Blackburn host Liverpool in their FA Cup quarter-final replay on Wednesday.
Riff lets you film videos and upload them to Facebook and the app. Friends and strangers can then film relevant clips and attach them to the end of your video. Each video has a counter that shows how many clips are attached. It also shows how many people have viewed the project. The app was created by London-based developers through Facebook's Creative Labs.
Xabi Alonso takes a tumble during passing drill in training. Bayern Munich beat Borussia Dortmund 3-1 on Saturday. Pep Guardiola's side are 10 points clear at the top of the Bundesliga.
Samir Nasri went out with girlfriend Anara Atanes in London on Tuesday. The pair dined at Hakassan, an award-winning Michelin star restaurant. Man City lost 2-1 at Crystal Palace in the Premier League on Monday night.
Ander Herrera says he bares his forename and surname on the back of his shirt for supersitution. The Manchester United midfielder cites his reasons following a good spell at Athletic Bilbao. Herrera joined United for £29million following a relatively successful three-year period at Bilbao.
LeBron James posted a picture of himself in the dentist's chair. The 11-time All Star brushed off rough treatment from the Chicago Bulls as his Cleveland Cavaliers won on Sunday. The Cavaliers are flying high with four games to play until the post-season.
Inmates of different races and gang affiliations mix during their daily exercise and in the cafeteria during lunch. A Sensitive Needs Housing Unit can be found inside Level IV maximum-security facilities. CDC has seen a dramatic increase in requests from inmates seeking special protection for dropping out of prison gangs.
Nasr Bitar saw the car on the streets of Mississauga, Canada, last year. Decided to follow it in his own vehicle - and get the perfect selfie. After waiting for it to appear on the map, he posted the snap online.
Preston North End sit second in the League One table. Kevin Davies has found the net just once in his 38 appearances this season. The 38-year-old was an unused substitute for Preston's 3-0 win at Bradford. CLICK HERE for all the latest Preston North End news.
England reduced St Kitts to 24 for six in farcical circumstances. Alastair Cook and Ian Bell both made centuries before being retired. Liam Plunkett and Mark Wood were brought in for work outs. James Tredwell took three wickets to Adil Rashid's one.
Arsenal forward Danny Welbeck was at the Manchester Arena on Monday. Jose Enrique was also in attendance along with Alberto Moreno and Mamadou Sakho. Enrique took to Instagram to share a few snaps from the night out.
Marcos Rojo enjoyed a meal out with family and friends in Portugal. The Manchester United defender was in action against Aston Villa on Saturday. Rojo's affair with fitness instructor Sarah Watson was exposed last week. Watson claims Rojo and his advisors tried to frame her for blackmail.
Jack Wilshere has been out of action since November with an ankle injury. He played 90 minutes for Arsenal's Under 21 side on Tuesday night. Wilshere is hoping to make his first-team return in the next few weeks. Arsenal face Reading in the FA Cup semi-final on April 18. They then host Manchester United in the Premier League on May 20.
Roy Keane will stand trial in June after an alleged road-rage incident. Keane is said to have aggressively behaved towards cabbie Fateh Kerar. He did not attend a brief hearing at Trafford Magistrates' Court on Wednesday but a not guilty plea was entered on his behalf by his lawyer.
Liverpool face Blackburn in the FA Cup fifth round replay on Wednesday. Brendan Rodgers set his side the objective of winning a trophy and finishing inside the top four. Blackburn's record against top-flight opposition is poor.
Cristiano Ronaldo scored five goals as Real Madrid beat Granada 9-1. The Portuguese star took to Twitter to encourage his followers to exercise. 'It's good for your body and your mind!' he wrote.
Kim Min Hyeok allegedly stamped on the face of Mu Kanazaki. The Sagan Tosu defender only received a yellow card for the challenge. Japanese fans have demanded the expulsion of all South Koreans.
Christian Benteke scored a hat-trick as Aston Villa drew 3-3 with QPR. The striker's treble clinched a pulsating 3-3 draw with their drop rivals. Villa are three points above the Barclays Premier League drop zone.
Cesc Fabregas took to Instagram to show off the shiners he picked up from Charlie Adam. The Chelsea midfielder was caught in the face by Stoke City midfielder Adam's flailing arm during their game on Saturday. The collision left the Spain international with a bloody nose. Fabregas joked earlier in the week that he could finally get his nose fixed.
Two-time Grand National winner appears to jump horse over moving car. Paddy Power advert shows Walsh galloping towards speeding car. Irish jockey is riding Ballycasey in Saturday's big race at Aintree.
Gary Mabbutt has spoken for the first time about how he was left with a 30inch scar on his left leg after his diabetes caused an artery to be clogged. The 53-year-old was rushed to hospital after waking up at 1am. Doctors warned him it was 'touch and go' whether his leg would have to be amputated. Surgeons were required to replace the main artery in his left leg with a vein and needed 112 staples to seal the horrific wound. Mabbutt will not be able to play football again, leaving his dream of becoming a manager in tatters.
Matt Phillips put Queens Park Rangers into a seventh-minute lead with his first Premier League goal. Christian Benteke equalised for Aston Villa just three minutes later, sweeping beyond Rob Green. Chint Hill scored his first ever Premier League goal just after half-time to make it 2-2. Charlie Austin completed the scoring for the visitors in the 78th minute.
Rio Ferdinand joined Queens Park Rangers from Manchester United last summer. Harry Redknapp described Ferdinand as a'remarkable coup' for the club. But the 36-year-old has been unable to hold down his spot in the side. Ferdinand has played just five times since the start of October.
Chelsea striker Didier Drogba was spotted on his mobile phone in London. The 37-year-old took a stroll in the capital on Tuesday afternoon. Drogba featured in Chelsea's 2-1 win over Stoke on Saturday.
Crystal Palace beat Manchester City 2-1 at Selhurst Park on Sunday. Steve Parish posed for a picture with Roy Hodgson and Bill Wyman. Wyman is one of the original members of The Rolling Stones.
Matt Phillips has seven assists for QPR in all competitions this year. The winger is second in the list behind Barcelona's Lionel Messi. Former Blackpool man is level with Wolfsburg's Kevin de Bruyne. Marseille's Dimitri Payet and Napoli's Marek Hamsik also in top five.
Jack Wilshere came through the 4-1 win over Stoke City unscathed. The England midfielder is pushing for a return to Arsene Wenger’s first team before the end of the season. Mikel Arteta and Abou Diaby, recovering from ankle and calf injuries respectively, also featured in the Under 21 Premier League fixture. Alex Iwobi stole the show with a hat-trick for Arsenal at the Emirates.
Franck Ribery worked under Louis van Gaal at Bayern Munich. The Frenchman claims the Dutchman is a 'bad man' who loses players' trust. Ribery says Real Madrid tried to sign him in 2009.
Arsenal were top of the Premier League at the beginning of the 2013/14 season. Arsene Wenger's side were criticised after throwing away the title. The Gunners finished in fourth place and have the same record at this stage. Arsenal beat Liverpool 4-1 on Saturday but still have the same record.
Christian Benteke scored a hat-trick as Aston Villa salvaged a 3-3 draw against QPR on Tuesday night. Tim Sherwood's side are three points above the relegation zone with six games to play. Former Tottenham boss gave QPR boss Chris Ramsey a hug before kick-off.
Bubba Watson is chasing a third green jacket at Augusta this week. The American got double the number of responses (22.6 per cent) of second-place finisher Patrick Reed (11 per cent) Watson admitted he had been involved in'some mess ups' on Tour but said he did not dislike any of his professional peers.
Tim Sherwood and Chris Ramsey may become a united force again in seasons to come. Sherwood and Ramsey’s relationship was forged over four years at Tottenham. QPR drew 3-3 with Aston Villa at Villa Park on Tuesday night.
Zak Hardaker was at the centre of a police assault probe into an attack on a 22-year-old man at student flats in Leeds. Hardaker and team-mate Elliot Minchella both paid £200 in compensation and wrote a letter of apology to a 22-year-old man following a police investigation. Leeds said Hardaker's punishment is far stronger 'given his previous misconduct' Rob Mulhern, Josh Walters and Ash Handley were fined and issued verbal warnings.
McLaren and Honda made significant progress a fortnight later in Malaysia. Both Button and team-mate Fernando Alonso retired during the race at the Sepang International Circuit. Button is hoping further steps have been taken going into this weekend's race in Shanghai.
Aston Villa drew 3-3 with QPR at Villa Park on Tuesday night. Christian Benteke scored a hat-trick to rescue a point for the home side. Boyhood Villa fan Stan Collymore was pictured leaping out of his seat.
Remains of Jonathan Camilien, 26, including a torso and limbs, were found in a duffel bag near the campus of Massachusetts Institute of Technology on Saturday. His head was found in Carlos Colina's building across the street. Colina has pleaded not guilty to aggravated assault and battery and improper disposal of a human body. A witness said Colina had intimidated other gym users and even fought them before being thrown out of the gym in November.
Liverpool face Blackburn in the FA Cup Sixth Round at Ewood Park. The Reds have not won a trophy since beating Cardiff in 2011. A top-four place is virtually gone if they don't win the FA Cup. Brendan Rodgers is under pressure after a disappointing season. The need for trophies has been a dominant theme since Rodgers took over.
Jack Wilshere has been linked with a £30million move to Manchester City. The 23-year-old hasn't played for Arsenal since November. Wilshere is out of contract at the end of the season. Click here for more Arsenal transfer news.
Manchester derby is one of the biggest in world football. Millions across the globe cram around TV screens to catch a glimpse. But just how Manchester is the clash between City and United? Sportsmail takes a look at everything local between the two giants.
Youssouf Mulumbu has cast his vote for the PFA Player of the Year awards. The West Brom midfielder has picked Harry Kane for the top prize. Mulumbu has also picked Chelsea wideman Eden Hazard for young player of the year.
The image was taken at Sebastian Inlet State Park near Vero Beach by John Bailey. Bailey said the bobcat collected the shark after entering the water. A spokesman for the Florida Fish and Wildlife Conservation Commission has said she believes the image is genuine.
Supposed leaked images of Manchester United's kit for next season have been online. United signed a £750million deal with adidas to make their kits for 10 years starting from the 2015-16 campaign. The German brand follow Nike who had been supplying United for 13 years ith the 20-times English champions.
Monaco's Geoffrey Kondogbia has been linked with a move to Liverpool. The 22-year-old has also attracted interest from Arsenal in the past. The French midfielder is 6'2" and can play as a playmaker or centre half. He was a key player for France at the Under 20 World Cup in 2013.
England lost eight full series out of all across the formats in 2014. Only once had this been surpassed in a calendar year by one of the eight major teams – the 2010 dysfunctional Pakistanis. ECB sacked Alastair Cook as one-day captain on the drink of what turned out to be the most disastrous World Cup in England's history.
Tyrone Mings posted a text message conversation with his mother. She thanked him for wiping 'all my debt away for the first time ever' Mings replied: 'Aww mumma you deserve every penny. Thankyou for all the years of hard work'
Louis van Gaal believes Manchester United will hit the ground running in their attempt to win the Barclays Premier League next season. United have turned down offers from Asia and Australia and are about to sign off a visit to America – in all likelihood to the west coast. The trip will last in the region of 12 days – a whole week shorter than last summer - and will be over by August 1.
Stuart Broad required ice treatment after dramatically slipping. The England bowler was left clutching his left ankle after the fall. England are taking on a Saint Kitts and Nevis Invitational XI.
Christian Benteke scored a hat-trick for Aston Villa against QPR on Tuesday. Belgium are third most prolific Premier League team with 46 goals. Spain are second with 67 goals scored by players with Spanish nationality. England top the list with 255 goals scored by 81 different players.
Pep Guardiola's contract at Bayern Munich expires in the summer of 2016. Board member Jan-Christian Dreesen says Guardiola is not trying to earn as much money as possible. Bayern are currently 10 points clear at the top of the Bundesliga.
Everton captain Phil Jagielka visited Chaophraya restaurant in Liverpool. The Toffees have been sponsored by Thai beverage Chang Beer for over 11 years. Jagielka scored the winner against Southampton on Saturday.
FC Chernomorets Odessa are struggling financially due to a lack of funding and sponsorship. The club could face relegation and disqualification from UEFA competitions if they fail to settle their outstanding money owed. The club's general manager Sergey Kernitskiy says the houses are valued at around £67,000.
Robin van Persie has missed Manchester United's last six games. The striker suffered an ankle injury against Swansea on February 21. Van Persie has scored just 10 goals for United this season.
Ander Herrera posted a picture on his Instagram with Juan Mata. The pair have both bagged braces in Manchester United's last two games. Mata scored a stunning volley against Liverpool in May. Herrera followed that up with a brace against Aston Villa on Saturday.
Cesc Fabregas will wear a special protective face mask for Chelsea. The Spaniard broke his nose during Chelsea's win over Stoke City. The mask was made by the Ortholabsport, an orthopedic centre in Milan. Former Chelsea players Fernando Torres, Petr Cech and Demba Ba all wore masks during their time at Stamford Bridge.
Lazio beat Napoli 1-0 to progress to the Coppa Italia final. Substitute Senad Lulic scored the winner in the 79th minute. The result piles the pressure on under-fire Napoli boss Rafa Benitez.
Cristiano Ronaldo scored the 300th goal of his Real Madrid career to move Madrid within four points of great rivals Barcelona. Portugal forward netted in the 68th minute to move Madrid within four points of their great rivals. Ronaldo joined the 300 club in just 288 appearances with this header against Rayo Vallecano on Wednesday night.
Harry Dowd played 181 games in nine years for Manchester City. Dowd was part of the side who won the FA Cup at Wembley in 1969. Dowd was a talented stopper who continued working as a plumber.
Newcastle fans are planning to boycott the club's next home game against Tottenham on Sunday, April 19. A social media campaign has been launched for the match, which will be shown live on Sky Sports. Fans who don't want to turn their back on the players have been encouraged to take part in demonstrations held both before and after the game.
Vincent Kompany and Gael Clichy were among those at unveiling the mural. The 64metre design covers the south edge of the club's Academy Stadium. Manchester-based artists groups Outhouse used the pictures to design the mural.
Liverpool beat Blackburn 1-0 in their FA Cup quarter-final replay. Philippe Coutinho's second-half strike settled the tie. Blackburn goalkeeper Simon Eastwood almost scored a last-gasp equaliser.
Liverpool beat Blackburn Rovers 1-0 in the FA Cup quarter-final. Philippe Coutinho scored the only goal of the game at Ewood Park. Steven Gerrard could feature in the FA Cup final on his 35th birthday.
Ernest Goult will stand trial for allegedly making a racist gesture. The pensioner is accused of making the gesture at a football match. Blackburn players Markus Olsson, Rudy Gestede and Lee Williamson are expected to give evidence at the trial. Teesside Magistrates' Court heard a police officer would also be giving evidence.
Restaurant owner let man into eatery when he asked to use toilet. He then tried to grab her but she overpowered him with her self-defence. She pinned him to the floor and put her hands around his throat. He then tried to attack her again but she knocked him down outside.
Paul Downton paid the price for England's dismal World Cup showing. Downton was fired by new ECB chief executive Tom Harrison. Michael Vaughan and Andrew Strauss are both thought to be contenders.
Jack Nicklaus hit a hole in one on the 130-yard fourth at Augusta National. Golden Bear was playing in Par-3 Contest alongside Gary Player and Ben Crenshaw. Nicklaus is one of five men to complete the career grand slam.
Philippe Coutinho scored the only goal as Liverpool beat Blackburn. Jordan Henderson had not slept the night before the game. The Liverpool captain's partner gave birth to their second daughter.
Liverpool beat Blackburn Rovers 1-0 in FA Cup sixth round replay. Philippe Coutinho scored the winner after 161 goalless minutes. Blackburn goalkeeper Simon Eastwood was denied in stoppage time.
Phillippe Coutinho scored Liverpool's winner against Blackburn. Brendan Rodgers' side into FA Cup semi-finals after 1-0 victory. Jordan Henderson and Emre Can also impressed at Ewood Park. CLICK HERE for all the latest Liverpool news.
Mamadou Sakho limped off early on in Liverpool's 1-0 FA Cup sixth round replay win over Blackburn Rovers. The French defender was limping heavily and clutching his hamstring after a clearance on the edge of his own penalty area. Sakho was replaced by Kolo Toure, who partnered Dejan Lovren in a threadbare four-man defence with Emre Can and Martin Skrtel already unavailable.
Hector Bellerin set a new Arsenal record over 40 metres in August. Theo Walcott had previously held the record, but Bellerin shaved one hundredth of a second off his time. Theo Walcott is determined to reclaim his title from Bellerin this summer.
Real Madrid manager Carlo Ancelotti plans to appeal the yellow card shown to Cristiano Ronaldo. Ronaldo appeared to be unfairly cautioned by referee Mario Melero Lopez after he was chopped down by defender Antonio Amaya inside the box. Decision means Ronaldo is suspended for the game against Eibar in La Liga on Saturday.
Bayern Munich beat Bayer Leverkusen on penalties in the German Cup. Thiago Alcantara kicked Stefan Kiessling in the chest as he challenged for the ball. The incident went unpunished and Thiago converted his spot kick. Bayern goalkeeper Manuel Neuer saved Josip Drmic's effort.
The Canal and River Trust in Bath are carrying out the dredging operation on the banks of the River Avon. They have so far recovered 150 shopping trolleys as well as several mopeds and cars. The operation is costing £20,000 and was ordered by the Environment Agency after the objects were identified during a recent survey.
Celtic maintained their seven-point lead at the top of the Scottish Premiership with a 2-0 win over 10-man Partick Thistle. Kris Commons opened the scoring from the penalty spot after Stuart Armstrong was brought down by Thistle midfielder James Craigen. Stefan Johansen doubled Celtic's advantage in the 63rd minute.
Delonte' Martistee, 22, of Georgia and Ryan Austin Calhoun, 23, of Alabama were charged on Friday with sexual battery by multiple perpetrators. Alleged victim told deputies she thought she had been drugged before the incident and that she was afraid to report it because she could not remember many details. Martistee of Bainbridge, Georgia is a promising track star at Troy University according to officials, but he has since been removed from the team.
Italian media claimed Nina Moric tried to take her own life over the weekend. The 38-year-old model was found by her mother in her apartment in Milan. Ms Moric took to Instagram to deny the claims and say she is recovering at home. The Croatian-born model appeared in the video for Ricky Martin's La Vida Loco.
The tiger was chasing a bird at the Hengdaohezi Siberian Tiger Park in Northeast China. As it tried to catch the bird, it lost its footing on the icy surface and fell backwards. The moment was captured on camera by photographer Libby Zhang.
Manchester City beat Leicester City 2-1 to reach the Youth Cup final. Isaac Buckley and Brandon Barker scored late goals to seal victory. City will face Chelsea in a repeat of their last final seven years ago.
Fabio Capello claims England would be stronger without John Terry. Terry was stripped of England captaincy after being charged with racially abusing Anton Ferdinand during a Chelsea match against QPR in October 2011. Italian was in charge of the national side when Terry was accused of racially abusing Anton Ferdinand. Terry was cleared of racially abusing Ferdinand in a criminal hearing at Westminster Magistrates Court but retired from international football in September 2012.
The Storm Prediction Center upgraded to its second-highest advisory level - a moderate risk - Wednesday. Fewer than 1 million people were in Wednesday's'moderate risk' area between Wichita, Kansas, and Jefferson City, Missouri. But 34 million were under at least a slight risk of seeing damaging winds, large hail and possibly a tornado.
Burnell 'Bernie' Mitchell arrested on suspicion of conspiracy to murder. The 61-year-old also arrested on suspicion of preparing and instigating acts of terrorism. His sister is Liz Mitchell, lead singer of the 1970s band Boney M. Syrian-born Abdul Hadi Arwani, 48, was found dead in his car last week. A man, 36, has been charged with his murder and a woman, 53, has been arrested on suspicion of terrorism offences.
Jordan Morris and Juan Agudelo scored in the second half. Morris thought to be the first university student to make the US side in at least two decades. USMNT have beaten Mexico by 2-0 in four straight home World Cup qualifiers.
Bob Shannon helped prepare Hatton for his comeback fight against Vyacheslav Senchenko in November 2012. Manchester-based trainer’s stable includes Hatton’s brother, Matthew, the European welterweight champion, and fighters who have won British and European titles. Shannon’s charge came after a report a girl had been sexually assaulted last June.
Alain Robert climbed Dubai's 1,007ft Cayan Tower with nothing more than sticky tape and chalk. The 52-year-old free-climber scaled the 75-storey tower that has a twist of 90 degrees. Robert has previously been arrested, imprisoned and banned from locations across the world.
Author Martin Fletcher has revealed a series of other blazes at businesses owned by or associated with the club's chairman at the time of the tragedy in 1985. Mr Fletcher lost three generations of his family in the tragedy, including his 11-year-old brother Andrew, the fire's youngest victim. He is the only survivor to publicly challenge the official inquiry, which took place three weeks after the fire. West Yorkshire Police said the force would consider any new evidence about the blaze, which also injured 265 people.
Luke Shaw says Ashley Young is the joker in the Manchester United dressing room. He says the players still laugh at the time he got bird poo in his mouth. Shaw also says David de Gea is the 'nicest guy in football'
Man in his 70s shot his daughter's boyfriend and a police officer last night. He then barricaded himself into his home in Zaragoza, north-east Spain. After a night of failed negotiations, the man opened fire on police. He yelled 'enter if you have the balls' before an intense firefight ensued.
Andre Ayew is out of contract with Marseille at the end of the season. The Ghana international will be a free agent and is keen on a move to England. Everton, Newcastle and Swansea have all shown interest. Wolfsburg, Borussia Dortmund and Napoli are also keen to speak to him.
Ri Sol-Ju seen with her husband, Kim Jong-un, at a celebratory football match. The match was being held to mark the birthday of Kim Il-Sung, the leader's grandfather. Ri has been out of the spotlight since December for unknown reasons. Their marriage was only revealed in 2012 when pictures emerged of a young woman accompanying Kim at official events.
Jurgen Klopp will leave Borussia Dortmund at the end of the season. Mats Hummels has been linked with a move to Manchester United. Ilkay Gundogan has been linked with a number of Premier League clubs. Ciro Immobile has struggled to fill Robert Lewandowski's boots.
Framed squad photographs of Sir Bobby Robson's title-chasing side were found in a skip outside St James' Park. They were discarded alongside grass cuttings, cardboard boxes and bin bags. Robson's team finished fourth in 2002 and qualified for the Champions League.
FA chairman Greg Dyke could axe the England C team to save money. The team has operated under different names since it was formed in 1979. Manager Paul Fairclough selects non-league players aged under 23. George Boyd, Craig Mackail-Smith and Steve Morison all played for the team.
The banyan tree in Guangxi province does not stand on a single trunk, but a whole web of roots. It has captured the attention of locals, who say they have watched the whole thing sway in the wind.
Lyon beat Bastia 2-0 to go top of Ligue 1 on Wednesday night. Substitute Mohamed Yattara opened the scoring in the 77th minute. Alexandre Lacazette doubled the lead eight minutes later.
Andrew Odell tweeted a picture of the rodent inside the loaf of bread. Said it was the first and last time he had been to the store in Milton Keynes. His wife Claire, who is heavily pregnant, said they were 'extremely upset' Aldi said it was investigating the grim discovery 'as a matter of urgency'
Joss Labadie was last month charged with violent conduct by the FA. The 24-year-old was accused of biting Stevenage defender Ronnie Henry. Labadie was banned for 10 matches and fined £2,000 for biting Chesterfield's Ollie Banks while playing for Torquay.
Suma, one of Melbourne Zoo's aging orangutans, suffers from arthritis. She was first diagnosed with the condition in 2013 where she was initially given daily medication to help relieve the pain. But on Thursday, amazing photographs were captured of the primate's thorough health examination by surgeons.
The FA have formed a concussion experts panel to help make the game safer. The panel of eight medical professionals will advise the FA on what can be done to make the game safer. Head injuries have been under greater scrutiny since Hugo Lloris refused to be substituted following a clash with Romelu Lukaku in 2013.
Paul McGowan was handed his third conviction for assaulting a police officer. The 27-year-old has been placed on a 16-week restriction of liberty order which confines him to home between the hours of 7pm and 7am. Dundee vowed to support their player through his problems saying: 'The club does not condone the behaviour which has led to this'
Bristol City clinched promotion to the Championship on Tuesday night. They became the first team in the Football League to do so in style. Aden Flint has scored 11 goals this season, including the winner in the Johnstone's Paint Trophy final against Walsall.
Barcelona are in France ahead of their Champions League quarter-final match against Paris Saint-Germain. Luis Suarez, Lionel Messi and Neymar have a special relationship, according to Gerard Pique. Barcelona's front three have a combined 88 goals between them in all competitions this season.
Police have released photos of 13 people they want to speak to in relation to the incident at ANZ Stadium on April 3. A touch judge suffered a broken shoulder when he slipped as he tried to dodge bottles being thrown by Canterbury fans. Referees had penalised Bulldogs captain James Graham in the final minute of the game, which allowed South Sydney to seal a 18-17 victory. Canterbury coach Des Hasler has apologised on behalf of his club over the actions of some fans after objects were thrown.
Daniel Agger accused of elbowing FC Copenhagen's Mattias Jorgensen. The incident in the goalless draw was not seen by match officials. Denmark's Football Association will investigate the incident.
Ian Drinnan claimed his arthritis caused him almost constant pain. The 58-year-old was filmed looking sprightly as he put up goalposts. He was watched and was on his feet for three or four hours at a time. Blackpool magistrates heard he was claiming £3,500 in disability benefits.
Lavall Hall, 25, was shot dead by Miami Gardens police on February 15. Footage from within a police car shows Hall running from officers. The video appears to show him trying to escape before he was fatally shot. Hall was released from a mental hospital just one week before the shooting. His family have now filed a wrongful death lawsuit against the city.
Terry Richardson is one of the most famous and controversial photographers in the fashion industry. Known as much for his racy - often pornographic - photo shoots as he is for the sexual assault allegations that have been made against him. This week he faced accusations from the model Kate Upton that he had released footage of her dancing in a bikini without her permission.
Shaqueel van Persie scored with a'scorpion kick' in his back garden. The seven-year-old has trained with both Manchester clubs. Robin van Persie Snr posted the video on his Instagram account.
Lewis Hamilton is yet to sign a new contract with Mercedes. The reigning world champion says the issue is 'a pain in the backside' Hamilton claimed his new deal was '99.6 per cent done' after the Malaysian Grand Prix. The 30-year-old is favourite to return to the top step of the podium in China.
YouTube user Serpentor filmed his feline friend in action. Footage shows the tabby producing a range of unusual gurgling noises. When her back is rubbed, she lets out a string of gobbledygook sounds.
The quake with a depth of about five miles happened just before 9pm. It was centered about four miles north of San Fernando near Interstate 210. The jolt was felt widely in the San Fernando Valley and parts of northern Los Angeles County.
Matej Vydra scored a stunning volley to put Watford into the lead. Adlene Guedioura doubled the Hornets' advantage shortly after the break. Millwall's hopes of avoiding relegation are all but over.
Quinn Patrick was on a fishing trip with his dad at Snow Lake, Indiana. The pair caught a Bowfin lying lifeless on a concrete dock. Bowfin propels itself from the ground and slaps the youngster in the face.
The Curl-crested Jay is native to South America and lives in Brazil. Videoed behind a fence, the bird makes a sinister noise before creating an almost digital sound. Following this the bird makes a noise that sounds like running water. Bird is one example of species that have learned to incorporate peculiar everyday sounds into their song.
England were all out for 399 on the second morning of the first Test. Ben Stokes was England's first wicket to fall after facing 22 deliveries. Stuart Broad was England's ninth wicket to fall before Anderson fell for 20 with the score on 399. West Indies finished on 155 for four having had the better of the second day.
Joao Teixeira has been ruled out for the rest of the season. The 22-year-old sustained the injury during Brighton's draw with Huddersfield. Brighton boss Chris Hughton has said it is a'real blow' to lose Teixeira.
Jason Denayer is on loan at Celtic from Manchester City. The 19-year-old defender is wanted back by his parent club for pre-season. Celtic boss Ronny Deila has confirmed that Denayer will miss the Champions League qualifiers.
The listing on eBay claimed that it was selling Hernandez's Suffolk County jail ID card. The starting price for the card was $500, though there were no bids on the item when the auction was removed from the site on Saturday. Hernandez is currently in prison during his trial for the June 2013 shooting death of Odin Lloyd.
Mats Hummels has been linked with a £30million move to Manchester United. The 26-year-old has two years left on his contract at Borussia Dortmund. Hummels sat out Dortmund's 3-2 defeat of Hoffenheim in the German Cup.
Bayern Munich beat Borussia Dortmund 1-0 at the Westfalenstadion. Robert Lewandowski scored the only goal of the game in the first half. Jurgen Klopp says his side lacked punch and deserved to lose. Dortmund captain Mats Hummels disagrees with his coach.
The 11-year-old boy with autism is seen drawing the intricate map of the world from scratch. A professor in New York invited her 11-year-old autistic son to one of her classes, during which he drew the world map from memory.
Borussia Dortmund beat Hoffenheim 3-2 in extra time in the German Cup. Sebastian Kehl scored the winning goal in the 107th minute. Ricardo Rodriguez scored a second-half penalty for Wolfsburg.
John Terry made the short trip across London to face QPR. Loftus Road was the place where he racially abused Anton Ferdinand. Terry was given a hostile reception, but played well for Chelsea.
Chelsea travel to Loftus Road to face Queens Park Rangers on Sunday. It marks the club's 700th game under the ownership of Roman Abramovich. Jose Mourinho believes the next 700 will see Chelsea supply more players for the English national team as they implement FFP rules.
Leah Williamson scored from the penalty spot during England's 3-1 victory against Switzerland on Thursday. Williamson thought she had equalised after slotting the ball into the bottom-right corner. But German referee Marija Kurtes wrongly disallowed the goal. Instead of ordering it to be retaken, Kurtes awarded an indirect free-kick. The match will be restarted at 9:45pm at Seaview stadium in Belfast.
The Midwest is bracing itself for worse to come after a monster storm impacted a 1,500-mile arc with 10 reported tornadoes, grapefruit-sized hail and winds of up to 80 mph on Wednesday. The storm system stretches from Texas up to the Great Lakes and down to North Carolina. Thursday's worst weather is predicted in an area that includes Chicago, Detroit and St. Louis, as well as Memphis, Tennessee, and Little Rock, Arkansas.
Mockumentary W1A shows bosses holding an emergency meeting after Clarkson uses the word ‘tosser’ on Top Gear. The episode was apparently filmed last July, but the narration has recently been tweaked.
Footage shows Kim Jong-Un inspecting a weapons factory in Pyongyang. He smiles and waves, with his right hand wrist wrapped in a white bandage. South Korean official says he must have suffered the injury in the past. But doctors who have examined the photos say it is unlikely he has fractured it.
Manchester United face Chelsea at Stamford Bridge on Saturday. Louis van Gaal's side are third in the Premier League table. United have beaten Liverpool, Manchester City and Tottenham in recent weeks.
The first year students at Washington University were practising at Creve Coeur Lake in Missouri when the Asian Carp decided to strike. The St. Louis freshman men’s crew were captured on video rowing under a bridge by filmmaker Benjamin Rosenbaum. The filmmaker lets out a laugh as the ripples can be seen rippling in the water and fish can be seen leaping from the water.
Goska spent time volunteering at Criadouro Ona Pintada in Brazil. She has mixed with a number of exotic animals while there. One-year-old rescued jaguar, Perseu was captured on video being bottle-fed.
Siem de Jong played 45 minutes for Newcastle Under 21s on Wednesday. The 26-year-old made his comeback from a collapsed lung. Newcastle lost 2-0 to Derby County at St James' Park.
Klein said that a staffer 'accidentally tweeted a link from her personal phone' with a link to Google Image results for 'Susan Del Percio Hot' The tweet included a series of seemingly random characters followed by a Google search for images of the strategist. Del Percio, a member of Rudy Giuliani's administration, said that the post was a'silly mistake'
Jack Colback says the Newcastle United fans deserve more. The 25-year-old was part of another lacklustre display against Liverpool. The Magpies have lost five in a row and have scored just one goal in eight hours.
Graeme McDowell carded a final round of 73 on Sunday to finish six over par at the Masters. The former US Open champion is now a combined 24 over for his eight appearances in the year's first major championship. McDowell's score could have been even worse after he was initially given a one-shot penalty for moving his marker.
One Direction singer Niall Horan caddied for Rory McIlroy at the Masters. Horan fell over while carrying McIlroy's clubs on the course. The pair will reunite on stage in Boston at the end of the summer.
Yan Tai weighed just over seven stone when she began dating You Pan. But two years on and the pretty 20-year-old has ballooned to over 14 stone 2lbs.
Andy Lee retains WBO middleweight title after draw with Peter Quillin. Quillin failed to make the required 160lbs weight on Friday night. Lee threw more punches (299-267) and connected with greater frequency (113-103) It was the first time the reigning champion had gone the distance. Billy Joe Saunders is the mandatory challenger for Lee's belt.
Jermain Defoe scored the winner for Sunderland against Newcastle on Sunday. The striker was introduced to the crowd at a WWE event in Newcastle. The response he received was full of boos from the crowd.
Moussa Sissoko was sent off for reckless challenge on Lucas Leiva. Liverpool went on to win 2-0 at Anfield on Monday night. Newcastle boss John Carver says club will discipline Sissoko.
Martin Montoya scored a lofted pass straight into a basketball hoop. The 23-year-old defender was applauded by his team-mates. Barcelona are four points clear at the top of the La Liga table.
Jose Mourinho believes he is improving in every aspect of his job. The Chelsea boss says his problem is that he cannot help but be truthful when he addresses the media. Mourinho was fined £25,000 earlier this season after claiming there was a clear campaign against his side.
Kevin Pietersen took part in a Surrey team photo at the KIA Oval. The batsman looked in deep thought as he joked with photographers. Pietersen is hoping to force his way back into the England set-up. Paul Downton's sacking on Wednesday paved the way for Pietersen's return.
Pensioner drove a red Peugeot towards Southend - but on London-bound track. The dual carriageway was shut for an hour on Monday afternoon. Some cars were forced into central barrier and one man needed treatment.
Jose Mourinho believes the Ballon d'Or should be scrapped. Real Madrid superstar Cristiano Ronaldo is the current holder of the trophy. The award is voted for by national team managers and captains.
Tiger Woods struggled to get under par during the first round of the Masters. The world No 111 is playing in his first tournament since a back injury derailed his 2014 season. Woods' short game has been criticised in recent weeks.
Arsenal are in advanced talks with Velez Sarsfield over signing Maxi Romero. The 16-year-old has been compared to Lionel Messi. Chief negotiator Dick Law has flown to Argentina to rubber-stamp deal.
Rory McIlroy is seeking to become just the sixth player in history to win all four major titles. The world No 1 recovered from a poor start to card a one-under-par 71. McIlroy has recorded a score of 77 or worse on each of his past five appearances at Augusta.
Jose Mourinho and Sir Alex Ferguson formed a firm friendship. The pair met in the Champions League in 2004 when Mourinho's Porto beat Fergie's Manchester United. Mourinho said he learned respect from the legendary manager. The Chelsea boss also revealed he has no close friends in English football.
The Masters got underway on Thursday with Rory McIlroy bidding to complete a career grand slam. Tiger Woods is looking to rediscover his magic at Augusta National. But who are the wives and girlfriends that will be cheering the players on? Here, Sportsmail brings you the lowdown on a selection of The Masters WAGS.
Liverpool stars enjoyed an early Ladies Day at the Grand National Meeting. Brad Jones, Glen Johnson and Fabio Borini were joined by their wives. The day began with the richest run of the day, the Doom Bar Aitree Hurdle.
Paul Downton was sacked as the England and Wales Cricket Board's managing director of cricket on Wednesday. Michael Vaughan has emerged as the favourite for the newly created role of director of England cricket. Andrew Strauss and Alec Stewart are also in the frame for the role.
Ken Doherty beat Reanne Evans 10-8 in their world championship qualifying match at Ponds Forge in Sheffield. Evans led twice during the opening session before Doherty went 5-4 in front. The 29-year-old had her dream of playing at the Crucible extinguished in the final frame.
Danny Welbeck scored the winner as Arsenal beat Manchester United in the FA Cup on March 9. A 15-year-old boy has now been cautioned after posting a racist tweet. The tweet read: 'Welbeck is dead to me, the f****** c***'
Leah Williamson scored a 96th-minute penalty to earn England a 2-2 draw against Norway. But German referee Marija Kurtes disallowed Williamson's spot-kick. Instead of ordering her back to the spot, Kurtes awarded a free-kick. The game was re-run and lasted 65.18 seconds. Williamson said: 'They were the longest 24 hours of my life, I hadn't slept'
Manchester City face Manchester United at Old Trafford on Sunday. City are one point behind United in the Premier League table. But Sergio Aguero insists champions can retain the title. City have won the last four derbies against United.
Amelie Mauresmo is expecting her baby in August. Mauresmo was appointed as Andy Murray’s coach in June 2014. The news is likely to overshadow Murray's wedding on Saturday.
The world boxing champion was introduced to the crowd in Sheffield. Dave Chisnall won both of his games to move onto 17 points in second. Michael van Gerwen maintained his place at the top of the table with 7-5 win. Phil Taylor suffered his fourth defeat in five as he was beaten by Raymond van Barneveld.
Aljaz Bedene defeated Arthur De Greef 6-2, 6-3 in just 70 minutes. The world No 99 switched allegiance from Slovenia to Britain last month. London-based Bedene, 25, will now face third seed Jiri Vesely.
Alex Oxlade-Chamberlain has suffered a setback in his bid to return from a hamstring strain. Arsene Wenger has revealed the attacking midfielder has suffered a setback in his bid to return to fitness. The 21-year-old should play again this season, but the fear is that the problem could recur.
Rob Green embarrassed by ball boy during QPR's 3-3 draw with Aston Villa. Youngster slips over while retrieving the ball and nutmegs Green. Christian Benteke scored a hat-trick for Villa to move them clear of relegation.
Justin Rose and Ernie Els both carded five-under-par 67s. Jordan Spieth is the youngest first-round leader in Masters history. Rory McIlroy and defending champion Bubba Watson shot 71. Dustin Johnson and Masters specialist Phil Mickelson opened with rounds of 70.
Jenson Button crashed into the back of Pastor Maldonado on lap 49 of the Chinese Grand Prix. Maldonado, who earlier in the race missed the entry to the pit-lane, was sent into a spin, while Button sustained damage to his front wing. While Button limped to finish 13th, Maldonado retired following rear-end damage sustained in the crash.
Philippe Saint-Andre has failed to impose himself as France coach. He has won just 15 of his 37 games in charge of Les Bleus. Saint-Andre will remain in charge until after the World Cup in England.
Nico Rosberg will start behind pole-sitter Lewis Hamilton in China. The German was only four hundredths of a second behind his Mercedes team-mate. Sebastian Vettel will start third, nearly a second adrift of Hamilton.
Leicester boss Richard Cockerill believes the Premiership title race will go to the wire. Northampton are clear at the top, but Leicester, Saracens, Bath, Leicester and Exeter all bunched up behind Saints. The 22-game Premiership campaign concludes on May 16, with play-offs a week later.
Jason Gillespie has signed a two-year deal with the Adelaide Strikers. The Yorkshire coach will combine the role with his Yorkshire duties. Gillespie played 97 one-day internationals for Australia.
Sean Maitland is set to leave Glasgow Warriors to join London Irish. The Scotland winger is facing a race against time to be fit for the World Cup. Maitland has won 15 caps for his country.
England's premier bowler Jimmy Anderson could only take one wicket. Anderson is two wickets away from Sir Ian Botham's record of 383 Test wickets. Chris Jordan took a stunning catch to dismiss Kraigg Brathwaite.
England were all out for 399 on day two of the third Test against West Indies. Chris Jordan and Justin Holder shared nine runs from 27 balls. Shiv Chanderpaul's Test career has now lasted 21 years and 28 days. Kevin Pietersen suffered an injury scare during Surrey's match against Oxford MCCU.
Ben Stokes thought he had Jermaine Blackwood caught by Alastair Cook. But the Durham all-rounder's front foot had crossed the line. Michael Vaughan thinks he should return to his natural style of bowling.
Karen Sharpe, the mother of North Charleston Police Officer Michael Slager, defended her son in an interview. This as she also expressed her sympathy for Walter Scott's family, the man her son shot dead. Sharpe said she has not watched the video of the shooting or read any news reports or watched any news coverage of the incident.
Jonathan Trott out for a duck on return to Test side in Antigua. Alastair Cook caught behind for 11 as England struggle on first morning. Michael Vaughan criticised England's top order for just looking to survive.
Everton drew 1-1 away at Swansea in the Premier League on Saturday. Seamus Coleman was adjudged to have handled the ball by Michael Oliver. Jonjo Shelvey made no mistake from the spot to equalise. Roberto Martinez felt Coleman should have been awarded a free-kick.
Newcastle announced record profits last month of £18.7m for 2013/14 season. But club's full accounts show £38.6m was transferred into Newcastle's bank account as a cash-flow turnover sum - paying off a £4.5m overdraft and leaving £34.1m available. Revelation has infuriated Newcastle fans who claim owner Mike Ashley has little ambition beyond remaining in the top flight. A protest, backed by the Newcastle United Supporters' Trust, is planned for Sunday with fans being urged to boycott the home match against Tottenham.
Chelsea beat Queens Park Rangers 1-0 in their Premier League clash. Cesc Fabregas scored the winner in the 88th minute at Loftus Road. Blues defender Branislav Ivanovic was hit on the head by a lighter thrown by a fan. Football Association will wait for referee Andre Marriner's report before deciding whether to launch an investigation into crowd control.
Harry Panayiotou has won the Barclays Premier League Player of the Month award for March. The 20-year-old scored three goals for Leicester City in the month. Panayiotou also netted a hat-trick for St Kitts and Nevis on international duty.
Rangers dropped two points at Livingston in the Scottish Championship. Marius Zaliukas and Myles Hippolyte scored for the visitors. Stuart McCall wants his side to bounce back at Dumbarton on Saturday.
West Brom are commemorating the launch of the Jeff Astle Foundation. The Baggies are wearing a replica of their 1968 FA Cup winning kit. Astle died of chronic traumatic encephalopathy in 2002 at the age of 59.
Diafra Sakho limps off during West Ham's 1-1 draw against Stoke. The striker was sent for scans on Monday amid fears he may have a minor tear. West Ham are ninth in the Premier League with 43 points.
Chelsea beat Queens Park Rangers 1-0 at Loftus Road. Cesc Fabregas scored the winner in the 87th minute. Thibaut Courtois was man of the match after a string of saves.
Shane Ferguson has not played for Newcastle since October. The 23-year-old's knee injury had been expected to keep him out for the season. Ferguson was one of five Newcastle players sent north on loan to Rangers.
Newcastle owner Mike Ashley is a divisive figure north and south of the border. The Ibrox board last week launched a probe into claims Ashley’s firm had taken ownership of intellectual property, including the club’s famous crests. However, they are satisfied the position stems solely from the security attached to the loan from Sports Direct, accepted by the former regime in January.
Craig Dawson set to return for West Brom after serving one-match ban. Youssouf Mulumbu starts a three-game ban against Leicester City. Matthew Upson and Dean Hammond available for Leicester City.
Shane Ferguson has been out injured since joining Rangers on loan. But Stuart McCall is hopeful he can make his Gers debut. The 23-year-old is back in training after a knee injury.
Real Madrid returned to training on Wednesday after their 0-0 draw with Atletico. Cristiano Ronaldo, Gareth Bale and James Rodriguez were rested. Isco, Alvaro Arbeloa and Pepe were present at the Valdebebas complex.
Arsenal beat Burnley 1-0 at Turf Moor in the Premier League on Saturday. Aaron Ramsey scored the only goal of the game for the Gunners. Arsene Wenger has said he hopes Burnley escape relegation.
Chelsea sit seven points clear at the top of the Premier League table. Thibaut Courtois helped Chelsea to the League Cup earlier in the season. The Belgium international has established himself as one of the world's best keepers in recent years. Courtois won La Liga, the Copa del Rey and the Europa League during his three seasons at Atletico Madrid.
Petr Cech has made just five Premier League appearances this season. Thibaut Courtois remains Chelsea manager Jose Mourinho's first-choice goalkeeper. Carlo Cudicini feels Cech would be a good fit under Arsene Wenger.
Barcelona beat Paris Saint-Germain 3-1 in the Champions League on Wednesday. Luis Suarez scored a brace and Neymar also struck in the first leg. Laurent Blanc made no excuses for his side's performance in Paris.
A memorial service will be held at Anfield to remember the 96. Liverpool players have paid their respects to the victims. Liverpool fans and celebrities have also paid their respects.
Jermain Defoe scored a stunning volley in the Tyne-Wear derby. The striker was the first Sunderland player to take part in the club's keepy up challenge. Defoe was unable to replicate the high score achieved with the tennis ball but managed to post a respectable-looking nine with the Easter treat.
Wales beat Israel 3-0 in their Euro 2016 qualifier last month. Chris Coleman's side climb 15 places to reach world No 22. England climb three places to 14th, while Scotland are up 10 places to 29. Belgium rise to third for the first time behind Germany and Argentina.
Luke Shaw joined Manchester United from Southampton for £31.5m last summer. The 19-year-old has only made 17 appearances in all competitions for the Red Devils in his debut season. Louis van Gaal's side travel to table-toppers Chelsea on Saturday evening.
Stoke midfielder Charlie Adam scored one of the goals of his career at Chelsea. Adam's lobbed Thibaut Courtois from 66 yards was the best goal of his career. Stoke lost 2-1 at Stamford Bridge as Loic Remy scored the winner.
Charlie Adam scored a stunning goal from the halfway line against Chelsea. It is not the first time the Scot has scored from the halfway line. Back in 2009, Adam scored a similar effort for Blackpool reserves.
Charlie Adam scored from inside his own half against Chelsea on Saturday. David Beckham scored from inside his own half for Manchester United in 1996. Xabi Alonso scored from inside his own half for Liverpool in 2006.
Charlie Adam scored one of the goals of his career at Chelsea on Saturday. The Stoke City midfielder scored from inside his own half at Stamford Bridge. David Beckham, Wayne Rooney and Xabi Alonso have all done it.
Cesc Fabregas, Nemanja Matic and Oscar have struggled recently. But Jose Mourinho insists he will stick by his players. Chelsea beat Stoke 2-1 at Stamford Bridge on Saturday.
West Ham United host Stoke City at Upton Park (Saturday 3pm) Enner Valencia available for Hammers after toe injury. Marc Wilson available for Potters after breaking his hand against Chelsea. West Ham are winless in three games against Stoke.
LaKenya Hall, 35, of Kenner, Louisiana was arrested after driving six children to a fight where one was shot. Hall was booked on six counts of contributing to the delinquency of a juvenile and disturbing the peace. Her two sons, ages 15 and 11, were arrested on charges of disturbing the peace by fighting.
Robin van Persie has declared himself fit for Sunday's Manchester derby. The 31-year-old has missed United's last six matches with an ankle injury. Van Persie has scored 10 goals in 24 games and 1,993 minutes this season. Wayne Rooney has scored 12 goals in 27 matches and 2,383 minutes. Radamel Falcao has scored four goals in 20 games and 1,032 minutes this campaign.
Liverpool host Newcastle United at Anfield (Monday 8pm) Mamadou Sakho will miss the game with a hamstring injury. Daryl Janmaat should be fit to play despite calf problem. Newcastle United have not done a league double against Liverpool since 1993-94.
Luis Suarez revealed that he once snuck into the Nou Camp for a photo. The Uruguayan striker admitted that Real Madrid were'very' interested in signing him. Suarez also admitted that the bite on Giorgio Chiellini during the 2014 World Cup was the worst moment of his career.
Liverpool beat Blackburn Rovers 1-0 in the FA Cup quarter-final. Philippe Coutinho scored the winner at Ewood Park. Mario Balotelli was not included in the squad to face Arsenal or Blackburn. Brendan Rodgers revealed Balotelli withdrew himself from the squad. BT Sport pundit Robbie Savage labelled Balotelli 'pathetic' for missing the game. Balotelli responded by posting a thermometer on Instagram. Balotelli reported a temperature of 38.7C which is indeed above the normal body temperature of 37C (99.5F)
Mario Balotelli has scored just once for Liverpool in the Premier League. Liverpool missed out on signing Alexis Sanchez last summer. Brendan Rodgers will admit he ignored the warnings about Balotelli. The Italian shared a thermometer on social media to prove he was too ill to play against Blackburn.
Liverpool beat Blackburn 1-0 in the FA Cup quarter-final replay on Wednesday. The Reds face Aston Villa at Wembley in the semi-final on April 19. Lucas Leiva is hoping to get his first ever appearance at the national stadium.
Derry Mathews was due to fight Richar Abril on April 18 in Liverpool. The Cuban was due to defend his WBA lightweight belt against Mathews. Abril previously withdrew ahead of the original date of March 6. Mathews may still fight for the title in his home city if the WBA strip Abril of his belt.
Lionel Messi opened the scoring in the 33rd minute to give Barcelona the lead at the Nou Camp. Former Liverpool striker Luis Suarez doubled the Catalans lead with a similar strike on 55 minutes. Defender Marc Bartra added a third with a header on 75 minutes to put the game beyond doubt. Barcelona remain seven points clear at the top of La Liga with eight games to play.
Dani Alves is out of contract with Barcelona at the end of the season. The right-back has been linked with a move to Manchester United. Alves posted a picture of himself with his trousers down on Instagram.
Amir Khan believes Kell Brook wants to fight him for the 'one big payday' Khan has agreed to fight Brook on May 30 but the opponent is yet to be confirmed. Brook challenged Khan in a post-fight interview but the Bolton-born boxer has instead agreed a bout on May 30. Khan has reiterated his intention to take on Brook within the next 12 months.
Newcastle were beaten for the fifth successive time in Tyne-Wear derbies during Sunday's 1-0 defeat at Sunderland. Head coach John Carver says the club's hierarchy have already spoken about addressing their shortcomings during the close-season. Newcastle are nine points clear of the relegation zone and travel to Liverpool on Monday.
Sevilla are fifth in La Liga ahead of the visit of leaders Barcelona. Unai Emery's side have won their last five games in all competitions. Vicente Iborra says Emery has overseen a 'clear upwards trend'
Alvarado has run only once this season, finishing fifth at Doncaster in February. Trainer Fergal O'Brien says Alvarado is in better shape than 12 months ago. O'Brien spent 18 years working for trainer Nigel Twiston-Davies.
Wet conditions at Augusta National will play into Rory McIlroy's hands. The world No 1 has won all four of his majors after rain. Bubba Watson, Adam Scott and Angel Cabrera are big-hitting recent champions at Augusta.
Liverpool and Newcastle players took part in a minute silence before their Premier League match at Anfield on Monday. 96 Liverpool fans died at Hillsborough almost 26 years ago. Flowers were also laid at the club's Hillsborough memorial at Anfield.
Porto host Bayern Munich in their Champions League quarter-final. Porto are the only undefeated side in the competition so far. Julen Lopetegui's side face Pep Guardiola's side on Wednesday night.
Cindy Crawford, Yasmin Le Bon and Christie Brinkley were huge stars in the 90s. Now their daughters are making their own names in the fashion world. Georgia May Jagger, Amber Le Bon and Ella Richards have all modelled for big name designers.
Marc-Andre ter Stegen joined Barcelona from Borussia Monchengladbach in May. The 22-year-old is yet to make his La Liga debut for the Catalan giants. Ter Stegen is keen to impress Barcelona boss Luis Enrique in the Champions League.
One Direction singer Niall Horan caddied for Rory McIlroy in the Par-3 Contest at Augusta National on Wednesday. Horan fell while carrying McIlroy's clubs around the par-three course, but the pair laughed it off. Tiger Woods also played the Par-3 Contest for the first time in 11 years. Kevin Streelman won the Par-3 Contest after a three-hole play-off with Camilo Villegas.
Blues quartet celebrate Thai New Year with kick-ups at Cobham. Eden Hazard, Thibaut Courtois, Kurt Zouma and Izzy Brown took part. Blues mascot Stamford the Lion took the brunt of the players' shots.
Rangers' final game of the season has been pushed back 24 hours. The Ibrox club will play Hearts at Tynecastle on May 3. Hibs and Hearts have both lodged formal complaints with the league.
Rory McIlroy is bidding to complete a career Grand Slam at the Masters. The Northern Irishman will spend the eve of the tournament with One Direction member Niall Horan as his caddie. McIlroy's fiancee Caroline Wozniacki donned the caddie's famous white boiler suit at last year's Masters.
Real Madrid face Rayo Vallecano in La Liga on Wednesday evening. Gareth Bale could miss out after picking up a foot injury in training. Carlo Ancelotti's side face their second La Liga game in four days. Bale scored in Real's 9-1 demolition of Granada on Sunday.
Tiger Woods is ranked 111th in the world heading into his 20th Masters. The former world No 1 has won the tournament on four occasions. Woods insists he would not enter a tournament unless he thought he had a chance of winning it.
Ben Flower will return for Wigan against Warrington on Thursday. Flower was sent off in last year's grand final for two punches on Lance Hohaia. Coach Shaun Wane says he wants Flower to be 'a bit more aggressive' Flower is in a'very, very good state of mind' after a long enforced lay-off.
Corinthians striker Paolo Guerrero one of three players diagnosed. Players forced to use insect repellent during practice sessions. Cases of dengue fever have increased significantly across Brazil.
PSG face Barcelona in the Champions League on Wednesday night. Zlatan Ibrahimovic and Marco Verratti are suspended for the tie. The Ligue 1 Champions will also be without the injured David Luiz.
The 37-year-old has not played since a defeat to Warrington a month ago. Leeds coach Brian McDermott says his injury has now been diagnosed. McDermott had feared Leuluai could be out for three months if he needed a bicep operation.
Robin van Persie has 14 months left on his £250,000-a-week contract at Old Trafford. Manchester United will offer the Dutch striker £5million to leave. Juventus and Inter Milan have both been linked with a summer move. Radamel Falcao and Javier Hernandez are also expected to leave.
World's first I'm A Celebrity themed maze opens in Surrey. Bush Tucker Trials invite both young and old 'non-celebrities' to climb through 'Pipe of Peril', crawly corridors and dark caves. The experience begins with a briefing via video from presenters Ant and Dec.
Liverpool moved within four points of the Barclays Premier League top four after a 2-0 win over Newcastle. Raheem Sterling and Joe Allen scored for the Reds at Anfield. Newcastle's misery was compounded when Moussa Sissoko was sent off.
Juventus beat Monaco 1-0 in the Champions League on Tuesday night. Gianluigi Buffon made three important saves to deny the away side. The Italy international says he has no immediate plans to retire.
Andy Murray is set to marry his fiancée Kim Sears in Dunblane next Saturday. There are believed to be well over 100 people attending the wedding. Murray has revealed that there will be no celebrities at the wedding.
Ben Flower landed a sickening punch on Lance Hohaia in the Super League Grand Final at Old Trafford in October. The punch shocked the world and Flower feared he may go to prison. The Wigan Warriors forward is coming to the end of a six-month ban. Flower is preparing to return to rugby league when his ban ends this week.
YouTube user, MicahMedia, demonstrates the easiest way to peel an egg. He pops the hardboiled egg into a tumbler glass before filling it with water. He vigorously shakes the glass from left to right to loosen the shell. The 28-second video currently has over 16million views on YouTube.
Southampton sit seventh in the Premier League on 53 points. Ronald Koeman's side have failed to score in five of their last nine league games. Graziano Pelle's struggles in front of goal could see him removed from the side to play Hull on Saturday. Sadio Mane is pushing for a recall to the Southampton side.
Real Madrid face city rivals Atletico in the Champions League on Tuesday. Cristiano Ronaldo, Gareth Bale and Karim Benzema looked in impressive form during Monday's training session. The European Champions are seven points clear at the top of La Liga.
Fans are threatening to boycott the next home match against Spurs. Newcastle have lost the last five Tyne-Wear derbies. Carver concedes that his side still need more than the 35 points they currently sit on to be assured of safety.
Eden Hazard will make his 100th Premier League appearance for Chelsea on Sunday at QPR. The Belgium winger has grown into one of the world's best players. Hazard has scored 17 goals and made nine assists this season. He was named Chelsea's Player of the Year last season. Click here for Chelsea transfer news.
Cristiano Ronaldo scored his 300th goal for Real Madrid against Rayo Vallecano. The Portuguese forward is just seven goals shy of Alfredo di Stefano. Ronaldo has scored 206 goals with his right foot, 52 with his left. Jimmy McGrory, Zico and Gerd Muller also make the top 10.
Crystal Palace travel to Sunderland in the Premier League on Saturday. Alan Pardew's side are 11th in the table after beating Manchester City. Pardew was the first Newcastle boss to suffer four successive defeats to Sunderland.
Mark Selby beat fellow Englishman Elliot Slessor with a break of 126. Ding Junhui had two breaks of 86 in a convincing 5-1 victory. John Higgins had a single break over 50 as he beat Graeme Dott 5-2. Shaun Murphy came from 3-2 down to beat Anthony McGill 5-4.
Former England rugby star bought Monbeg Dude for £12,000 at auction. He tweeted: 'Holy s***, I’m lost for words and emotions. All I can say is yes the dude’ After he bought the horse Zara called him an idiot. Monbeg Dude was a 40-1 outsider when the race began.
Stoke City's Britannia Stadium pitch is the smallest in the Premier League. The 100m x 66m pitch is the joint smallest in the top-flight. Mark Hughes wants to extend the pitch to suit his side's passing style.
Manchester United host Manchester City at Old Trafford on Sunday. Wayne Rooney, Ander Herrera and Radamel Falcao among stars in training. Robin van Persie has returned to training after being declared fit to play. City have won on their last three visits to Old Trafford.
Jose Mourinho has won 21 major trophies during his career as a manager. The Special One has picked his best ever XI from his time in charge. Chelsea captain John Terry makes the team alongside Petr Cech, Ashley Cole, Michael Essien, Wesley Sneijder, Cristiano Ronaldo and Eden Hazard.
Legendary cricket commentator Richie Benaud has died aged 84. He passed away in his sleep at a Sydney hospice surrounded by his family. Benaud had been receiving radiation treatment for skin cancer since November. He was one of the world's most recognisable commentators.
Chelsea beat Roma 4-0 in the UEFA Youth League semi-final on Friday. Dominic Solanke scored a brace, with Tammy Abraham also on target. Adi Viveash's side will now face Shakhtar Donetsk in the final.
Rita, 24, has unveiled capsule collection for adidas Originals. Says Marilyn Monroe is her ultimate postergirl. Plans to continue making music and working in Hollywood.
Chris Smalling has made the brave move of joining Twitter. The Manchester United defender posted his first photo on the site. Adnan Januzaj has also joined the social networking site. Januzaj could leave United in the summer in search of first-team football.
Lauren Hill was diagnosed with Diffuse Intrinsic Pontine Glioma, a rare childhood cancer, shortly after her 18th birthday. She defied doctors' expectations and played four games for Mount St. Joseph University in Cincinnati this season, raising more than $1.5 million for cancer research. On Friday, she passed away at Cincinnati Children's Hospital.
Jonathan Trott is set to make his 50th Test appearance for England on Monday. Trott was forced to head home from the last Ashes tour after reaching 'breaking point' in Brisbane. The 33-year-old looks certain to adopt a new role as opener alongside Alastair Cook against the West Indies.
Ross McCormack opened the scoring for Fulham after just four minutes. Jermaine Pennant equalised for Wigan with a stunning free-kick on 22 minutes. Matt Smith restored the home side's lead in the 35th minute. Jason Pearce completed the comeback for the away side in the 69th minute.
Arsenal travel to Burnley in the Premier League on Saturday evening. Arsene Wenger's side are seven points behind leaders Chelsea. The Gunners have won 15 of their last 17 games in all competitions. Mikel Arteta, Jack Wilshere and Abou Diaby are all back from injury.
Campaign is aimed at 18 to 25-year-olds who are most likely to be hit by cars. More than 40 per cent of drivers who hit pedestrians and 30 per cent of 1,800 pedestrians that are hit are 18 to 34. Some have criticized campaign for focusing too much on pedestrians.
Vincent Kompany picked up a hamstring injury against Crystal Palace. Manchester City face Manchester United at Old Trafford on Sunday. City captain Kompany could be replaced by Eliaquim Mangala. Manager Manuel Pellegrini insists he does not fear for his job.
Harry Redknapp resigned as QPR manager in February. The 68-year-old described the club as 'like a bit of a soap opera' Redknapp was aware of constant talk of Tim Sherwood replacing him.
John Terry was banned for four games and fined £220,000 for the remarks made in October 2011 during Chelsea’s 1-0 defeat at Loftus Road. QPR defender Anton Ferdinand avoided shaking Terry's hand before a league match in September 2012. Rio Ferdinand labelled Terry an idiot for the abuse aimed at his brother.
Gareth Bale will be rested for Real Madrid's clash with Eibar on Saturday. Cristiano Ronaldo will play and hopes to add to his 37 league goals. Real are four points behind La Liga leaders Barcelona in the title race.
Arsenal travel to Burnley in the Premier League on Saturday evening. Olivier Giroud opts for Coldplay's 'Every Teardrop Is A Waterfall' Santi Cazorla opts for David Guetta's lead single 'Dangerous' Nacho Monreal opts for Colombian rap song 'Tranquila' Alex Oxlade-Chamberlain, Calum Chambers, Danny Welbeck, Aaron Ramsey and Kieran Gibbs are the youngest players on the list.
John Terry reveals his PFA Player and Team of the Year on Instagram. Chelsea captain names his Player of the Year and Young Player of the Year. Terry has not been on losing side to Liverpool in three games this season. Tottenham striker Harry Kane is almost certain to win Young Player of the Year.
Diego Costa limped off in Chelsea's 2-1 win over Stoke City on Saturday. Spain striker aggravated a hamstring problem in the victory at Stamford Bridge. Jose Mourinho hopes to have Costa back for final four games of the season.
Chelsea currently lead the Premier League table by seven points. Jose Mourinho's side have been top for 230 days as of Friday April 10. Manchester United currently hold the record for most days at the top.
Niki Lauda aimed a first verbal grenade at his driver Nico Rosberg ahead of the race in Shanghai. Lauda, now chairman of Mercedes F1, said: ‘Yes, Nico is definitely a little bit behind Lewis. It is not anything I can talk to him about. He will know what he has to do, and he must do it himself'
Gary Neville believes Manchester City will struggle to attract top players. UEFA's Financial Fair Play regulations have reined in Manuel Pellegrini's side. Players such as Mats Hummels and Paul Pogba would prefer to go to United, Chelsea and Arsenal, according to Neville.
Ilkay Gundogan is expected to complete a £15million move to Manchester United this summer. Borussia Dortmund's Mats Hummels is also expected to join United. Hummels is out of contract at the end of the current season.
The Masters is one of the few sporting events which offers food at reasonable prices for its punters. Padraig Harrington has enjoyed a resurgence of form in recent months. Tiger Woods finished with a 69, a four-shot improvement on round one.
Chelsea forward Eden Hazard has been in superb form this season. Hazard is a leading contender to claim both the PFA and FWA awards. Jose Mourinho believes anyone who tips a player other than Hazard is merely making mischief.
Padraig Harrington returned to Augusta for the first time in a year on Friday. American amateur Byron Meth continues to impress at the Masters. Augusta Chronicle columnist shares his best-selling 1990 poem.
Justin Rose battled back from a nightmare start at the Masters. The Englishman is joint third, seven shots behind leader Jordan Spieth. The 2013 US Open champion drew a line on his scorecard after a poor start.
Kevin Pietersen made 170 off 149 balls against MCC Universities Oxford. Former England captains Alec Stewart and Nasser Hussain have had their say on the 34-year-old's chances of a return to the Test arena. Stewart is hoping Pietersen can further his quest when Surrey face Glamorgan in their first LV= County Championship fixture next week.
Arsene Wenger has slammed post-season tours as a 'nightmare' Arsenal opted against an extended pre-season trip. Tottenham have confirmed they will travel to Australia and Malaysia. Chelsea are also set to travel abroad when the current campaign finishes.
Eidur Gudjohnsen denied Blackpool a first away victory in 343 days. Michael Jacobs' ninth-minute opener looked to have given the bottom-of-the-table Seasiders their first success on the road since they beat Wanderers' neighbours Wigan on April 26. Emile Heskey, Neil Danns and Gudjohnsen combined to leave Blackpool crestfallen.
For the first time in 88 years the women's race was staged on the famous Tideway course that for so long had been the sole preserve of the men. Hot favourites Oxford romped to victory by six and a half lengths against Cambridge. Oxford men made it a Dark Blue double with victory in the 161st men's race.
Richie Benaud led his country as captain in 28 of his 63 Tests. He never lost a series as his country’s captain, then became a commentator. David Cameron said he had ‘grown up listening to Richie Benaud’s wonderful cricket commentary’, while his Australian counterpart Tony Abbott called it ‘a sad day for Australia’
Alec Stewart is keen to hear more about England cricket director role. Former England captains Andrew Strauss and Michael Vaughan have also been linked with the newly-created position. Stewart admitted he has had no contact with the ECB.
Chelsea's Eden Hazard and Arsenal's Santi Cazorla are both set to make their 100th Premier League appearances this weekend. Here, Sportsmail's reporters choose the player they most enjoy seeing in action.
Nico Rosberg will start behind pole-sitter Lewis Hamilton in China. The German has now been out-qualified by his championship rival for each of the three races this season. Rosberg cut a frustrated figure in the paddock after qualifying.
Hundreds of people watch alleged attack on Panama City Beach, Florida. Suspects Delone' Martistee, 22, and Ryan Austin Calhoun, 23, have been arrested.
Arsenal beat Burnley 1-0 in their Premier League clash at Turf Moor. Aaron Ramsey scored the only goal of the game in the first half. Mesut Ozil and Alexis Sanchez struggled to make an impact.
Sportsmail have teamed up with Golfbidder to offer one lucky reader the chance to win a bundle of Callaway golf clubs and accessories. The exclusive Golfbidder.co.uk competition prize bundle includes a Callaway XR Driver, Callaway XR 3 Wood, Callaway XR Hybrid and a set of Callaway XR Irons.
Arsenal have won seven straight games since losing to Tottenham on February 7. The Gunners hold the record for the most consecutive wins, having won 14 in a row between February and August 2002. Manchester United sit second on the list, having put together a 12-game winning run under Sir Alex Ferguson between March and August 2000. Chelsea's longest winning streak stands at 11 games between April and September in 2009.
Peter Crouch was on Soccer AM to give his verdict on Charlie Adam's celebration. Adam re-enacted Crouch's robot goal celebration after scoring against Chelsea. The former England striker was less than impressed with Adam's efforts.
Steve McClaren's Derby side were held to a 2-2 draw by Watford on Friday. The result leaves Derby without a win in seven games and six points off the top two in the Championship. The Rams had been in control until Matej Vydra fired them ahead in the 23rd minute. But a mistake by Ben Watson just before half-time changed the game. Tom Ince put Derby 2-1 up before Odion Ighalo pulled one back for Watford.
Patrick Bamford scored the only goal of the game in the 20th minute. The on-loan Chelsea striker deflected in a cross from Jelle Vossen. Middlesbrough move back to the top of the Championship table. Malky Mackay's Wigan remain adrift in the relegation zone.
Tom Cairney opened the scoring for Blackburn Rovers in the second half. Jordan Rhodes and Jay Spearing also netted for Rovers. Leeds United's Rudi Austin was sent off for elbowing Ben Marshall.
Kenny Jackett's side beat Nottingham Forest 2-1 on Good Friday. Wolves boss believes it is now just the top eight in the Championship. Wolves host Leeds United at Molineux on Monday.
Brandon Wyne, 17, and his friend Courtney Griffith, 18, pulled over for traffic stop. Police claimed to smell marijuana and ordered them out of the car. When Wyne refused to leave until his mother arrived, an argument ensued. Officer sprayed Wyne with pepper spray and stunned him twice with a Taser gun. Officer claims he tried to delete cell phone footage, but failed.
The woman, believed to be between 25 and 45 years old, was discovered lying unconscious March 22 in the area near Shore Parkway and 26th Avenue in the Gravesend section of Brooklyn. Paramedics who responded to the scene were unable to revive her and she was pronounced dead that evening. Investigators believe the name 'Monique' was etched across a ribbon tattooed within a heart topped with a rose.
Manchester United's £750m kit deal with Nike expires on July 31. Dozens of staff at the club's Megastore are sweating over their futures. Fred the Red is among those who could lose their jobs. Nike say they are in constant communication with the club.
The Iowa Board of Chiropractic released a report Wednesday detailing charges against Charles Manuel, of Lamoni. Manuel signed an agreement last month admitting his misdeeds and pledging not to apply for reinstatement for at least 10 years. Manuel recommended that patients stop taking medication he prescribed to them.
Robin Thomas, of Jonesboro, Arkansas, posted a 'girlfriend wanted' advertisement on his truck after several failed attempts at online dating. The father-of-three decided to put the sign on his truck after failing to find love online several times. Thomas has three kids, aged six to 11, who he said that his kids think the sign is 'cute'
Flamur Ukshini, 23, is from the Kosovan capital of Pristina. He is a university student but also works as a part time model. Every picture that Flamur posts is immediately fawned over by Directioners.
Clint Chadbourne, 71, was heading back to Portland from Massachusetts. He was with his wife Bonnie, 67, and daughter Kelly when they pulled over. Clint tried to get out the car but his gut was stuck in his seatbelt. Bonnie posted the two-minute clip on Facebook and it has been viewed 30 million times.
Jurgen Klopp will leave Borussia Dortmund at the end of the season. Arsene Wenger has branded the obsession with Klopp's next move as a 'ridiculous circus' Arsenal take on Reading in the FA Cup semi-final on Saturday.
Sherlock star was challenged to a game by Chinese ping pong legend Deng Yaping. But despite using a wooden spoon to give the actor a fighting chance, Deng still won the match.
Mehdi Ballouchy's second half strike looked to have put an end to a run of just one win from the first five matches. But haphazard defending allowed CJ Sapong to stab in on 86 minutes. David Villa came off at halftime with a hamstring strain.
Villarreal drew 1-1 with Getafe at the Coliseum Alfonso Perez on Sunday. Villarreal's Mateo Musacchio was carried off on a stretcher with an ankle injury. Musacchio has been diagnosed with a broken left ankle. Villarreal have failed to win in seven games in all competitions.
NAC Breda threw away a two-goal lead against FC Dordrecht on Saturday. Manager Robert Maaskant reacted angrily to his side's collapse. The 46-year-old smashed through the plastic casing of the dugout.
Charles and Camilla were invited to fit the bungs to the casks on a tour of the Ballindalloch Distillery in Aberdeenshire. They will have to wait around eight to 10 years to sample the single malt as the owners plan to allow it to mature. The whisky from both casks will then be bottled to the benefit of the royal visitors' charities.
An unidentified man was caught on the NBC sports channel wandering across the green at the Ko Olina resort in Oahu. He went into the water to retrieve a hat that had blown off in the wind and proceeded to lose his beer at the same time.
AC Milan face fierce rivals Inter in the Milan derby on Sunday. The two sides met in the Champions League quarter-finals 10 years ago. The game was abandoned after flares were thrown on to the San Siro pitch. Milan are 15 points off the Champions League pace in ninth. Inter are a point and place further behind in Serie A.
Argentina legend Diego Maradona lost his cool during a charity match. The 1986 World Cup winner lashed out at a steward and a cameraman. The 54-year-old scored a late penalty to settle the friendly contest.
Arsene Wenger says something must be done to solve the fixture scheduling mess in England. Arsenal take on Reading in the FA Cup semi-final on Saturday evening. The Gunners boss also branded Jurgen Klopp's resignation as 'ridiculous' Wenger admits a win at Chelsea could open up the title race again.
Callum Wilson scored the only goal of the game in the fourth minute. The striker has now scored 22 goals for the Cherries this season. Bournemouth move up to sixth in the Championship table.
Zlatan Ibrahimovic has been banned for four matches by the French league. The striker lambasted a referee after his side's defeat against Bordeaux. Ibrahimovic will miss matches against Nice, Lille, Metz and Nantes.
Luis Suarez has scored 13 goals in his last 14 games for Barcelona. His overall tally is 18 and Bara's front three are on 91 for the season. Barcelona's front three look set to eclipse arguably the club's greatest front three of Messi, Samuel Eto'o and Thierry Henry.
Wayne Rooney has revealed he is developing his own style of captaincy. Rooney was handed the armband by Louis van Gaal last summer. Manchester United have won six Premier League games in a row.
The worker was spotted on the roof 30-feet above the ground in London. Local resident quickly took snaps of the man carrying out the work. Building expert said the man should have at least had scaffolding up.
Liverpool beat Blackburn Rovers 1-0 in the FA Cup quarter-final. The Reds will face Aston Villa in the semi-final next Sunday. Simon Mignolet insists the players are not thinking about giving Steven Gerrard a dream send-off.
Boca Juniors beat Palestino 2-0 to finish top of Copa Libertadores Group Five. Rodolfo Arruabarrena's side will now face fierce rivals River Plate. River Plate beat San Jose 3-0 to finish second in the group.
Binky has opened up her closet to give wannabe Sloane Rangers some help. She shares her top tips for achieving the polished, put-together look she is famed for.
Denis Suarez scored a late winner for Sevilla against Zenit St Petersburg. Fiorentina rescued a 1-1 draw away to Dynamo Kiev in Ukraine. Club Brugge and Dnipro played out a goalless draw in Belgium.
Robert Durst, 71, has been accused of murdering Susan Berman in Los Angeles. He was arrested at a Louisiana prison on weapons charges last month. He has now sent a bizarre letter to a reporter covering his case. The letter, addressed 'Hiya Holly', rambles on about life in Los Angeles. He said he 'hated LA traffic, which makes Houston look like a small town'
Siem de Jong has made just three senior appearances for Newcastle this season. The £6million summer signing from Ajax has been plagued by injuries. The 26-year-old played 45 minutes for the club's Under-21s team on Wednesday evening after competing his recovery from surgery to repair a collapsed lung.
Jurgen Klopp will leave Borussia Dortmund in the summer. Piers Morgan says Arsenal should replace Arsene Wenger with Klopp. Morgan has long been an outspoken critic of Wenger.
A quokka was the innocent victim of a cruel act by two French tourists who tried to set the Australian animal alight. The two men allegedly ignited an aerosol spray with a lighter causing a large flame to make contact with a quokka on Rottnest Island off Perth in Western Australia on April 3. The lucky little critter survived the reckless incident but was singed by the flame.
A survey has shown Australia to be most expensive country in the world for the fourth year in a row. The United States remains the world's cheapest developed country. New Zealand came in as the second most expensive country in the world and the United Kingdom was third.
Baggage handlers at Miami International Airport have been caught on camera stealing from passenger luggage. This as it is revealed that airline customers have reported $2.5million in lost property from 2010 to 2014. Since 2002, the TSA has fired 513 workers for theft, though it is now known how many of them faced criminal charges.
Serie A club Parma have been deducted four points for breaching financial regulations. The sanction adds to the three they were penalised earlier in the season. Parma were declared bankrupt last month and have not paid their players.
Paul Gascoigne's daughter was mugged by a gang on bikes in central London. The 28-year-old had her phone stolen which reportedly contained texts. Attackers grabbed her phone and tried to snatch her bag, but she fought back. Miss Gascoigne took to Twitter to brand muggers 'lowlifes on bikes'
Sickening footage has surfaced of a teenage girl being struck by a car. The driver can be heard beeping his horn at the girl before hitting her. Amazingly, the 15-year-old girl suffered minor injuries and has already been released from Shellharbour Hospital.
Carmem Dierks was running the dodgy practice in west Orange County, Florida, according to authorities. She is facing charges of practicing unlicensed dentistry and operating an unregistered dental lab. During a raid on her practice, authorities discovered hundreds of patient files, two dentist chairs, an X-ray machine and dental molds.
Ronnie Tran and his mother were kidnapped from their home in Des Moines, Washington. Police say the mother was stunned with a Taser and bound with plastic ties. She managed to untie herself, but had to flee without her son. Ronnie was found safe and well in Renton at 9am yesterday and has been reunited with his parents.
Shannen Hussein lives on a hobby farm outside Melbourne with over 150 pets. The 21-year-old cares for dogs, cats, sheep, birds, lizards, snakes, scorpions, camels and many more creatures. Her collection of creatures have become somewhat of an internet sensation.
Jurgen Klopp will leave Borussia Dortmund at the end of the season. The 47-year-old has been in charge at the Westfalenstadion for seven years. Klopp is favourite to replace Manuel Pellegrini at Manchester City. But City have no plans to appoint Klopp to replace Pellegrini.
Pippa Middleton was seen enjoying an early evening run in London. Duchess of Cambridge's younger sister wore a blue sports vest and trainers. The keen athlete is preparing to take part in a 54-mile charity bike ride.
Jonjo Shelvey converted from 12 yards after Seamus Coleman handled in the penalty area. Aaron Lennon had fired Everton into the lead in the 41st minute at the Liberty Stadium. Lennon, on loan from Tottenham for the remainder of the season, fires in his second goal in three games for Roberto Martinez's side.
Gerard Pique is preparing to play his 300th game for Barcelona. Spanish media have celebrated the defender beforehand. Pique joined Barca in 2008 from Manchester United.
Everton could be in the bottom half of the Premier League for the first time since 2006. Tim Howard is adamant the Europa League is not to blame for their poor season. The Merseyside outfit played 10 games in Europe this season before being knocked out by Dynamo Kiev. Everton named an unchanged team in the league for the first time since March 2014 against Fulham.
Manchester United beat Manchester City 4-1 in the derby at Old Trafford. Ashley Young scored one goal and set up two in Louis van Gaal's side's win. The 29-year-old celebrated by laughing at City's 'noisy neighbours'
Sergey Bubka launched his IAAF election manifesto on Wednesday. The Ukrainian has promised to take a hardline approach to doping. Bubka is Sebastian Coe's rival for IAAF president.
Dani Alves insists he is yet to sign a pre-contract agreement with another club. The 31-year-old's agent revealed last week that Alves has rejected Barca's latest contract offer. The Brazilian defender is out of contract at the end of the season.
Barcelona will make a £50m bid for Juventus midfielder Paul Pogba. Chelsea are their only realistic rivals for the Frenchman's signature. Lionel Messi has recovered from a foot injury to start against Celta Vigo. Nicolas Gaitan is seen as Benfica's key man in the Portuguese title race.
British No 2 Aljaz Bedene has switched from Slovenia to Great Britain. Bedene lost in the quarter-finals of the Grand Prix Hassan II in Casablanca. The world No 99 was beaten 6-1 6-4 by Jiri Vesely of the Czech Republic.
Jordan Spieth has won the 2015 Masters at Augusta by four shots. The 21-year-old matched Tiger Woods' record of 18-under 270 to win by four shots. The Texan admitted that he was still a bag of nerves as he held off Phil Mickelson and Justin Rose in Sunday's final round.
Justin Rose finished joint-second with Phil Mickelson on 14 under. Jordan Spieth won his first Masters title by four shots on Sunday. The 21-year-old became the second youngest Masters winner after Tiger Woods in 1997.
Family in Texas return home to find their house invaded by birds. According to the video maker, the birds came in through the chimney. Filmmaker states that there were around 30 birds in the front room.
Andy Murray is marrying long-term girlfriend Kim Sears in Dunblane on Saturday. The British No 1 looked understandably nervous as he arrived for rehearsal. The pair have been together for 10 years after meeting at the 2005 US Open.
A Chihuahua and a bearded dragon showed off their interspecies friendship. The pair can be seen chasing after one another around a coffee table. According to the video maker, the pair completely love one another.
Andy Murray married long-term girlfriend Kim Sears in Dunblane on Saturday. The British No 1 has been planning to work with former world No 3 Jonas Bjorkman as an assistant coach. His current coach Amelie Mauresmo has recently announced that she is expecting a baby. Mauresmo will be around eight months' pregnant during Wimbledon.
England hooker Tom Youngs was sin-binned for a barge on Chris Ashton. Saracens scored two tries with him off and the game was as good over at 14-6 when he came back. Tigers director of rugby Richard Cockerill said: 'It was a moment of madness but he does a lot of good things for us'
Ian Botham tweeted 'I'll have a go at that price!!!' on Jimmy Anderson. Anderson is one short of Botham's record of 383 Test wickets. Graeme Swann revealed how he used to wind Anderson up. Ben Stokes frustrated by Jermaine Blackwood's resistance. Jos Buttler took five catches for the first time in a Test innings.
Spencer Gerlach, 20, told police that he and his ex-wife Keltsie Gerlach were having a dispute on Wednesday afternoon that escalated into murder. When police arrived, Keltsie was found dead in the living room with stab wounds. The couple's 15-month-old daughter was unharmed in her crib and was asleep in the next room.
Marland Yarde scored the crucial try in the 70th minute at The Stoop. The 22-year-old wing won the last of his seven caps as a replacement last autumn, but was overlooked by England throughout the RBS 6 Nations. Gloucester only entered the interval 13-11 ahead - a poor return given their ascendency.
West Indies finished day three of first Test on 295-8 in their first innings. England captain Alastair Cook fell cheaply again for 13. Jonathan Trott also went cheaply for just four runs in his first Test since returning after an 18 month absence. Jermaine Blackwood scored his maiden Test century in Antigua.
Robbie Savage has taken to Twitter to show fans that his diet and fitness regime is paying dividends. The Match of the Day pundit appears to have worked hard in the gym to lose his 'podgy' label. He posted the photo on Twitter saying: '12 weeks. 12st 12. 12.4% body fat @JoshMchale.
West Indies finished day three of the first Test on 227 for six. Jermaine Blackwood scored his maiden Test century in Antigua. Alastair Cook and Jonathan Trott both fell cheaply once again. James Tredwell took four wickets as West Indies were bowled out for 295.
San Antonio Spurs have won 11 matches in a row and are third in the Western Conference. Kawhi Leonard, Matt Bonner, Patty Mills, Aron Baynes and official mascot The Coyote all teamed up to form band Spuran Spuran. The band name is in reference to English rockers Duran Duran. Spurs face New Orleans Pelicans in their final match before play-off run.
Indiana Pacers beat Washington Wizards 99-95 in double overtime. C.J. Miles scored 25 points and George Hill added 24. Los Angeles Lakers beat Phoenix Suns 112-101. Boston Celtics edge Toronto Raptors 95-93 to secure playoff spot.
Southampton have failed to score in their last three Premier League games. Ronald Koeman blames opponents for not giving his side as much respect as they did at the start of the season. Saints boss remains upbeat and is targeting European qualification.
Steph Curry has led the Golden State Warriors to the top of the Western Conference standings in the regular NBA season. The 27-year-old demonstrated why he is widely-regarded as one of the best-ever shooters from behind the arc with a Golden State's three-point drill. Curry made 77 consecutive three-point attempts in the session.
Arsenal beat Burnley 1-0 in their Premier League clash on Saturday. Aaron Ramsey's 12th-minute strike was enough for the Gunners. It was Arsenal's eighth win in a row, their best run since the Invincibles. Olivier Giroud wants his side to carry on and challenge for the title.
Aaron Finch had to retire hurt after a quick single for Mumbai Indians. The destructive opener is set to return to Yorkshire, for whom he played last summer, to take part in all formats once the IPL season is finished.
Christian Benteke has scored eight goals in six matches for Aston Villa. Tim Sherwood's side are six points clear of Queens Park Rangers in 18th. But Benteke says it would be risky to think they can stay up with one more win.
Chelsea beat QPR 1-0 at Loftus Road on Sunday afternoon. Branislav Ivanovic was struck on the head by a lighter thrown from crowd. QPR are unlikely to face disciplinary action over the incident. The FA will seek observations from each club and will ensure that QPR and the police are taking the necessary steps to identify the culprit via CCTV.
West Brom took the lead through Darren Fletcher's first goal since joining the club in January. David Nugent equalised for Leicester with a close-range finish after 20 minutes. Craig Gardner put the Baggies back in the lead six minutes before half-time. Robert Huth equalised for Nigel Pearson's side with a header in the 80th minute. Jamie Vardy scored an injury-time winner to improve Leicester's Premier League survival bid.
Leicester City beat West Brom 3-2 at the Hawthorns on Saturday. Jamie Vardy and Robert Huth scored late goals to secure victory. The Foxes are just three points behind Hull City in 17th place. Nigel Pearson's side have won back-to-back games for the first time this season.
Leicester City beat West Brom 3-2 in their Premier League clash. Jamie Vardy scored an injury-time winner at the Hawthorns. Nigel Pearson's side are currently bottom of the table.
The fight for Premier League survival is far from over with five games to go. Sunderland in 15th are a bad weekend away from falling into the drop zone. Have Hull got enough breathing room to survive what looks like the hardest run-in? Have QPR improved enough away from home to take any confidence to Leicester?
Cesc Fabregas scored a late winner for Chelsea at Loftus Road. QPR boss Chris Ramsey couldn't hide his devastation after the goal. Chelsea move seven points clear at the top of the Premier League.
Sunderland boss Dick Advocaat has refused to rule out staying on. The 67-year-old has signed a nine-game deal with the Black Cats. He celebrated his first home match with a 1-0 victory over Newcastle.
Carlton Cole's West Ham contract expires at the end of the season. The striker is unsure if he will be offered a new deal at Upton Park. Cole came close to joining West Brom in January.
Tottenham will play in the 2015 AT&T MLS All Stars game on July 29. The annual showpiece will take place at Colorado Rapids' Dick's Sporting Goods Park. Mauricio Pochettino is looking forward to returning to the US after the club's tour last summer.
West Ham face Manchester City in the Premier League on Sunday. City have lost four of their last six matches in all competitions. Cheikhou Kouyate has warned his team to be ready to face a 'wounded animal'
Lionel Messi wants Celtic back in the Champions League next season. The Argentine has played at Celtic Park three times during his career. Celtic failed to qualify for Europe's elite club competition this campaign.
West Ham drew 1-1 with Stoke City at Upton Park in the Premier League on Saturday. Aaron Cresswell gave the home side the lead with a free kick on seven minutes after Enner Valencia was fouled. Marko Arnautovic scored in the 95th minute to earn the visitors a point. It is the fourth time this year that a late goal has cost the ninth-placed Hammers.
Greg Dyke has vowed there will be no repeat of the FA's failure to deliver potentially life-saving research into links between concussion and early on-set dementia. The FA and PFA promised a 10-year study to investigate the connection between head injuries and early on-set dementia after a coroner found Astle’s brain ‘resembled that of a boxer’s’ Dyke went to The Hawthorns on Saturday for the launch of the Jeff Astle Foundation, which aims to raise awareness of head injuries in football.
Stoke City have opened talks with Evian over a move for Daniel Wass. The Denmark international is available for around £3.5million. Wass has been watched by Chelsea, Liverpool and Newcastle over the past year. Schalke and Inter Milan have also shown interest in the full back.
The Scottish Professional Football League has performed a U-turn by switching Rangers' final-day clash with Hearts back to Saturday, May 2. The league found itself at the centre of a furious row on Wednesday after announcing it had moved Gers' Tynecastle fixture with the Jambos to May 3. The decision was made after TV broadcaster Sky decided to screen the match live but Hibs hit out at the change, claiming it would place the league's sporting integrity at risk. All other Championship fixtures will now be moved to 12.15pm to match the kick-off in Gorgie.
Celtic have two Friday night fixtures against Dundee and St Johnstone. The Parkhead side won’t play another game on Saturday at 3pm this season. If Celtic wrap up the league flag they will be presented with the trophy before their final home game against Inverness Caledonian Thistle.
Daniel Carvajal appeared to move his mouth towards Mario Mandzukic's arm during Tuesday's Champions League quarter-final. The Real Madrid defender denied the claims after the match. Mandzukic has moved to play down the controversy, tweeting: 'There is no controversy, no bite, no nothing'
Rangers drop two points at bottom side Livingston in Championship. Myles Hippolyte gave Livingston the lead early in the second half. Marius Zaliukas equalised for Rangers two minutes later. Rangers move one point clear of Hibernian in second place.
Barcelona beat Paris Saint-Germain 3-1 in their Champions League quarter-final first-leg on Wednesday night. Luis Suarez scored two goals for the Catalan club. Gregory van der Wiel scored a deflected effort for PSG.
Everton host Southampton at Goodison Park (Saturday 3pm) Romelu Lukaku will have a late fitness test on a hamstring problem. Darron Gibson is a doubt for Roberto Martinez's side. Steven Davis is a doubt for Ronald Koeman's side.
Barcelona beat Paris Saint-Germain 3-1 in the Champions League quarter-final. Luis Suarez scored twice to take Barcelona past 400 Champions League goals. The landmark has been achieved in 202 matches since 1992. Barcelona still have a way to go to match Real Madrid's 436 goals.
Swansea City host Everton at Liberty Stadium (Saturday 12.45pm) Angel Rangel in line for first Swansea start for over two months. Romelu Lukaku is a major doubt for the Toffees with a hamstring injury. Swansea have won just one of their previous 22 matches against Everton.
Raheem Sterling arrived at Liverpool's Melwood training base on Wednesday. Fresh pictures have emerged of Sterling holding a shisha pipe. Sterling escaped a club punishment after being caught on video inhaling the legal high nitrous oxide. The 20-year-old is expected to meet Liverpool manager Brendan Rodgers on Thursday to be reminded of his professional responsibilities.
Burnley host Arsenal at Turf Moor (Saturday 5.30pm) Matt Taylor could make his return from a long-term achilles injury. Laurent Koscielny and Wojciech Szczesny face fitness tests. Jack Wilshere, Mikel Arteta and Abou Diaby are all back in contention.
Raheem Sterling has been pictured smoking a shisha pipe. The Liverpool forward was also filmed apparently inhaling nitrous oxide - known as 'hippy crack' Sterling was due to meet Brendan Rodgers to remind him of his responsibilities.
Bradley Wiggins will attempt to break cycling's hour record on June 7. The four-time Olympic champion will race at London's Olympic Velodrome. The 35-year-old is hoping to beat the 52.491km record set by Rohan Dennis.
Matt Prior's ONE Pro Cycling team has been confirmed in the list of entrants for the inaugural Tour de Yorkshire. The race will run over three stages starting in Bridlington on May 1. Prior is a long-time cycling fan who was mocked by Kevin Pietersen last summer for taking his bike with him on a tour of New Zealand.
Sussex's overseas player for first seven Blast group fixtures will be Mahela Jayawardene. George Bailey, 32, has captained his country in both limited-overs formats. Bailey: 'I'm delighted that I will be heading to Hove... and I am looking forward to testing myself once more in one of the toughest domestic cricket environments'
Alexander Kristoff of Katusha won the Scheldeprijs one-day Classic. Bora-Argon 18 rider Sam Bennett was involved in a mass pile-up in the final kilometre of the race. Bennett was taken to hospital after the crash in Belgium on Monday.
Manchester United and Chelsea will take part in the International Champions Cup in the US this summer. Barcelona, Porto, Paris Saint-Germain, Fiorentina, and MLS sides New York Red Bulls, San Jose Earthquakes and LA Galaxy will also feature. The pre-season tournament is set to be played between July 11 and August 5.
Barcelona threw away a two-goal lead against Sevilla thanks to individual errors by Claudio Bravo and Gerard Pique. Lionel Messi opened the scoring before Neymar doubled Barcelona's lead. Ever Banega and Pablo Gameiro scored in the second half to complete Sevilla's comeback.
Alberto Bueno is the highest-scoring Spanish-national in La Liga. Bueno has scored 17 goals for Rayo Vallecano this season. The striker spent a season on loan at Derby County in 2010-11. Bueno is set to face his former club Real Madrid on Wednesday.
Stevan Jovetic and Yaya Toure look set to leave Manchester City. Lucas Leiva and Alex Song are on Roberto Mancini's list of targets. Inter Milan sporting director Piero Ausilio says 'dreams are beautiful'
John Degenkolb won the Roubaix in two laps of the Roubaix Velodrome. Bradley Wiggins led a breakaway with 32 kilometres to go. But he could not maintain his lead and finished in 18th place. Luke Rowe was Team Sky's best performer, coming in eighth.
Liverpool face Aston Villa in the FA Cup semi-final on Sunday. Daniel Sturridge was left out of the squad against Newcastle on Monday. Brendan Rodgers said his star striker would be monitored this week. Steven Gerrard could return after his suspension against Newcastle.
Dirk Kuyt is returning to former club Feyenoord on a one-year deal. The forward spent nine years with the Dutch Eredivisie club. Kuyt said he has a great drive to make a success of his time at Feyenoord.
Paco Alcacer, Sofiane Feghouli and Alvaro Negredo scored for Valencia. The win lifts Valencia to within a point of the champions with seven games left. Valencia missed out on a place in continental competition last season.
La Liga title race is back on after Barcelona threw away a two-goal lead. Real Madrid beat Eibar 3-0 and are now just two points behind in second. In Italy, Parma beat Serie A leaders Juventus 1-0 at the Stadio Ennio Tardini.
Utrecht drew 1-1 with Ajax at the Stadion Galgenwaard on Sunday. The home side appeared to have twelve players on the pitch at one stage. Edouard Duplan didn't realise he'd been substituted for Tommy Oar.
Chelsea are in talks with Belgian club Royal Mouscron-Peruwelz. Mouscron had a partnership with Lille but that is now set to end. Chelsea already have an agreement with Dutch club Vitesse Arnhem.
Arsenal beat Burnley 1-0 in their Premier League clash at Turf Moor. Aaron Ramsey scored the only goal of the game in the 12th minute. The Gunners have now won eight games in a row in all competitions.
Jordan Spieth shot a second round 66 to lead the Masters by five shots. The 21-year-old matched the lowest 36-hole score in Masters history. He leads Charley Hoffman by five shots at Augusta.
Jordan Spieth is the youngest first-round leader in Masters history. The 21-year-old followed his 64 with a 66 to set a new 36-hole record total of 14 under par. It also tied the lowest 36-hole total seen in a major, set by three others, including Sir Nick Faldo at The Open.
Derry Mathews will fight Ismael Barroso for the interim WBA world title. The fight was set to take place on April 18 at Liverpool's Echo Arena. WBA lightweight champion Richar Abril pulled out of the fight. Darleys Perez has been declared the full champion of the division.
Andy Murray and Kim Sears are set to marry in Dunblane on Saturday. The couple met when the pair were teenagers during the 2005 US Open. Murray was playing in only his second Grand Slam tournament while Sears was travelling with her tennis coach father Nigel. The pair got back together in 2010 following a brief split. They were engaged in November after almost 10 years together.
Josh Warrington will be accompanied into the ring by Vinnie Jones on Saturday. The featherweight is quickly becoming one of Britain's best-supported fighters. Here, Sportsmail looks at some of the other celebrities that have added some sparkle to ring walks.
Danny Garcia is set to fight Lamont Peterson in a non-title fight on Saturday. The light welterweight champion revealed his six toes in an interview. The Puerto Rican-born fighter has a 29-0 (17 KOs) record.
Bayern Munich face Porto in the Champions League quarter-finals on Wednesday. Xabi Alonso won the Champions League with Liverpool in 2005. He has also won it with Real Madrid and Bayern Munich. Clarence Seedorf won the Champions League four times with three clubs.
Karim Benzema believes Real Madrid are capable of retaining the Champions League. The La Liga giants won their 10th European Cup last season. James Rodriguez has heaped praise on Carlo Ancelotti.
Floyd Mayweather will fight Manny Pacquiao at the MGM Grand on May 2. Showtime have released a short promotional video from Mayweather's camp. The undefeated American looks focused as he trains.
Atletico Madrid take on Real Madrid in the Champions League on Tuesday. Diego Simeone recently signed a new four-year contract at the Vicente Calderon. The Argentinian has led Atletico to the La Liga title and the Champions League final last season.
Leonardo Jardim believes Juventus are a better team than Arsenal. Arsene Wenger refused to shake Jardim's hand during Champions League exit. Juventus host Monaco in the quarter-final second leg on Tuesday night.
Manny Pacquiao takes to Instagram to thank Spike Lee and Tito Mikey. The 36-year-old also thanked Karl Malone for visiting him at the gym. Pacquiao will fight Floyd Mayweather in Las Vegas on May 2.
Juventus host Monaco in the Champions League quarter-final on Tuesday. The Italian side are aiming to end 19 years of hurt in Europe's premier competition. Carlos Tevez is one of the idols at the Juventus Stadium. The striker has scored six goals in this season's competition.
Juventus were beaten 1-0 by crisis-hit Parma at the Stadio Ennio Tardini. Jose Mauri scored the only goal of the game on the hour mark. It was only the second league defeat of the campaign for Massimiliano Allegri's side.
Real Madrid face Atletico Madrid in the Champions League on Tuesday. Carlo Ancelotti has hailed Diego Simeone as one of the world's best coaches. The Italian admits facing Simeone is both an 'honour' and a 'problem' Gareth Bale is available for selection once again after missing Madrid's 3-0 victory against Eibar on Saturday.
Carlos Tevez says it is harder to score goals in Italy than England. The striker has scored 36 league goals in the Italian top flight since leaving England for Juventus in 2013. Tevez says Premier League midfields are 'non-existent' in the English game. The Argentine won the Champions League with Manchester United in 2008.
Juventus host AS Monaco in the Champions League on Tuesday. Massimiliano Allegri is expecting a 'boring' match at the Juventus Stadium. The Juventus boss believes both sides will adopt a cautious approach.
Blackburn Rovers were knocked out of the FA Cup by Liverpool on Wednesday. Manager Gary Bowyer believes the club should brace themselves for interest in their players from top-flight clubs. Jordan Rhodes and Rudy Gestede have both attracked in the last two transfer windows.
Nicky Law has scored 12 goals for Rangers this season. The Ibrox club are pushing for promotion via the play-offs. Ian Black is one of those likely to leave the club in the summer.
Bournemouth moved four points clear at the top of the Championship with a win against Brighton. Yann Kermorgant fired the Cherries into the lead with a wonderful free-kick in the 70th minute. Callum Wilson doubled the Cherries' lead with a sublime finish in the 81st minute.
Mark Clattenburg will take charge of Paris Saint-Germain vs Barcelona. Clattenburg is regarded by UEFA to be England's top official. Clattenburg will be assisted by five other Englishmen at the Parc des Princes.
Bayern Munich take on Porto in the Champions League on Wednesday. Pep Guardiola is bidding to reach his sixth semi-final in six years. The Bayern boss got Lionel Messi on side at Barcelona in 2008. Between 2005-2009 the Premier League provided 12 out of the potential 20 semi finalists for the Champions League; between 2010 to 2015 it has provided three out of 24.
Liverpool captain Steven Gerrard and Everton captain Phil Jagielka released 96 balloons at Anfield. Brendan Rodgers, chief executive Ian Ayre and the entire Liverpool squad attended. Kenny Dalglish, Ian Rush, Phil Thompson, Robbie Fowler, John Aldridge - who gave the second reading - and Jamie Carragher also attended.
Barcelona beat PSG 3-1 at the Parc des Princes on Wednesday night. Luis Suarez scored twice to claim Barcelona's 1,000th goal in European competition. Lionel Messi shared a picture of the pair in the PSG dressing room.
Stephen Dodd took a photograph of Asif Bodi and Abubakar Bhula praying. He posted the image on Twitter with the caption: 'Muslims praying at half time at the match yesterday #DISGRACE' Dodd, a long-standing Liverpool supporter, defended himself by saying that he had the right to criticise the men because he is a long-standing Liverpool fan. Liverpool FC say they will 'take appropriate action' against Dodd.
Sunday's Manchester derby will kick-off at 4pm at Old Trafford. Greater Manchester Police say they have no objections to the kick-off. Chief Superintendent John O'Hare says the decision is down to good behaviour from supporters of each side.
Jurgen Klopp has told Borussia Dortmund he wants to leave at the end of the season, according to reports in Germany. The 47-year-old believes he has taken the Bundesliga club as far as he can and wants a new challenge after a year off. The club have called a press conference for Wednesday at 12.30pm.
Barcelona beat Paris Saint-Germain 3-0 at the Parc de Princes on Wednesday. Luis Suarez scored his second of the night to give Barca the lead. Neymar doubled the Catalan side's advantage before half-time. The Uruguayan has now scored 10 goals in his last 11 games. Zlatan Ibrahimovic missed the game against Barcelona through suspension. Edinson Cavani failed to deliver and looked out-of-sorts. Neymar was the most eye-catching Barcelona forward in the first half. Sergio Busquets was the maestro in midfield for Barcelona.
Raheem Sterling was pictured smoking a shisha pipe on Monday night. The Liverpool star was also pictured drinking Fanta with Jordon Ibe. The images will be a concern to clubs considering parting with £40million. Becoming as good as Lionel Messi or Cristiano Ronaldo requires more than ability alone.
Zlatan Ibrahimovic scored a hat trick as PSG beat St Etienne 4-1. Ibrahimovic took his PSG career tally to 102 goals since joining three years ago. Ezequiel Lavezzi also scored as PSG reached French Cup final.
Emir Spahic was substituted in the 90th minute with an ankle injury. Bayer Leverkusen lost 5-3 on penalties to Bayern Munich in the DFB-Pokal. Spahic appeared to fight with stewards after the game at the BayArena. The incident has been referred to the public prosecutor in Cologne.
Philippe Coutinho scored the decisive goal for Liverpool with 20 minutes to play at Ewood Park. Blackburn goalkeeper Simon Eastwood almost scored a dramatic late equaliser when he went up for a stoppage-time corner. Liverpool will now face Aston Villa at Wembley in the FA Cup semi-finals.
Toulon beat Wasps 32-18 in the European Rugby Champions Cup. Toulon will host Leinster at Marseille's Stade Velodrome on April 19. Toulon won back-to-back European crowns to signal the end of the Heineken Cup era.
Will Stevens yet to turn a wheel in anger for his new team in either qualifying or the race in the opening two Formula One events of the year. Manor have naturally had their teething problems since being rescued from administration, notably in Melbourne where Stevens and team-mate Roberto Merhi failed to make it out on track for a single lap. Stevens is hoping for third time lucky this weekend in his bid to finally compete in a grand prix weekend with Manor.
Aaron Cook has been granted citizenship by Moldova. The British taekwondo star plans to fight for them in Rio 2016. Cook has refused to fight for Great Britain since May 2012.
Nathan Hughes was sent off for a dangerous knee tackle on George North. The incident occurred as North crossed the line for Northampton. Hughes was shown a red card but his three-match ban was rescinded. The Fiji-born forward missed Wasps' Champions Cup loss to Toulon.
Michael Phelps has served his six-month ban for drink-driving. The American will return to the pool in Arizona next week. Phelps has won 22 Olympic medals, 18 golds.
Toulon defeated Wasps 26-17 in their Champions Cup quarter-final. Mathieu Bastareaud and Will Helu crossed for the French Top 14 leaders. Wasps fly-half Alex Lozowski kicked two penalties and a conversion. New Zealander Ali Williams scored a late try for Toulon.
It has been 88 years since Reading last appeared in the FA Cup semi-finals. The Royals face Premier League giants Arsenal at Wembley on Saturday. Steve Clarke has told his players not to get caught up in the occasion.
Caroline Wozniacki and J.J. Watt watched NCAA Final Four game. Duke Blue Devils beat University of Wisconsin Badgers 68-63. Wozniacki was invited to the White House on Monday to take part in the annual Easter Egg Roll.
Castleford Tigers winger Justin Carney needs elbow surgery. Carney dislocated his elbow against Hull KR last Saturday. James Clare is expected to take Carney's place against Widnes on Sunday.
Pablo Osvaldo joined Boca on loan from Southampton this summer. The Italy international has scored three goals in six games. Osvaldo feels that Andrea Pirlo and Francesco Totti would be perfect additions.
Caroline Wozniacki took part in The White House's annual Easter Egg Roll. The World No 5 played tennis with US President Barack Obama. The event was broadcast on the popular talk show Live! with Kelly and Michael.
Manchester United and Manchester City meet in the derby on Sunday. Louis van Gaal's United have hit form at the right time this season. Manuel Pellegrini's City are in contrasting form and are out of the title race. Here, Sportsmail looks at how a composite XI of the sides might look.
Milinda Gunasekera was flying from Auckland Airport to Perth. The 32-year-old downed a bottle of vodka in the airport toilets. He then allegedly groped a female passenger's breast as his Qantas flight was taxiing to the runway. Since the incident, Mr Gunasekera admitted he was an alcoholic and needed help. He paid for a residential rehabilitation programme, which he paid for himself.
Terrifying incident occurred at Ben Gurion International Airport in Israel. Six passengers were forced to jump onto the tarmac to escape the flames. Incident was declared a State of Emergency Level 3 - the highest level of danger.
Authorities in Muskogee, Oklahoma announced on Wednesday that they were searching for other potential victims of William 'Frankie' Dugan, 29, and 32-year-old Valerie Ojo. The couple were charged in March after they allegedly committed forcible sodomy, incest and exploitation against two children aged 5 and 6.
Manchester City host Manchester United in the Premier League on Sunday. Robin van Persie will not be fit enough to play, according to Louis van Gaal. United boss says he has been dreaming of beating City. Van Gaal also rules out a return for Luke Shaw at Old Trafford.
Manchester City travel to Old Trafford to face Manchester United on Sunday. Louis van Gaal believes Man City will not be as defensive-minded as Aston Villa. United are one point ahead of City in third place in the Premier League.
Manchester City have lost five of their last seven games in all competitions. They travel to Old Trafford to face Manchester United on Sunday. Manuel Pellegrini says he is not impressed by United's rise up the table. He says Louis van Gaal's teams are always offensive and win titles.
Manchester City host Manchester United at the Etihad Stadium on Sunday. A defeat to United is unthinkable for Manuel Pellegrini's side. Wayne Rooney and Sergio Aguero are two of the best in the Premier League.
Jermain Defoe scored a stunning volley on the cusp of half-time to give Sunderland the lead in the Wear-Tyne derby. Tim Krul waited in the tunnel for Defoe before exchanging a fist pump with the striker. Jamie Carragher said Krul's actions were 'not good sportsmanship'
Jermain Defoe scored the only goal as Sunderland beat Newcastle 1-0. The former Tottenham striker admits he missed the Premier League. Defoe compared the feeling of scoring the winner against Newcastle to scoring at the World Cup.
Jermain Defoe scored a stunning first-half volley to fire Sunderland into a 1-0 lead against Newcastle United. The former Tottenham striker looked close to tears as he walked off the Stadium of Light pitch at half-time. It was the 32-year-old's third goal in as many games for the Black Cats.
Newcastle United lost 1-0 at Sunderland in the Tyne-Wear derby. Jermain Defoe scored a stunning volley in first-half stoppage time. John Carver admitted he was 'embarrassed' by his side's capitulation.
Chris Lane was shot in the back as he jogged in Duncan, Oklahoma, in August 2013. The 22-year-old was on a sporting scholarship at East Central University. His parents Donna and Peter Lane listened to a seven-minute 911 call made by a witness who saw Mr Lane collapse on the side of the road. Chancey Luna, 17, has been charged with first-degree murder.
Manchester United host Manchester City in the Premier League on Sunday. Wayne Rooney has been restored to his preferred position up front. The 29-year-old had previously been deployed in midfield this season.
Six-year-old taken away from his parents due to poor dental health. Judge ruled that he must stay in care of local authority due to poor dental health. NHS fact sheet says most children have a full set of 20 teeth.
Jermain Defoe scored the only goal of the game in Sunderland's 1-0 win over Newcastle on Sunday. The 32-year-old admitted he had to question if he was even going to score. The strike was Defoe's third goal for the Black Cats this season.
Mario Balotelli has received more than 4,000 racist messages on social media this season. Daniel Sturridge and Danny Welbeck have also been targeted. Kick It Out estimates there have been 134,000 discriminatory posts this season.
Britain's Adam Peaty has broken the men's 100 metres breast stroke world record with a time of 57.92 seconds. The 20-year-old beat the previous record of 58.46 set by Cameron van der Burgh in the same venue at the 2012 Olympics. 'I can't believe it, coming in earlier I thought I could get a really good time, maybe a 58.5,' said Peaty.
Lady Sasima Srivikorn and Sir John Madejski are co-owners of Reading. The pair spoke to Sportsmail ahead of their FA Cup semi-final against Arsenal. Srivikorn says her house was fired upon by three men armed with M16 automatic weapons in 2014. She believes the incident was provoked by the political activities of her daughter and son-in-law.
Every woman surveyed in Paris claimed to have been a victim of sexual harassment on the city’s public transport. Half of them were assaulted before they were 18 years old. The poll led to calls for a campaign to stem sexist or threatening behaviour on buses and trains.
Dion Dublin made his debut as a co-host on Monday morning's show. The 45-year-old was joined by Martin Roberts and Lucy Alexander. The former Aston Villa striker was full of ideas when it came to renovating a three bedroom semi-detached house in Dartford.
Marley and Mitzy disappeared from the front garden of their Doncaster home. Suspected dog thief captured on CCTV footage with what appears to be two animals under his arms. Owners Adele and Steven Worgan are offering a £1,000 reward for their return.
Manchester United take on Chelsea at Stamford Bridge on Saturday. Louis van Gaal has been dealt a major injury blow ahead of the game. Michael Carrick, Daley Blind, Phil Jones and Marcos Rojo are all out. Wayne Rooney is likely to be asked to sacrifice himself in midfield.
Shay Given will start for Aston Villa against Liverpool in the FA Cup. The 38-year-old has played in all four of Villa's FA Cup matches this season. Given has been selected each round of the competition, beginning under Paul Lambert. Brad Guzan suffered heartbreak in 2010, when he was understudy to Brad Friedel but played every round of the League Cup – before being left out of the final against Manchester United.
Blackpool fan Frank Knight was ordered to make a public apology. Knight posted a disparaging status on his Facebook page this time last year. Knight is the third Blackpool fan to settle before court with the Oystons.
Manchester United travel to Stamford Bridge to face Chelsea on Saturday. Louis van Gaal faces a number of selection dilemmas ahead of the clash. Wayne Rooney may have to revert to a midfield role against the Blues. Luke Shaw and Radamel Falcao could both be recalled to the team. Juan Mata will return to his former club for the first time on Saturday.
Philippe Coutinho joined Liverpool for £8.5m from Inter Milan in 2013. The Brazil playmaker has become one of the Premier League's most revered players. Coutinho has been nominated for the PFA Player of the Season.
Luke Shaw thought he had done OK against Arsenal in the FA Cup. Louis van Gaal substituted the £28million defender at half time. He has not played since and was withdrawn from the England squad. Shaw is struggling to come to terms with his new life at Old Trafford. CLICK HERE for all the latest Manchester United news.
Newcastle have won just two games under John Carver. But the head coach says he's enjoying his job at St James' Park. Carver insists he's not making excuses for Newcastle's poor form.
Newport County striker Chris Zebroski has been jailed for four years and four months. The 28-year-old admitted four charges of robbery, attempted robbery and assault. The striker crashed his BMW into a taxi in December and attacked another driver who attempted to film him, smashing his mobile phone. While on bail, Zebroski also attempted to rob two men in Swindon after drinking heavily at a party.
Wales climbed to 22, their highest-ever position in football's world order, in the April rankings to move within eight places of England. Chris Coleman's side are unbeaten in Euro 2016 qualifying and would be within touching distance of the finals in France should they beat Belgium in June. Aaron Ramsey admits the banter with the likes of Theo Walcott, Jack Wilshere and Danny Welbeck is already flying on the Arsenal training ground.
Leeds beat St Helens 41-16 to go six points clear at the top of Super League. Teenager Ash Handley scored a hat-trick of tries for the visitors. Zak Hardaker, Carl Ablett, Danny McGuire and Joel Moon also crossed.
Mesut Ozil says he is now playing his best football since joining Arsenal. The German star was off the pace at the start of the season. But he has been in excellent form since returning to fitness in January. Ozil says his injury 'worked in my favour' after a busy schedule.
Shocking footage shows Ramiul Sheikh being violently knocked to the ground. The 50-year-old was trying to outrun the animal in the Murshidabad district of India. Mr Ramiul scrambles to his feet and survives a second charge from the angry elephant.
Twin-engine plane crashed as it tried to land at Fort Lauderdale Executive Airport. Pilot declared an emergency shortly before the crash. Plane nosedived into a wooded area close to the runway. Eye-witnesses say they heard a 'loud explosion, a big fireball'
Rademenes is the resident feline nurse at an animal shelter in Bydgoszcz, Poland. He was rescued by the shelter in October after contracting an inflamed respiratory tract infection and his owner thought he was too unwell to be saved. Veterinarian Lucyna Kuziel-Zawalich adopted him as a permanent member of the animal hospital.
The recorded cell phone conversation shows John Hargrove using the N-word seven times while talking on the phone with a female friend. Hargrove discusses an incident in which five black men allegedly threw a rock at the woman speaking on the other line. Hargrove says SeaWorld is mounting a smear campaign against him in an attempt to distract from his message.
Author Martin Fletcher claims the devastating fire was not an accident. He has revealed a sequence of other blazes at businesses owned by or associated with then-chairman Stafford Heginbotham. High court judge Mr Justice Popplewell said the fire was not started deliberately and was caused by a discarded cigarette. West Yorkshire police said in a statement that they would review any fresh evidence surrounding the tragedy.
Authorities have said an underground electrical fire is blamed for an explosion that sent a manhole cover flying more than 200 feet above a Buffalo street. The fire began around 11:30 a.m. Sunday on Tupper Street in downtown Buffalo. Police evacuated two buildings as smoke came out of manholes. A Buffalo Fire Department official has said the second of three explosions sent one of the manhole covers 200 to 300 feet into the air.
A video maker stacks four plastic cups together and rotates them. The various haircuts are drawn onto the inside of each cup. The artist claims to have been influenced by Japanese comics.
On Thursday, the seven women and five men who voted to find the 25-year-old guilty of murder sat down for a group interview with CNN's Anderson Cooper. When asked if they knew who Hernandez was before the trial started, most of the jury raised their hands. However, they maintained that Hernandez's notoriety didn't have an impact on their decision.
Brian the lar gibbon was filmed at Lake District Wildlife Park near Keswick. The 50-year-old primate was captured on film by Amanda Dorman. The seven-second video has been viewed more than nine million times.
Gemma the pit bull was filmed at home in California being fed some treats. But in a bid to trick her, her owner throws a broccoli spear into the mix. Immediately the canine pulls a look of disgust as she chomps on the vegetable.
Former Melbourne woman Dullel Kassab fled to Raqqa in Syria with her children last year. She regularly boasts on Twitter that her four-year-old daughter and two-year-old son sleep with toy guns next to their beds. The children's paternal grandparents say they are worried Kassab, 28, is 'brainwashing' the children.
Bronze sculpture depicts Yu The Great, founder of China's first dynasty. Statue of his wife has been in place in gardens in Wuhan for ten years. Tourists have been touching the statue's hand, back and breast. The parts that have been touched have worn away exposing the metal.
Kristina Patrick from Alaska filmed her German Shepherd, Pakak, performing a very skillful trick. Video footage shows the pup lying on her back with a tennis ball neatly clutched between her front paws. Keeping her eyes fixed on the toy, she then proceeds to lift it into the air being careful not to drop it. After freezing still for several seconds, she lowers the ball slowly down.
Blackpool are in talks to sign Austria defender Thomas Piermayr. The 25-year-old had been playing for Colorado Rapids. Piermayr had a spell with Inverness Caledonian Thistle in 2011.
Jessica Ennis-Hill won heptathlon gold at the London 2012 Olympics. The 29-year-old has not competed since the same event in 2013. She gave birth to her son Reggie last summer.
Aaron Ramsey scored in Arsenal's FA Cup quarter-final win against Burnley. The Welsh midfielder has scored 25 goals for the Gunners this season. Ramsey has dedicated his last two goals to his late Gran who passed away.
The dog named Stains had its coat trimmed to resemble a lion's when its owners sent it to the groomers. According to the dog’s owner, Stains is a sheep-herding breed and his thick coat, which is best suited for colder climates, had become uncomfortable in the recent sunshine.
14-year-old playmaker is regarded as one of the best talents to emerge from Anderlecht's youth set-up. City have held discussions with Anderlecht chairman Roger Vanden Stock in the hope of agreeing a compensation package.
Manchester City will resist any attempt by Valencia to pull out of a £24million deal for Alvaro Negredo. Reports in Spain suggested that Valencia are having second thoughts about keeping Negredo next season. City are adamant that the deal will go through as planned.
Roland Giroux keeps blood parrot cichlid in a tank with two other fish. When he removed the other two from the tank he noticed they were bullying it. He then set about interacting with the fish by feeding it frozen blood worms. After a while the fish enjoyed being stroked and Mr Giroux noticed it becoming more sociable.
Teacher Aaron Galloway, 23, was on a half-term city break to Prague. He left his expensive SLR camera on the seat as he landed in the Czech Republic capital. When he got home, he went on eBay to find a replacement. He was astonished to see his own camera for sale with just 35 minutes left on the auction. He messaged seller Fernando Miguel Andrade Viseu, who confessed to the theft.
Tottenham are currently sixth in the Premier League table. Spurs' hopes of qualifying for next season's Champions League look over following poor results against Burnley and Aston Villa. Mauricio Pochettino believes Europa League participation could hamper Tottenham's top four hopes.
Rory McIlroy and Tiger Woods were paired up in the final round. The world No 1 hit a final round of 66 to finish on 12 under par. McIlroy was six shots behind winner Jordan Spieth.
Angelique Kerber beat Madison Keys 6-2, 4-6, 7-5 in the Family Circle Cup final. It was Kerber's fourth WTA title and first since Linz in 2013. Keys had won four matches in reaching her first clay-court final.
Maria Sharapova has pulled out of Russia's Fed Cup semi-final with a leg injury. Venus Williams has pulled out of the USA team for the World Group play-off against Italy due to personal reasons. Serena Williams will lead the American team on the red clay at the Circolo Tennis Brindisi.
Jon Flanagan's Liverpool contract expires at the end of the season. Brendan Rodgers is keen to tie the full back down to a new deal. The 22-year-old has become something of a forgotten man at Anfield.
Sania Mirza and Martina Hingis win Family Circle Cup title. Mirza becomes first Indian woman to reach top of WTA doubles rankings. 28-year-old beat Casey Dellacqua and Darija Jurak 6-0, 6-4.
Lewis Hamilton won Chinese Grand Prix ahead of Nico Rosberg. Rosberg accused Hamilton of deliberately compromising his race. Former world champion Mika Hakkinen says Hamilton was well within his rights to look after himself.
Tension rose between Lewis Hamilton and Nico Rosberg in China. Rosberg accused Hamilton of being'selfish' in post-race press conference. Hamilton has out-qualified and finished ahead of Rosberg at every race.
Mercedes boss Toto Wolff admits team may have to make 'unpopular call' for their drivers in light of Ferrari's revival this season. Nico Rosberg moaned over the team radio during Sunday's Chinese Grand Prix about how slow team-mate Lewis Hamilton was driving. Hamilton has won two of the three Formula One races this season.
Lewis Hamilton won the Chinese Grand Prix on Sunday. His Mercedes team-mate Nico Rosberg criticised him afterwards. Hamilton leads Rosberg in the Drivers' Championship by 13 points.
Tom Varndell scored a hat-trick as Wasps ran out comfortable winners. Ashley Johnson, Sailosi Tagicakibau and Alapati Leiua crossed for Wasps. Chris Elder and Opeti Fonua scored tries for London Welsh.
Lewis Hamilton won the Chinese Grand Prix ahead of team-mate Nico Rosberg. Rosberg accused Hamilton of'selfish' driving after the race in Shanghai. The German said his team-mate had slowed down to preserve his lead. Hamilton hit back in the post-race press conference, saying he had done nothing wrong.
Aaron Cook has switched his Olympic allegiance to Moldova. The 24-year-old has not represented Great Britain since London 2012. Cook has received a Moldovan passport and will compete for them in Rio 2016.
Raheem Sterling has been pictured smoking a shisha pipe with Jordon Ibe. Jack Wilshere has found himself under fire amid a smoking row. Sportsmail list five other misbehaving Premier League stars.
Mike Ashley bought 9.8 per cent stake in Rangers and loaned the club £5million. Previous board breached 'dual ownership' rules by allowing Ashley into Ibrox. Ashley's associates Derek Llambias and Barry Leach sat as directors.
Images leaked by website FootyHeadlines who had the picture. The home kit will feature three grey stripes and yellow trim. The away kit has yellow trim and a greyed-out Club World Cup badge.
Leigh Griffiths came off the bench to score a hat-trick in 19 minutes. Kris Commons equalised for Ronny Deila's side after Darryl Westlake's opener. The win takes Celtic eight points clear at the top of the Premiership.
Leicester City are just three points from safety in the Premier League. Nigel Pearson has urged his players to ignore their relegation rivals. The Foxes host Swansea at the King Power Stadium on Saturday.
Michael Phelps is aiming to compete in a fifth Olympics next year in Rio. The 18-time Olympic champion won't swim in the world championships this summer. Phelps confirmed his intention to make one last run at the Olympics.
Michael Phelps is entered in five events in Arizona this week. Phelps has served a six-month ban following a drunk-driving conviction. The 29-year-old is entered in the 100m butterfly, 100m backstroke and 400m freestyle on Friday and 200m individual medley and 100m freestyle on Saturday.
Usain Bolt posted the video of him with Obama to his Instagram account. Obama said he 'had to say hi' to Bolt when he visited the island this week. The U.S. president joined the world-class sprinter in his signature pose.
Juan Mata collected his player of the month award for March from Manchester United. Mata scored both goals as United beat Liverpool 2-1 at Anfield. Louis van Gaal's side also defeated Tottenham 3-0 at Old Trafford. Mata has spoken of his desire to earn a recall to the Spain squad.
Emmanuel Adebayor took to Twitter to pledge his future to Tottenham. The 31-year-old has been linked with a move away from White Hart Lane. Adebayor has made just 16 appearances in all competitions this season.
Louis van Gaal's Manchester United face Chelsea on Saturday. United have won six successive matches in all competitions. Edwin van der Sar believes Van Gaal can bring glory days back to Old Trafford.
Louis van Gaal was stunned to find Manchester United players could not train after dark at the swish Carrington complex. The meticulous Manchester United boss ordered a raft of improvements including the installation of floodlights. Sportsmail understands Van Gaal is very keen to replicate match conditions during sessions.
Maria Sharapova will play for Russia against Germany in the Fed Cup. The semi-final tie takes place in Sochi next week. World No 2 Sharapova rarely plays Fed Cup due to a busy schedule.
Andy Murray is set to marry long-term girlfriend Kim Sears on Saturday. The world No 3 posted a series of 'emojis' to his 2.98 million followers. Murray will sacrifice a traditional honeymoon to jet off to Barcelona after his nuptials to kick-start his clay court season.
Wolfsburg beat Freiburg 1-0 to reach the German Cup semi finals. Ricardo Rodriguez scored the winner from the penalty spot. The result follows Borussia Dortmund's 2-1 win over Hoffenheim.
Usain Bolt will run for Jamaica at the IAAF/ BTC World Relays. The event takes place in the Bahamas on May 2 and 3. Bolt insists he is 'fit, healthy and ready to run'
Emmanuel Adebayor's £100,000-per-week wages will be subsidised next season. The striker is out of favour at White Hart Lane under Mauricio Pochettino. Adebayor has made just nine league starts this season for Spurs.
Andre Schurrle scored his first goal for Wolfsburg in 3-1 win over Stuttgart. The former Chelsea forward thanked Wolfsburg supporters for their patience. Schurrle admitted not scoring for Wolfsburg was 'eating away' at him.
David Luiz came off the bench in PSG's 3-1 defeat against Barcelona. The Brazilian was nutmegged twice by Luis Suarez in the build-up to the Uruguayan's two goals in the Champions League quarter-final first leg. Sky Sports pundit Glenn Hoddle described Luiz as a 'liability at the back' Thierry Henry also questioned the fitness of the 25-year-old.
Russian Premier League team Torpedo Moscow must play two home games in an empty stadium after fans displayed a banner with a Nazi symbol. Torpedo supporters showed the flag during the club's 3-1 win over Arsenal Tula on Sunday. The punishment will not take effect until May because Torpedo are already required to play their next two home games behind closed doors. Torpedo's previous three racism offenses this season all involved monkey chants against opposition players.
Bayern Munich lost 3-1 to Porto in the Champions League on Wednesday. Pep Guardiola's side travelled with only 15 outfield players to Portugal. Chief executive Karl-Heinz Rummenigge said the loss was due to injuries.
Christian Benteke has scored eight goals in his last six games for Aston Villa. The Belgium striker scored a hat-trick against QPR last week. Benteke has scored a goal every 87 minutes since Tim Sherwood took over.
Bayern Munich were outplayed 3-1 by Porto in the Champions League. Pep Guardiola remains Manchester City's first choice to replace Manuel Pellegrini. He has a year remaining on his contract but a quarter-final exit could persuade his employers to let him go this summer. Guardiola's teams have won just four times, drawing eight and losing five. He has never exited before the semi-final stage but has twice bowed out to teams deemed inferior.
Black players of Milan's under-10 team were allegedly subject to heckling and racist abuse during Sunday's 4-0 win over Paris Saint-Germain in the Universal Cup. Milan says it does 'not want to magnify the issue' and 'truly hopes that these reports aren't true or that it was simply a sporadic incident'
Kick It Out has welcomed the successful prosecution of a supporter who racially abused former Wales goalkeeper Jason Brown. John Wild, from Wotton-under-Edge in Gloucestershire, was issued with a three-year banning order and ordered to carry out community service. Brown, 32, welcomed the outcome of the case but also criticised a number of bodies, including Kick It Out, after he felt they 'did nothing about it'
Two goals from Ricardo Quaresma and another from Jackson Martinez saw Porto beat Bayern Munich 3-1 on Wednesday night. Portugal's Record opted for the pun 'Fantasporto' as their headline for the next day, highlighting the club's fantastic performance. Abola simply write: 'Superb!'
Ben Flower was given the honour of leading Wigan's victory song after helping them to a 30-20 win over Warrington on his return from a six-month suspension. The 27-year-old Wales forward did not get among the scorers but he did enough to impress coach Shaun Wane.
Oriol Romeu and Martin Keown predict the scores for the weekend. Chelsea host Manchester United at Stamford Bridge on Saturday. Aston Villa and Liverpool meet in the FA Cup semi-final at Wembley. Romeu is currently on a season-long loan at Bundesliga side Stuttgart.
Sam Tomkins has agreed to rejoin Wigan on a four-year contract from 2016. The 26-year-old will cut short his stay in the NRL with New Zealand Warriors and rejoin his home-town club. Warrington were the other club after his signature once he announced he was returning to Super League.
Kevin Pietersen scored 170 for Surrey in The Parks as he bids to earn a recall to the England squad. Tehsin Nayani, who acted as a PR spokesman for the Glazer family, has chosen the upcoming 10th anniversary of their Manchester United takeover to write a book. Shivnarine Chanderpaul wants to continue playing Test cricket so that he can play in the same West Indies side as his son Tagenarine.
The Premier League season is coming to an end and focus is now on the summer transfer window. Kolo Toure, Glen Johnson and Ron Vlaar are all set to leave their clubs. James Milner, Mikel Arteta and Danny Ings are also available on a free.
Gianni Paladini has registered as a director of a new Bradford City holding company in what appears to be the first move towards taking control at Valley Parade. Paladini has been searching for a way back into football since he left Loftus Road in 2011. The Italian has attempted to buy Birmingham City from Carson Yeung.
Leicester City host Swansea in the Premier League on Saturday. Foxes boss Nigel Pearson has turned to Howard Wilkinson for advice. Wilkinson won the First Division title with Leeds in 1992.
Wigan beat Warrington 30-20 at the DW Stadium on Thursday night. Ben Flower made his return from a six-month ban for punching Lance Hohaia. Winger Dom Manfredi scored a hat-trick for the second time in five days.
Diafra Sakho is West Ham's top scorer this season with 12 goals. The 25-year-old was forced off after 59 minutes against Stoke City. West Ham claimed Sakho could return 'before the end of the season'
Gareth Bale verbally abused by Real Madrid supporters outside training ground. Bale missed a one-on-one chance against Atletico Madrid on Tuesday. Spanish media gave the £86million signing just five out of 10 for his performance.
Alex Oxlade-Chamberlain has been ruled out of Arsenal's FA Cup semi-final with a groin injury. Arsene Wenger hopes he could be back in full training by the end of next week but admits the England midfielder may not play again this season. Arsenal captain Mikel Arteta, out since November with calf and ankle injuries, will also miss out at Wembley.
Jenna Louise Driscoll has been charged with three counts of bestiality, along with charges of trafficking and possession of a dangerous drug. Police were carrying out checks on Driscoll's phone for suspected drug trafficking when they discovered the three videos. The 25-year-old was due to appear at Brisbane Magistrates Court on Monday but failed to show prompting police to issue an arrest warrant.
Leeds United's sporting director Nicola Salerno has resigned. Owner Massimo Cellino is reported to have confirmed the news. Salerno's departure comes six days after Steve Thompson was suspended. Cellino is banned from having any executive influence at Elland Road until May 4 due to a tax conviction in Italy.
As a 20-year-old, Aidan Coleman chose to ride seventh fence faller Stan. It was the only time in three National runs that Coleman had not ridden the gelding. Coleman's two latest rides in the race have seen him unseated from a hampered The Rainbow Hunter.
Sam Allardyce's contract as West Ham manager expires at the end of the season. Hammers dropped points by conceding late against Stoke City. Marko Arnautovic scored a 95th-minute equaliser at Upton Park.
Tim Sherwood's Aston Villa beat Tottenham 1-0 in their Premier League clash. Christian Benteke scored the winning goal for Villa on the 35th minute. Sherwood was animated throughout the game on the touchline.
Garry Monk will hold talks with Michu before deciding his future. The Spaniard has been on loan at Serie A side Napoli this season. Michu said he did not know whether he would be returning to Swansea.
Fernando Torres scored his first ever league own goal on Saturday. The Spanish striker inadvertently headed a corner over his own line. Torres has managed just four goals for Atletico since his return to the club.
Cristiano Ronaldo's yellow card against Rayo Vallecano was rescinded. Real Madrid face Eibar without Iker Casillas, Toni Kroos, James Rodriguez and Gareth Bale. Sami Khedira and Fabio Coentrao will miss Real Madrid's clash with Eibar.
Swansea City host Everton in the Premier League on Saturday. Garry Monk believes a strong finish will put a different slant on Everton's season. Roberto Martinez's side have won their last three matches.
Cristiano Ronaldo opened the scoring for Real Madrid with a 21st minute free-kick. Manchester United loanee Javier Hernandez doubled Los Blancos' lead in the 31st minute. Madrid substitute Jese completed the scoring in the 83rd minute.
Real Madrid beat Rayo Vallecano 2-0 on Wednesday night. Cristiano Ronaldo scored his 300th goal of his Real Madrid career. Iker Casillas kept a clean sheet as Real Madrid moved to within four points of La Liga leaders Barcelona.
Burnley have scored just once in their last six Premier League games. Sean Dyche is confident that Danny Ings will start scoring soon. The 23-year-old has scored nine goals in his debut top-flight season. Ashley Barnes says he's forgotten about Nemanja Matic incident.
The patient - known only as Alex S - had all 19 of his teeth removed over four weeks in Munich, Germany. He believed the series of operations would help him regain his vitality and also cure his schizophrenia. The dentist - known only as K - claimed to be a'recognised healer' and said he helped the'spiritual self-healing capabilities of his patients'
Jimmy Anderson will make his 100th appearance for England on Monday. The 32-year-old needs just four wickets to overtake Sir Ian Botham. Anderson says he was marginalised in the early stages of his career.
Paul Downton was sacked as ECB managing director after a dismal World Cup. Stuart Broad says he was sorry to see him leave his role in the ECB. Andrew Strauss, Michael Vaughan and Alec Stewart are all former England captains who would bring their own experience and knowledge to the role. Broad has backed Alastair Cook to score big runs in the series.
Moeen Ali will join up with England ahead of second West Indies Test. Ali recovered quicker than anyone expected from a rib injury. He struggled with the short ball against Sri Lanka and India last year.
Former England captain Andrew Strauss says Kevin Pietersen's affair is a 'distraction' for English cricket. Pietersen has been encouraged to return to the domestic game by ECB chairman-elect Colin Graves and emboldened by the demise of Paul Downton. Michael Vaughan remains favourite to pip Strauss for the role.
Arsenal beat Burnley 1-0 in their Premier League clash at Turf Moor. Thierry Henry said Francis Coquelin was Arsenal's man of the match. Coquelin intercepted a Burnley pass and got his team on the front foot.
West Ham were held to a 1-1 draw by Stoke City at Upton Park. Marko Arnautovic scored an equaliser deep into stoppage time. Hammers boss Sam Allardyce was disappointed with his side's late slip-up.
Michael Owen was speaking on BT Sport's Fletch and Sav show on Saturday. The former Liverpool striker said he didn't believe Charlie Adam's goal against Chelsea was worthy of Goal of the Season consideration. Adam responded to Owen's comments on Twitter, saying he could have scored Wayne Rooney's or Jermain Defoe's long-range strikes if he had thought about it.
Manchester City host West Ham in the Premier League on Sunday. Manuel Pellegrini admits he could be sacked if they don't finish in the top four. City have lost four of their last five games in all competitions.
Sarah Sparkman, a lawyer from Arkansas, tweeted about how female sports reporters are sexualized - and was met with a tirade of anger from Britt McHenry. Sparkman wrote: 'I wish there were more women in sports broadcasting that aren't completely sexualized' Despite not tagging Sparkman in the tweet, McHenry raged: 'I went to northwestern & played sports competitive. What's wrong w/ a woman wanting to look nice & be intelligent?'
Deputy Michael Hubbard from The Spartanburg County Sheriff's Office is seen approaching the woman sitting on overpass on the I-26. When the officer asks what she is doing, she turns to him and says: 'Just looking for my way out and being at peace' Hubbard then puts his arms around her and then pulls her away from the drop. She struggles and tries to resist, but the officer says: 'Give me your hands, you're not going out like this today'
The women of the University of Southern California tennis team capped off an undefeated conference season on Thursday by winning the PAC-12 championship. USC now finishes the season 21 - 2 while UCLA is 18 - 4. Both teams will now compete in the Pac-12 Championships next Thursday, where the players compete individually.
Officer Jeffrey Swett was allegedly run over by William Bogard in January after the suspect stole his car while it was running. Swett suffered two broken arms, a broken leg and severe head and neck trauma, while Bogard has pleaded not guilty.
Crowd tried to storm the club Tsunami in the Chilean capital Santiago. British punk band Doom were performing inside the venue at the time. A crush outside caused a structure inside the club to fall killing three. Seven people are in a critical condition according to Dr Mario Henriquez.
Stephen Taylor went missing in the Solent after leaving Lee-on-Solent. 54-year-old experienced canoeist was in touch with his partner throughout day. But when he failed to return home late in the evening she alerted police. A coastguard helicopter, rescue teams and lifeboats were launched to search.
Jacob Polyakov cracked his head after plunging off the edge of the SEC 'Globe' centre in Kiev, Ukraine. His friend Jamal Maslow broke his coccyx after landing on the corner of one of the steps.
Arsenal beat Reading 1-0 in the FA Cup semi-final at Wembley on Saturday. Alexis Sanchez's second-half goal was enough for the Gunners. The semi-final was shown live on the BBC, with Gary Lineker in charge.
Newcastle are set to strip Fabricio Coloccini of the club captaincy. Head coach John Carver says the club will review that position at the end of the season. Daryl Janmaat will be given the honour during the summer. Carver labels the Holland defender as 'outstanding'
Manchester City lost 4-2 to Manchester United in the derby on Sunday. Wayne Rooney has revealed United's game plan was to exploit City's midfield weaknesses. City are considering letting the likes of Yaya Toure and Samir Nasri leave.
Guy Mowbray has worked for the BBC since 2004. He was the youngest ever television commentator on a World Cup final. Mowbray incorrectly predicted Cameron Brannagan would make his first Liverpool start.
Lewis Hamilton won the Chinese Grand Prix in Shanghai on Sunday. He celebrated by spraying a hostess in the face with champagne. Hamilton's actions have been condemned as'selfish and inconsiderate'
Nathaniel Clyne has been told he is England's first choice right-back. The Southampton defender is being tracked by Manchester United and Chelsea. Clyne has started England's last four matches, including the Euro 2016 qualifiers against Slovenia and Lithuania. Southampton have opened talks with Clyne over a new contract.
Spider crabs migrate once a year in the Port Phillip Bay area in Southern Victoria. The creatures were spotted by underwater divers in a moving migrating pyramid. The full migration is expected to occur in two to five weeks when the water temperature will drop to 14 degrees Celsius.
Brendan Rodgers has met with Raheem Sterling to remind him of his professional responsibilities as a role model. The 20-year-old has escaped club punishment after being pictured holding a shisha pipe alongside Jordon Ibe. It is the second time Sterling has been pictured with a shisha pipe in the last week.
Tom Ince scored two fantastic goals in front of his dad as Derby drew 4-4. Former England midfielder Paul Ince is on loan at the iPro Stadium from Premier League side Hull City. Derby were 3-1 down before scoring three goals in seven minutes to take the lead. Huddersfield had three goals ruled out in the second half.
Juventus beat Lazio 2-0 to move 15 points clear at the top of Serie A. Carlos Tevez scored his 26th goal of the season for Juve. Leonardo Bonucci doubled the home side's lead in the second half.
Ashley Young has revived his career in recent months under Louis van Gaal. The 29-year-old signed a five year contract at Old Trafford worth around £120,000 a week. Young is hoping for a three year extension and is willing to restructure his salary.
Pep Guardiola was expected to join Chelsea in the summer of 2012. But the then Barcelona coach was spooked by owner Roman Abramovich's habit of sacking managers. Guardiola opted to join Bayern Munich and has led them to dominance. Manchester City's place in the top four is under threat from Liverpool and Southampton.
Vincent Kompany could miss the rest of Manchester City's season. Captain was substituted during Sunday's 4-2 derby defeat at Manchester United. Manuel Pellegrini claims he is not under pressure despite poor form.
Damon Hill believes Rosberg shot himself in the foot by airing his grievances. Hamilton won the Chinese GP but was accused of slowing on purpose. Rosberg is yet to better Hamilton this season but insists he's forgotten about their recent spat.
Louis van Gaal and Jose Mourinho worked together at Barcelona in 1997. The duo enjoyed a successful three-year relationship at the Camp Nou. Neville believes Van Gaal's greatest achievement is Mourinho's. Manchester United travel to Chelsea in the Premier League on Saturday.
Manuel Pellegrini has admitted he is disappointed by Yaya Toure's performances. The Manchester City boss has vowed to back the midfielder until at least the end of the season. Toure has come in for criticism amid the collapse of City's Premier League defence.
Roma drew 1-1 at home to relegation-threatened Atalanta on Sunday. Francesco Totti gave Roma the lead from the spot after just three minutes. But Denis equalised for Atalanta with a penalty of his own.
The Boise, Idaho, fire crew thought they were chasing humans. But they found a pair of squawking birds in a burning home. Both were treated with oxygen masks and are expected to survive.
Jose Callejon opened the scoring for Rafa Benitez's side. Antonio Balzano’s own-goal doubled Napoli’s advantage. Substitute Manolo Gabbiadini grabbed a third goal for the Partenopei.
Karim Benzema has been ruled out of Real Madrid's clash with Malaga. The Frenchman limped out of training with a knee problem on Friday. Benzema should be fit for the return leg against Atletico Madrid on Wednesday.
YouTube user Elman511 cracked open an over-sized egg that was laid by one of his hens, exclaiming: ‘The big egg has another normal egg in it!’ While the instance is extremely rare, it’s caused when the hen is in the process of forming an egg in her oviduct and another oocyte – the ovum or egg cell that becomes the yolk of the egg – is released too soon.
Bystanders at 15th Street Station in Philadelphia rushed back in shock on Wednesday at 6.40pm when a man fell onto the tracks. But within a second, a fellow passenger in an Eagles jacket jumped in. He pushed the fallen man onto the platform then jumped up after him. Both men are expected to survive any injuries.
The month-old cubs were born at Leningrad Zoo in Saint Petersburg on March 11. From the same litter, the two cubs are the fifth brood of mother and father Agnes and Rock. According to the zoo, the cubs have both reached an ideal weight of 3kg and their teeth have already started to grow.
The Airbus A330 took off soon after 11am but was back on the tarmac by 12.30pm. An indicator light showed a possible issue with the rear cargo doors. Passengers will be moved to another flight due to depart Sunday afternoon.
Eric Carter and Stephanie McCassin, of New Hampshire, have been charged with endangering the welfare of a child after allegedly overdosing on heroin while giving their 3-year-old son a bath. The child's grandmother and primary caretaker, Mary MacDonald, reported finding the child in the tub, with the parents passed out on the bathroom floor. MacDonald told authorities that she is the child's primary caretaker because of her son's, Carter's, past drug problems.
Footage captured by Rumble user Sean C shows Bourbon the Doberman enthusiastically licking a baby boy on the face and nose. While some have deemed the clip 'cute' other viewers have been less impressed by the scene.
Gareth Bale went down injured after less than five minutes against Malaga. The Welsh forward was forced off and faces a race to be fit for the Champions League semi-final on May 5-6. Bale has not been injured since October of last year when a hip problem kept him out for three weeks.
Just 2,191 compensation applications were approved between April 2013 and January 2014. The total paid out was £203,066, giving an average sum of £92.68. Passport Office made a surplus of £42.3 million between April and October 2013.
Manchester United are said to be keeping a close eye on Miranda. The 30-year-old has revealed he is 'proud' to be linked with a move to Old Trafford. However Miranda is keen on seeing out the remainder of his Atletico Madrid contract.
Footage shows the rotund animal with his front hooves planted firmly on his pal's back. His horned head is then craned to the branches where he proceeds to nibble up leaves.
Jack Wilshere and Jordan Henderson are targets of Manchester City. City also maintain an interest in Liverpool's unsettled England forward Raheem Sterling. Frank Lampard and James Milner are set to leave the Etihad Stadium.
Raheem Sterling has rejected a new £100,000-a-week deal with Liverpool. Barcelona forward Pedro would command £90,000-a-week wages. The 27-year-old has been looked at by Liverpool boss Brendan Rodgers before.
BMW is recalling 91,800 Mini Coopers to fix a defect that may prevent the air bag on the front passenger side of the cars from deploying in a crash. The problem affects the 2005 to 2008 models of the Mini Cooper and Cooper S. BMW estimates that ten per cent of the cars being recalled actually have the detection mat problem.
Chelsea are favourites to sign 19-year-old Fluminense forward Kenedy. Giuliano Bertolucci's agency is handling the deal. Kenedy has represented Brazil at Under 17 and Under 20 level.
Daniel Steele, 25, was arrested at his home in Raleigh, North Carolina. Kimberly Dianne Richardson, 25, was rushed to hospital but died in the early hours of Sunday. Her baby, a girl, survived and is being cared for at WakeMed hospital.
Mats Hummels has admitted he is considering his future at Borussia Dortmund. The Germany defender has been consistently linked with a move to Manchester United in recent seasons. Franz Beckenbauer believes Hummels is at the right age to move to England.
Robin van Persie has scored 10 goals for Manchester United this season. The Dutchman has been out injured for six weeks with an ankle injury. Juventus and Inter Milan are interested in signing Van Persie in the summer. Real Madrid, Paris Saint-Germain and Barcelona are also in the market. CLICK HERE for all the latest Manchester United news.
Yaya Toure will be offered a new contract by Manchester City in the summer. Inter Milan are prepared to offer the 31-year-old a five-year deal. Roberto Mancini wants to bring Toure to the San Siro next season.
Mats Hummels has admitted he is considering his future at Borussia Dortmund. The Germany defender has consistently been linked with a big-money move to Manchester United. Hummels still has two years left to run on his contract with Dortmund.
Arsenal are in advanced talks with Velez Sarsfield over Maxi Romero. The Gunners are confident of completing a deal for the 16-year-old in the coming days. Romero is expected to remain with Velez on loan for at least two more seasons before coming to England.
Aston Villa face Liverpool in the FA Cup semi-final on Sunday. Shay Given will start in goal for Tim Sherwood's side at Wembley. The 38-year-old has played in all four of Villa's FA Cup matches this season.
Liverpool face Aston Villa in the FA Cup semi-final on Sunday. Steven Gerrard will mark his 36th - and potentially final - game at Wembley. The midfielder is set to leave Liverpool at the end of the season.
Sean Dyche says he has been shocked by the amount of simulation he has witnessed during Burnley's first season back in the Premier League. Dyche claims another manager has urged him to'move with the times' and instruct his players to seek out decisions. Burnley are second from bottom with just six games remaining.
The most impressive wipe-out went to Australian surfer Josh Kerr. The 31-year-old put too much weight on the front of his board and flipped head first into the break. Adam Melling, Owen Wright and John John Florence also succumbed to the powerful break. Thousands of spectators watched as the reigning world champion, Brazilian Gabriel Medina lost to local wildcard Jay Davies.
Angel di Maria was sent off against Arsenal in the FA Cup back in March. The red card forced Louis van Gaal to change his starting line-up. Marouane Fellaini was one of the stand out players in the 3-0 win over Tottenham. Paul Scholes says United's good run of form has come at a time when they have nothing to play for.
Calum Chambers joined Arsenal from Southampton for £16million last summer. The 20-year-old has made 36 appearances for the Gunners this season. Chambers is adamant he will play a central role at the Emirates in the future.
Aston Villa face Liverpool in the FA Cup semi-final on Sunday. Tim Sherwood is hoping his side can cause an upset at Wembley. He has been a fan of Liverpool star Raheem Sterling since he was 14.
Chelsea host Manchester United in the Premier League on Saturday. Jose Mourinho claims it's 'hard but more fun' managing United than Chelsea. United have the financial scope to fund a massive squad, while Chelsea are forced to sell players such as Juan Mata to balance the books.
Manny Pacquiao fights Floyd Mayweather Jnr in Las Vegas on May 2. A new film charts the boxer's rise from humble beginnings. 'Kid Kulafu' was released in the Philippines on Wednesday.
Rafael Nadal safely made his way into third round of Monte Carlo Masters. The world No 5 beat Frenchman Lucas Pouille 6-2, 6-1. Nadal is an eight-time champion in Monte Carlo but hasn't won since 2012.
Milos Raonic lost to Roger Federer in last year's Wimbledon semi-final. Nick Kyrgios beat Rafael Nadal in the fourth round at SW19 last year. The Aegon Championships at Queen's Club begin on June 15.
Jordan Spieth said he would probably sleep in his green jacket after winning the Masters. The 21-year-old became the first player to reach 19 under par at Augusta. He also became the second youngest champion behind Tiger Woods.
Williams driver Felipe Massa believes he is driving better than ever. Massa finished 5th at the Shanghai Grand Prix last week. The Brazilian driver is currently 4th in the standings.
Novak Djokovic beat Albert Ramos-Vinolas 6-1 6-4. David Ferrer also through after Victor Estrella Burgos retired. Jo-Wilfried Tsonga beat Jan-Lennard Struff 6-4 6-4.
The singles champions will each receive 1.8m euros (£1.3m) The tournament remains the Grand Slam with the lowest prize for the singles champion. The main benefactors will be players who go out in the early rounds.
Many Clouds won the 2015 Grand National at Aintree on Saturday afternoon. The 25-1 shot is the first Hennessy Gold Cup winner to land the prestigious prize. Last year's winning jockey Leighton Aspell became the first jockey in more than 40 years to win back-to-back Grand Nationals.
Lewis Hamilton sprayed champagne at the face of a 'podium girl' Liu Siying after winning the Chinese Grand Prix. The 23-year-old said she was just doing her job and wasn't offended by it. Sexism campaigners called the British Formula 1 star's behaviour'selfish'
Arsenal captain Mikel Arteta is out of contract in the summer. The 33-year-old is expected to agree a 12-month extension. Arteta is currently recovering from a minor ankle problem.
Sportsmail's Racing Correspondent Marcus Townend and Britain's No 1 tipster Sam Turner cast their eye over the 39-strong field. Will AP McCoy's glittering career conclude with a fairytale victory for favourite Shutthefrontdoor?
Lewis Hamilton sprayed a grid girl with champagne after the Chinese Grand Prix. The Brit driver was criticised by anti-sexism group Object. Hamilton says he was just acting on his excitement after winning. Grid girl Liu Siying says she did not think too much about the incident.
AP McCoy will retire after the Grand National if Shutthefrontdoor wins. The jockey has won the National Hunt title every year since 1997. Shutthefrontdoor will be the subject of an avalanche of emotional support. McCoy won the race on Don’t Push It in 2010.
Alex Hales has nine England caps to date, since his debut last August. Hales has played in only five of England's subsequent 18 matches. The Nottinghamshire big-hitter was run out last Sunday as his county battled to draw against Middlesex.
Billy Vunipola was cited for striking Mathew Tait with his head. The incident occurred in Saracens' 22-6 win at Allianz Park. Vunipola's case will be heard by a three-man panel on Tuesday. Vereniki Goneva has also been cited for striking Saracens' Kelly Brown.
Nathan Charles took up rugby as a way of battling with cystic fibrosis. The 26-year-old has earned four international caps for Australia. Charles is hoping to make Michael Chieka's World Cup squad later this year.
Scott hasn’t played since picking up his latest injury on Scotland duty against Ireland in the final game of the Six Nations last month. The 25-times-capped centre is now also a doubt for September’s World Cup after undergoing an operation on his left shoulder for the second time in a year. Scott was putting a brave face on having his season cut short by this latest injury blow.
Red Bull owner Dietrich Mateschitz threatened to pull out of Formula One. Daniil Kvyat's Red Bull and the Toro Rosso of Max Verstappen both suffered a power-unit failure in China.
Gary Ballance scored 122 as England dominated first Test in Antigua. Ballance has now scored four centuries in nine Tests for England. England declared on 333 for seven and West Indies are 98 for two at stumps.
Kevin Pietersen is 'running out of time' to resurrect his Test career, says Andrew Flintoff. Pietersen will be 35 on June 27, before the home Ashes series starts. Flintoff did give his full backing to struggling captain Alastair Cook.
Mustafa Kamal was unhappy with umpiring decisions during World Cup. India eliminated Bangladesh in the World Cup quarter-final in Melbourne. Kamal's resignation was confirmed after the governing body's quarterly meeting.
New Orleans Pelicans beat San Antonio Spurs 108-103 to reach play-offs. Anthony Davis had 31 points and 13 rebounds for Pelicans. Oklahoma City Thunder miss out on post-season after losing to Minnesota. Brooklyn Nets beat Orlando Magic 101-88 to clinch Eastern Conference playoff spot. Golden State Warriors finish best regular season in club history with 133-126 win over Denver Nuggets.
Arsenal beat Reading 2-1 after extra time in the FA Cup semi-final. Aaron Ramsey was relieved to reach another Wembley final. Reading goalkeeper Adam Federici left the field in tears after fumbling Alexis Sanchez's shot through his legs and over the line for the clinching goal.
England declared just before tea, leaving West Indies a hefty target. Buttler smashed a loopy ball from Marlon Samuels straight into Ballance's arm. The Yorkshire batsman was left with a nasty bruise but was fine to carry on. Joe Root’s 142-run contribution has been largely overlooked.
Ryan Bertrand believes he deserves to be higher up the England pecking order. The 25-year-old has been one of the standout performers for Southampton. Bertrand made his move to St Mary's from Chelsea permanent in January.
Southampton are fifth in the Premier League, five points behind Man City. Ronald Koeman's side have six games remaining this season. Saints travel to Stoke City on Saturday.
Moha El Ouriachi looks set to join Stoke City from Barcelona. Potters boss Mark Hughes has already signed Bojan Krkic and Marc Muniesa from the Nou Camp in the last two years. El Ouriachi is turning down a new deal with the Catalans.
Yannick Bolasie has been linked with a £10m move to the Premier League. Crystal Palace boss Alan Pardew says Bolasie will not be sold cheaply. Pardew has targeted a top-10 finish this season.
Southampton host Hull City at St Mary's Stadium (Saturday 3pm) Steven Davis could return to the Southampton side. Allan McGregor is out of form for Hull and could be rested. Saints have won seven of their last eight games against Hull City.
Harry Kane has been nominated for the PFA Player of the Year award. Chelsea's Eden Hazard is the hot favourite to land the accolade. But Spurs boss Mauricio Pochettino says Kane deserves it. Pochettino says the impact Kane has had on English football is massive.
Leigh Griffiths has scored 15 goals in all competitions this season. The 24-year-old admits he had to work hard in the gym to improve. Celtic face Inverness in the Scottish Cup semi-final on Sunday.
Winston Reid signed a new six-and-a-half-year deal with West Ham. The New Zealand international had been linked with Arsenal and Tottenham. Reid believes he can fulfil all of his ambitions at West Ham.
Manchester City host West Ham in the Premier League on Sunday. City have slipped into fourth place after a terrible run of form. But Hammers boss Sam Allardyce wants his players to produce the goods.
Rangers are four points clear at the top of the Scottish Championship. Stuart McCall believes his side's promotion rivals could drop points against Livingston on Wednesday. Rangers beat Dumbarton 3-1 on Saturday thanks to two goals from Ryan Hardie.
Liverpool face Aston Villa in the FA Cup semi-final on Sunday. Lucas Leiva has been at Liverpool for eight years and holds the unwanted record of playing more games without winning a major trophy than anyone else in 50 years. The Brazilian missed the 2012 League Cup final and two other Wembley appearances that year with a serious knee injury.
Labour promise to enforce Premier League commitment to invest five per cent of the proceeds from lucrative TV rights deals in grassroots sport. Shadow health secretary Andy Burnham said the move could unlock £400 million to nurture the talents of the next generation of stars. He accused David Cameron of failing to get tough on the Premier League despite a massive increase in its TV revenues during his time in power.
Jonny Howson opened the scoring for Norwich early in the second half. Graham Dorrans missed a first half penalty for the visitors. But he made amends with a late winner at Elland Road.
Liverpool face Aston Villa in the FA Cup semi-final on Sunday. The Reds are currently fourth in the Premier League table. Mignolet insists he cannot choose between winning the FA Cup and a top four finish.
Jose Mourinho claims Manchester City have been treated like criminals. City have lost six of their last eight games in all competitions. Mourinho's Chelsea take on Manchester United at Stamford Bridge on Saturday.
Jose Mourinho says Jurgen Klopp is not coming to take his job at Chelsea. The German has been tipped to make the move to England next season. Manchester City have already indicated they are not in their sights.
Celtic came from behind to beat Kilmarnock 3-1 on Wednesday. Leigh Griffiths came off the bench to score a hat-trick. Ronny Deila's side are eight points clear at the top of the Scottish Premiership.
Porto beat Bayern Munich 3-1 in Champions League quarter-final first leg. Pep Guardiola says his side suffered with injuries. Julen Lopetegui says reaching semi-final would be a dream come true.
Manchester United defeated Manchester City 4-2 in the derby. Louis van Gaal's side are fifth in the Premier League table. Marouane Fellaini, Ander Herrera and Ashley Young have all flourished. Juan Mata has found his stride under Van Gaal. Radamel Falcao has had to settle for a place on the bench.
Emmanuel Adebayor posted a video of himself performing a strange jig in front of the Arc de Triomphe in Paris. The Tottenham striker has only one year left to run on his current contract. Adebayor has not scored in the Premier League for Spurs since October.
Thousands of dead fish have washed up on the banks of a Rio de Janeiro lake. The Rodrigo de Freitas lagoon is set to host Olympic rowing competitions. Officials say recent rains and high sea levels have caused the problem.
Lazio have won eight games in a row in Serie A. They face league leaders Juventus on Saturday. A win will cut the gap to nine points with seven games left.
Manchester United beat Manchester City 4-2 in the derby on Sunday. Chris Smalling scored United's fourth in the emphatic win. United are now just eight points behind leaders Chelsea.
Liverpool lost 4-1 to Arsenal in the Premier League on Saturday. Brendan Rodgers' side are seven points behind fourth-placed Manchester City. The Reds host Newcastle in the Premier League on Monday night.
Mamadou Sakho limped off during Liverpool's FA Cup win against Blackburn Rovers. The French defender faces three to four weeks out with a hamstring injury. Sakho will miss Liverpool's FA Cup semi-final showdown with Aston Villa.
The last of the riders went through the barrier in northern France about eight seconds before the TGV train arrived. SNCF have made an official complaint to French prosecutors saying the action had risked a deadly tragedy. One rider from the Belgian Lotto team was clipped by a barrier as it came down.
Jordon Ibe damaged knee ligaments against Besiktas on February 26. The 19-year-old is set to sign a new long-term deal at Liverpool. Brendan Rodgers says Ibe has looked 'absolutely sensational'
Kimi Raikkonen finished fourth at the Chinese Grand Prix on Sunday. Sebastian Vettel claimed his third podium finish this season. Ferrari have been more competitive in the first three races than last year.
Manchester City lost 4-2 to Manchester United at Old Trafford on Sunday. Sergio Aguero scored after eight minutes to give City the lead. Mario Balotelli tweeted: 'Yeeeees city @aguerosergiokun!!! 1-0 OLD TRAFFORD...Stand up and shut up' Liverpool face Newcastle United on Monday night in the Premier League.
Manny Pacquiao will fight Floyd Mayweather in Las Vegas on May 2. The Filipino has revealed his mouth guard ahead of the bout. The multicoloured mouthpiece comes in a container that reads 'MouthGuards for Champions'
Danny Ings has scored nine goals in his first season in the Premier League. Manchester United are favourites to sign the Burnley striker this summer. Louis van Gaal was impressed by Ings' display against United in February.
West Ham striker and Southampton right-back were in attendance. The event was a fundraising reception for the charity, which was founded by Cole and Godfrey Torto. QPR winger Shaun Wright-Phillips was also spotted at the event.
Manny Pacquiao will fight Floyd Mayweather in Las Vegas on May 2. The Filipino took time out from his training session to jog in LA. Pacquiao was joined by his pet dog Pacman as he ran around Griffith Park.
Louis van Gaal was pictured with Toni Duggan, Isobel Christiansen and Everton's Michelle Hinnigan at Wing's Chinese restaurant. Manchester City women's players Duggan and Christiansen were not present. United beat City 4-2 at Old Trafford on Sunday to move four points clear at the top of the Premier League.
New York City FC striker David Villa was invited to ring the NYSE opening bell. The 33-year-old has scored one goal in two appearances for the club. New York City are currently seventh in the MLS table with five points.
Stuart Pearce believes Manchester City manager Manuel Pellegrini should be given more time to turn around the club's fortunes. The former City player believes Pellegrini has been around the block long enough to realise the squad needs freshening up drastically this summer. Pearce blamed City’s poor run of form on the fading influence of Ivorian Yaya Toure.
Ben Flower did not believe he deserved the standing ovation which greeted his return from suspension on Thursday night. The Wales forward made his first appearance since he punched St Helens' Lance Hohaia in the opening moments of last season's Grand Final. The 27-year-old came on as a substitute in the 23rd minute of Thursday's match.
Rafa Benitez won the Champions League with Liverpool in 2005. But he never won the Premier League with the Reds. Benitez also brought in the hapless Djimi Traore and Milan Baros.
Newcastle were beaten 2-0 by Liverpool at Anfield on Monday night. Dejan Lovren brought down Ayoze Perez in the box in the 38th minute. The defender did not make contact with the ball and tumbled the Spaniard. Sky Sports pundit Gary Neville said it was a'stonewall penalty'
Craig Sibbald scored the only goal of the game in the 74th minute. The Falkirk striker headed home from a cross by Grant Leahy. Peter Houston's side will face either Celtic or Inverness in the final.
Ben Gibson, 22, is hoping to lead Middlesbrough back to the Premier League. His uncle, Boro chairman Steve Gibson, has overseen some of the most significant times in the club's history. Middlesbrough host Norwich City in the Championship on Friday.
Championship leaders Bournemouth travel to Reading on Tuesday. Middlesbrough are four points clear at the top of the table. Aitor Karanka's side face a trip to Molineux to face Wolves on Tuesday.
West Brom beat Crystal Palace 2-0 in the Premier League on Saturday. Craig Gardner scored the second for Tony Pulis' side at Selhurst Park. It was the Welshman's first return to the home ground since leaving Palace.
Odion Ighalo opened the scoring for Watford after just four minutes. Matthew Connolly doubled the Hornets' lead in the 41st minute. Nottingham Forest defender Kelvin Wilson was sent off for a foul on Almen Abdi. Gary Gardner pulled one back for Forest with twenty minutes to play. Abdi scored his second and Watford's third in the closing stages.
Manchester United beat Manchester City 4-1 at Old Trafford on Sunday. Ashley Young, Marouane Fellaini, Juan Mata and Chris Smalling scored for United. Sergio Aguero scored a brace for Manchester City.
Ryan Dearnley won chance to walk out as mascot for FA Cup semi-final. 10-year-old said he hoped Arsenal beat Reading in Huddersfield Examiner interview. Reading fans reacted angrily, with 85% saying he should not lead them out. FA have removed him from role as mascot to avoid bad publicity.
Alexander Tettey scored an own goal in the eighth minute to hand Middlesbrough the three points at Carrow Road. The win lifts Aitor Karanka's side to the top of the Championship table on goal difference. Bournemouth, who relinquished first place, play their game in hand against Sheffield Wednesday and Watford on Saturday.
Manchester City host West Ham in the Premier League on Sunday. City are currently fourth in the table but are out of the Champions League. Sven Goran Eriksson was the last manager at City before the Mansour family took over in 2008.
Manchester City lost the Manchester derby 4-1 at Old Trafford on Sunday. Sergio Aguero, Yaya Toure, Martin Demichelis and Eliaquim Mangala all wore gloves. Fourth official Jonathan Moss also sported a pair of hand warmers.
Yaya Toure will not be forced out of Manchester City this summer. Premier League champions will listen to offers for the Ivorian. Inter Milan are interested but Toure's wages are a stumbling block. City will resist any attempt by Valencia to pull out of a £24million deal for Alvaro Negredo to fund a move for Radamel Falcao.
Jurgen Klopp will leave Borussia Dortmund at the end of the season. The 47-year-old has been linked with a number of leading clubs. Manchester City are set to end the season trophyless. Manuel Pellegrini could be on his way out after a poor season.
There are no British teams in the quarter finals of the Champions League. Paul Scholes hopes Ryan Giggs will get the chance to succeed Louis van Gaal at Manchester United. Scholes believes Pep Guardiola will take over at Manchester City.
Craig Cathcart scored the only goal of the game in the 56th minute. Slavisa Jokanovic's side go top of the Championship with two games to play. Matt Ritchie's stoppage-time penalty for Bournemouth denied the Hornets.
Luis Suarez scored a double in Barcelona's 3-1 win over Paris Saint-Germain. The Uruguayan's double came after he nutmegged former Chelsea man David Luiz. The Brazilian was substituted in the first half with a hamstring problem.
Manchester City are fourth in the Premier League, 12 points adrift of Chelsea. Manuel Pellegrini's side have won just four of 15 games in all competitions. Gary Neville says Pellegrini should be given the chance to turn it around. But Sky Sports pundit says only minor changes need to happen in summer.
The Giants have plummeted from third to ninth after losing all three games over the Easter holiday period. Huddersfield face Catalans Dragons with the league's best defensive record. A first win in four would enable Huddersfield to leapfrog their French visitors, who have won just one of five away games so far this year.
Sylvain Distin and Antolin Alcaraz's contracts at Everton expire this summer. Roberto Martinez says 37-year-old Distin still has time to prove he deserves a new deal. Alcaraz, 33, has more of a chance of securing a short-term extension. Martinez says Everton's recruitment team have been looking for targets for six months.
Romelu Lukaku is set to return from a four-week absence with a hamstring injury this weekend at home to Burnley. Roberto Martinez believes he would have a difficult time trying to convince the Belgium international to take it easy. Lukaku has scored 11 goals in 16 matches since January 1.
Leigh delivered a stunning knockout blow as Salford crashed out of the Ladbrokes Challenge Cup. The Centurions twice came from behind in thrilling fashion to beat the Red Devils 22-18 in front of a 6,358 crowd.
United Arab Emirates are planning a bid to host the 2021 World Cup. The country's government is keen to boost the nation's international profile. The 16th Rugby League World Cup is expected to be named in October 2016.
Manchester United beat Manchester City 4-2 at Old Trafford on Sunday. Louis van Gaal said that it is a great time to be a Manchester United supporter right now. United are now four points clear of City in third place in the Premier League.
Manchester United beat Manchester City 4-2 at Old Trafford on Sunday. Louis van Gaal's side are now four points clear of their cross-town rivals. Marouane Fellaini has been key in United's recent run of form. Manchester City's defence is coming to the end of its lifespan.
Alex Hales believes England's players aren't competing in enough T20 competitions. Hales and Chris Woakes feel that a way of improving England's one day cricket would be to adopt more the model of countries like Australia and India with their franchise systems. Both he and Woakes feel that a way of improving England's one day cricket would be to adopt more the model of countries like Australia and India with their franchise systems.
Manchester City lost 4-2 to Manchester United in the derby on Sunday. Gary Neville believes Yaya Toure's defensive lapses are costing them. The Sky Sports pundit says the club need to get rid of 'weeds in the garden' Graeme Souness said Toure is a liability when City don't have the ball.
Kevin Pietersen has not played for England since being sacked 14 months ago. Andrew Flintoff fears Pietersen is 'running out of time' to make England return. Pietersen scored 170 for Surrey in first red ball innings for Surrey since June 2013.
The England and Wales Cricket Board announced much-improved advance ticket sales for the second NatWest T20 Blast. The Blast's stock is at a new high, in its second year and 12th for the Twenty20 domestic format. Cook, however, is at a much lower ebb as his quest for a long overdue Test century brought him two more failures at the top of the order in the opening match of England's series in the West Indies.
Alastair Cook has struggled with the bat over the last year. Michael Vaughan praised Cook in the commentary box before he was dismissed. Cook scored 11 in the first innings but 13 in the second.
Bayern Munich face Porto in the Champions League on Wednesday. Franck Ribery is out with an ankle injury while Bastian Schweinsteiger has had a virus for the past few days. Medhi Benatia, David Alaba, Javi Martinez and Arjen Robben had already been sidelined.
England face West Indies in a three-Test series that begins on Monday. Alastair Cook and Peter Moores know they can't afford any slip-ups. Jimmy Anderson will make his 100th Test appearance in the Caribbean.
James Anderson will earn his 100th Test cap on Monday. Anderson needs just three wickets to go level with Sir Ian Botham. Sir Vivian Richards believes Anderson is a worthy heir to Botham.
Manchester City lost 4-2 to Manchester United at Old Trafford on Sunday. The defeat leaves Manuel Pellegrini's side fourth in the Premier League. Patrick Vieira is believed to be willing to step in as interim manager until the end of the season if Pellegrini goes.
Manchester City are planning a mega-bid for Raheem Sterling this summer. The transfer window officially opens on July 1, but deals can be discussed between clubs prior to that date. City believe they are leading the race to land Sterling this summer.
Manchester United ended a run of four successive defeats against City. Wayne Rooney's pre-match team talk inspired United to victory. Daley Blind has urged United to focus on their next Premier League match against Chelsea.
Bayern Munich face Eintracht Frankfurt in the Bundesliga on Saturday. Pep Guardiola's side also face FC Porto in the Champions League. Bayern have a long injury list with Medhi Benatia out for four weeks. Arjen Robben and Franck Ribery are both absent with injuries.
Manchester United beat Manchester City 4-1 in the derby on Sunday. Louis van Gaal left Angel di Maria and Radamel Falcao on the bench. United have won six successive Premier League games.
James Anderson will play his 100th Test for England on Monday. The fast bowler needs just three wickets to equal Ian Botham's England-record haul of 383. Anderson was known as Pro Killer during his early days for Burnley.
Kevin Pietersen made 170 in Surrey's match against Oxford University. It was the 34-year-old's first red-ball cricket since June 2013. Pietersen's only hope of playing for England again is to score runs for Surrey - wind, rain or shine.
Liverpool lost 2-1 to Aston Villa in the FA Cup semi-final at Wembley. Philippe Coutinho and Christian Benteke scored for the hosts. Fabian Delph and Christian Benteke scored for Villa. Brendan Rodgers admitted his side's big-game mentality must improve.
Obbi Oulare scored as Club Brugge came from behind to beat Anderlecht. Scouts from Manchester United, Everton, Sunderland, Burnley, Dortmund and Leverkusen were in Belgium to watch the game. Oulare is the son of former Guinea international Souleymane Oulare.
Alexis Sanchez's shot squirmed through Adam Federici's legs. Reading goalkeeper left the field in tears after the FA Cup semi-final. Steve Clarke revealed he tried to console Federici after the match.
Jimmy Floyd Hasselbaink guided Burton Albion to promotion. But the rookie manager wants to win the League One title next season. The Brewers beat Morecambe 2-1 on Saturday to confirm promotion.
Footage of Hummelstown police Officer Lisa Mearkle shooting two bullets into David Kassick's back as he lay face down has not been made public. Her attorneys asked a judge on Friday to bar the distinct attorney from releasing the video. Mearkle, 36, claimed she shot Kassick in self-defense because she saw him reach into his jacket for a weapon. A preliminary hearing to determine if there is enough evidence to send the case to trial is scheduled for Monday.
Kaiden Shupe, eight, was allegedly bullied for more than a year by classmates. His mother Ashley Shupe claims he tried to choke himself and threw himself. She filed a police report when he came home with bruises on his head. Shupe is now suing Oakmont Elementary School in Dickson County.
Spotify analysed over 2.8 million users' playlists labelled'sleep' Thinking Out Loud features as the top song that people fall asleep to. Brit Award winner features an additional six times on the list.
Crystal McNaughton from Long Beach, California, filmed the moment her newborn son Paul started welling up to a rousing song from Glee. As the Lea Michele version of the track O Holy Night plays, a look of sadness spreads across the tiny infant's face.
Steven Gerrard will end his Liverpool career without a trophy. Liverpool were knocked out of the FA Cup by Aston Villa on Sunday. Gerrard will play his final game in England against Stoke City on May 24. Liverpool face Crystal Palace at Anfield on May 16 before a trip to Chelsea.
Doncaster and Fleetwood played out a goalless draw on Saturday. The media team faced a tough challenge compling the match highlights. So they made it short and sweet, just 27 seconds in fact with 14 seconds of match action.
Lionel Messi has scored 32 trebles for Barcelona in just 32 matches. The 27-year-old can't remember which balls he has taken home from each game. Messi will lead the line against PSG in the Champions League on Wednesday.
Manchester United and Manchester City stars dined out together at San Carlo restaurant on Sunday night. Angel di Maria, Pablo Zabaleta and Marcos Rojo were all present. Victor Valdes, Willy Caballero and Martin Demichelis were also in attendance. United lost 1-0 to Premier League leaders Chelsea on Saturday. City beat West Ham 2-0 at the Etihad Stadium earlier in the day.
The Queen had her fingers firmly crossed but luck was not on her side at Newbury. Capel Path finished third to Richard Hannon’s Desert Force in the Dubai Duty Free Full of Surprises Handicap. The Queen’s Hannon-trained two-year-old Ring of Truth made her debut in the five furlong Al Basti Equiworld Maiden Stakes.
Broadway Allotment Association moved from their old site to make way for a car park and five-a-side football pitches. Gardeners say the new site's soil is so poor they can't grow a bean and seedlings are rotting in the ground. They are demanding the council pays out compensation for the problems - which have seriously curtailed their growing season.
Mohammad Shatnawi scored an own goal for Jordanian club Al Faisaly. He kicked the ball over his head after making a good save. His team were 1-0 down against Al Whidat in the Amman Derby.
Jay Hart, 24, could be heard laughing on mobile phone footage of tryst. He was caught romping with mystery blonde after team's 4-1 defeat. Footballer was dismissed after sex clip was shared on social media. He has now begged for his girlfriend Bryony Hibbert's forgiveness.
David de Gea and Victor Valdes enjoyed a break in the sun on Tuesday. The Manchester United pair enjoyed a break at a theme park. Louis van Gaal's side beat rivals Manchester City on Sunday.
WARNING: GRAPHIC CONTENT. Christy Mack, 23, was left with 18 broken bones, a broken nose, a ruptured kidney, a ruptured liver, missing teeth, and a fractured rib in August last year. She fled her Las Vegas home to a neighbor's house after 'MMA fighter Jonathan Paul Koppenhaver burst in and brutally attacked her and a friend' She is still undergoing reparative dental work - while fighting to see Koppenhaver convicted of attempted murder.
Chris Robshaw and Camilla Kerslake shared a boating picture on Instagram. England captain has already talked to Andrew Strauss and Lawrence Dallaglio about the pressures of being in the spotlight in World Cup year. Robshaw: 'Being papped is not something we welcomed or wanted'
Fabio Borini enjoyed a day out at Go Ape in Delamere Forest Park on Tuesday. The Liverpool striker was pictured taking part in a climbing exercise. Borini came on as a second-half substitute against Newcastle on Monday.
Jack Wilshere took to Social Media to thank fans for their support. The England international returned from injury to captain the side. Wilshere hasn't featured for the Gunners first team since November.
Christian Eriksen has not scored for Tottenham since January. The Dane was pictured kissing girlfriend Sabrina Kvist in central London. Eriksen joined Spurs in the summer of 2013.
David Alaba has had his cast removed following knee ligament damage. The versatile star posted a video on Instagram of the cast being removed. Bayern Munich face Porto in the Champions League on Wednesday.
Photographer Marc Latremouille captured the moment a great grey owl swooped on a tiny rodent in snowy Ontario, Canada. The bird, which has a five-foot wingspan, stalked the rodent from snowy treetops before launching its attack. Its eyes never stray from its prey, making a somewhat inelegant landing in the snow before scooping up the mouse with its claws.
Three gunmen stormed the dark and gritty site where Corinthians' fan group Pavilhao 9 meets underneath a highway overpass. They ordered the victims to lie face down on the ground and shot seven in the head. An eighth man was shot but tried to escape, reached a gas station and was later taken to a nearby hospital where he died. Police say that the killings, that took place late on Saturday night, are not related to any football rivalry.
Sergio Aguero scored twice against Manchester United on Sunday. He has now scored 100 goals in 158 appearances for Manchester City. City risk losing their star man if they slip out of the top four. Real Madrid and Barcelona are both interested in signing Aguero.
Ankit Keshri died after suffering a cardiac arrest following on-field injury. The 20-year-old was playing in a club match in Kolkata. Sachin Tendulkar is among several stars to offer their condolences.
Inverness will play Falkirk in the William Hill Scottish Cup final. David Raven scored a last-gasp winner in the semi-final against Celtic. The 30-year-old described it as 'a dream come true'
Serafim Todorov is the last man to beat Floyd Mayweather. The Bulgarian lives on a £370-a-month hand out from the Bulgarian government. Todorov beat Mayweather in the featherweight division semi-finals at the 1996 Olympic Games in Atlanta.
Briony Ingerson posted a photo of herself and a friend in blackface on Instagram in April. She wrote that the costume was a light-hearted tribute to a friend who was working on Network Ten's 'I'm A Celebrity... Get Me Out Of Here!' It has since emerged that Fox Sports Australia posted an image of a man dressed in blackface, as part of a competition which asked viewers to dress up as their favourite sports star. On Tuesday the photo made headlines and Ingerson responded with a message on Twitter, insisting she had not meant any harm. 'Sorry if you're upset
Sam Schmidt drove a sports car on the Long Beach Grand Prix road course Sunday despite being paralyzed from the neck down. Schmidt took to the course about an hour before the Grand Prix and did nearly two laps around the 11-turn circuit in the modified Corvette. Schmidt reached a top speed of 80 mph at the track, which was less than what he reached at Indianapolis last spring.
Evacuation orders were lifted just before dawn for about 300 homes in an area along the border of the cities of Norco and Corona. By midday, fire officials said they had contained 25 per cent of the fire, which had grown to 1.5 square miles. The fire burned in the Prado Dam Flood Control Basin, where vegetation has not burned in decades.
A masked gunman who fired eight shots in a shopping mall remains on the run in Sydney's west hours after police started the manhunt. It is believed the incident took place shortly after 2pm, when the man fired a series of shots into the air outside before he fled the scene. A NSW Police spokeswoman told Daily Mail Australia an arrest is yet to be made.
Cincinnati woman Jacqueline Carr, 65, was killed when a tree smashed her vehicle. Due to the tree's size, police say investigating the cause of the accident may take longer than usual.
Islamic State have released a new set of disturbing propaganda photos. Show growing number of military markets in Iraq and Syria. Jihadists can be seen freely browsing through the market, dressed in military uniforms and carrying their weapons in holsters.
A lonely man has taken his search for love - or lust - online. 'Rich' who lives in Humpty Doo, Northern Territory, detailed his dream girl on Gumtree. The 31-year-old's advertisement included a list of requirements in his potential partner, and personal details about himself.
Kalimah Dixon said she was awakened by a neighbor yelling there was a fire early on Monday morning. She managed to get her children, aged one to 14, out safely. However, all that was left of her rented condo was a pile of rubble. Now Dixon is finding it difficult to get a lease while unemployed.
Jerald Christopher 'JC' Jackson, of Immokalee, Florida, entered an acquaintance's apartment Saturday with two men. Police said the 19-year-old cornerback left the apartment, and then one of the other men allegedly pulled out a gun. Police said they took two video game consoles, marijuana and $382 from the apartment's three residents.
Speculation rife as to what exactly is going on in the video. Rihanna quickly hit back to insist it was just a joint. In 2012 she found herself mired in controversy after posting a picture of herself 'cutting up' a white powered substance on the top of a man's head.
Jay Dasilva is better than any current Premier League left back, says Ian Wright. Dasilva was part of Chelsea's UEFA Youth League winning side. Chelsea beat Shakhtar Donetsk 3-2 in the final in Nyon, Switzerland. Wright also tipped Tammy Abraham, Charly Musonda and Charlie Colkett for bright futures in the game.
In a leaked Sony email Cameron Crowe mocks Bruce Jenner's alleged gender transition. This in an email conversation the director was having with former studio head Amy Pascal. This while discussing his upcoming film Aloha, which stars Emma Stone and Bradley Cooper. Jenner is set to discuss his transition in an upcoming inter with Diane Sawyer.
Jose Mourinho is planning a summer swoop for Atletico Madrid midfielder Koke. Chelsea technical director Michael Emenalo travelled to Spain on Saturday to watch the 23-year-old during Atletico's 2-1 victory against Deportivo. Mourinho is reportedly planning to offer second-choice left-back Filipe Luis to his former club as a makeweight in the deal.
Bayern Munich doctor Hans-Wilhelm Muller-Wohlfahrt quit this week. The 72-year-old had been at the Bundesliga champions for almost 40 years. The pair fell out over an injury to Philipp Lahm last year. Muller-Wohlfahrt quit in high dudgeon once before, after a fall-out with Jurgen Klinsmann.
Hans-Wilhelm Muller-Wohlfahrt quit Bayern Munich this week. The 72-year-old claimed medical staff had been blamed for defeat by Porto. Pep Guardiola has played down claims of a rift with the doctor. Muller-Wohlfahrt had worked at Bayern Munich for almost 40 years.
Talks have been held between the parties and an agreement is likely. Sportsmail understands an announcement could be made as early as Friday. Eddie Hearn, who promotes both men, told Sportsmail on Tuesday that Gavin was under ‘strong consideration’
Paul Smith will fight world super-middleweight champion Andre Ward. WBA have ordered their two champions – Ward'super,' Froch'regular' – to meet in a unification fight. Ward said he would make the away trip but only as far as London, not to Nottingham where Froch has long desired to box.
Aston Villa beat Liverpool 2-1 in the FA Cup semi-final at Wembley. Tim Sherwood's side face Arsenal in the final on May 30. Owner Randy Lerner is expected to attend the game.
Geoff Harris put his Port Melbourne home up for auction after splashing out $12 million on his new home in May last year. The buyers knocked out any other bidders with their fist bid and went on to seal the deal with their generous offer. Mr Harris bought the Melbourne home from Mirvac in 2006 for $3.75 million. Located just six houses down from the beach, the luxurious house is in one of Melbourne's most exclusive residences.
Izzy Brown was on the bench for Chelsea's Premier League clash on Sunday. But just hours later he was out in Nyon scoring twice and captaining his side in becoming champions. Brown scored twice in the 3-2 final win over Shakhtar Donetsk as Chelsea became the first English team to lift the Youth League trophy.
Villagers in Ansai, central China, dug a 46m well in order to get fresh drinking water. But when they pumped the water to the surface they found it was so polluted it could be set on fire. Locals say they could smell petrol coming from the well, and blame a leak from a local petrol station. But when Chinese officials investigated they found no trace of spillage.
Zinedine Zidane has revealed Real Madrid are monitoring Raheem Sterling. La Liga giants broke the world transfer record in August 2013 by signing Gareth Bale for £86million. Sterling has rejected Liverpool's most recent £100,000-a-week contract offer. Click here for more Liverpool news.
Denis Cuspert, 39, sings about planning attacks in Britain, Germany and France. He raps: 'Even if you’re in Europe, wage your jihad. Allah will reward you, put an end to the filthy ones. Oh Allah destroy them' The video contains footage of prisoners being beheaded and Jordanian pilot Moath al-Kasasbeh being burned alive.
Manchester United scouts are due to watch Mauro Icardi against Verona. The 22-year-old striker has admitted he is willing to move this summer. Icardi is the joint-third top scorer in Serie A this season with 15 goals.
Aston Villa came from behind to beat Liverpool 2-1 in the FA Cup semi-final. Christian Benteke and Fabian Delph scored for Tim Sherwood's side. Jack Grealish impressed on his first appearance at Wembley.
Gareth Bale limped off during Real Madrid's 3-1 win over Malaga. The Welsh forward lasted just a few minutes before limping off. Los Blancos are also without Luka Modric, who suffered a knee ligament strain.
Real Sociedad lost 1-0 to Elche in La Liga on Monday night. Jonathas scored the only goal of the game in the first half. The striker stole the ball from Markel Bergara and raced away unchallenged.
English Bulldog puppy named Hazel tries to get the better of a washing basket. The puppy lands on the basket's side, before rolling over and chewing it. Hazel is featured in a number of videos uploaded to YouTube and Instagram.
Jordan Rhodes has scored 70 goals in the last three seasons. Blackburn have so far resisted all bids for the striker. Nottingham Forest will make a renewed move for Rhodes.
Jay Hart, 24, could be heard laughing on the mobile phone footage. He was caught romping with the mystery blonde still in his club T-shirt. Substitute was dismissed after the sex clip was shared on social media. Clitheroe FC chairwoman said he had 'brought the club into disrepute'
Tayfun Korkut has been sacked by Hannover after a 13-match winless run. The club are now just one point above the Bundesliga's relegation zone. Michael Frontzek has been named as Korkut's successor. Frontzek worked as an assistant at Hannover from 2004 to 2005.
Manchester City Under 18s take on Chelsea in the FA Youth Cup Final. Manager Jason Wilcox wants to deliver local players to the first team. Wilcox could field a starting XI of players all born in Greater Manchester.
Lucas Matthysse won a majority decision against Ruslan Provodnikov. The Argentine landed the majority of the punches in the first round. Matthysse opened a cut near Provodnikov's left eye early in the second.
Derry Mathews won the interim WBA lightweight title in Liverpool. Mathews was handed a unanimous points decision over Tony Luis. Richar Abril and Ismael Barroso both pulled out of the fight.
Lukas Podolski is currently on loan at Inter Milan from Arsenal. The German forward says he wants to play for parent club next season. Podolski has failed to score in 12 appearances since arriving in Serie A.
Terence Crawford defeated Thomas Dulmorme in the sixth round. Crawford won the vacant WBO junior welterweight title. The fighter knocked down Dulorme three times in quick fashion.
Paddy Barnes and Michael Conlan are one win away from qualifying for the 2016 Olympic Games in Rio. The pair face their final bout in the World Series of Boxing in Maiquetia, northern Venezuela, on Saturday night. Barnes is an undefeated 6-0 and is bidding to become the first Irish boxer ever to reach a third Olympic Games.
Nicola Adams is hoping to retain her Olympic boxing crown in Rio. Natasha Jonas announced her retirement from the sport on April 7. Adams is preparing to return to the ring for the first time since London 2012.
Caroline Wozniacki congratulated Jordan Spieth on winning the Masters. The Danish tennis star was forced to defend herself on Twitter. Wozniacki and Rory McIlroy dated for more than two years.
Gael Monfils beat Roger Federer 6-4 7-6 at the Monte Carlo Masters. The world No 18 will face Grigor Dimitrov in the quarter-finals. Monfils hit 22 winners to Federer's 17.
Manny Pacquiao's trainer Freddie Roach says Floyd Mayweather cannot be considered the best pound-for-pound boxer ever. Roach rates super middleweight Andre Ward and middleweight sensation Gennady Golovkin ahead of Mayweather. The Filipino is in the best shape of his life ahead of the May 2 showdown.
Jordan Spieth beat Justin Rose and Phil Mickelson to win The Masters. The 21-year-old set a number of Augusta records on his way to victory. Jack Nicklaus said it is time for the 'young guys to take over' Rory McIlroy and Spieth have a combined age of 46.
Roger Federer defeated Jeremy Chardy 6-2, 6-1 in Monte Carlo. The match was Federer's first since the Indian Wells final in March. The 17-time major champion takes on Gael Monfils for a place in the quarter-finals.
Billy Vunipola was cited for striking Leicester's Matehw Tait with his head. The England No 8 was cleared of intentionally headbutting Tait. Vunipola is free to face Clermont Auvergne in Saturday's semi-final.
James Anderson broke Sir Ian Botham's record for most Test wickets. Anderson claimed his 384th Test scalp in Antigua on Friday. The 32-year-old believes he can still improve as a bowler.
Lewis Hamilton and Nico Rosberg left Shanghai arguing over the rights and wrongs of how they raced. The Mercedes men left Shanghai after the Chinese Grand Prix arguing over the rights and wrongs of how they raced. Hamilton, speaking ahead of Sunday's race in Bahrain, adopted an air of cool disdain for any psychological battles.
Many Clouds won the 2015 Grand National at Aintree. Mike Tindall's horse Monbeg Dude finished third. Tindall was beaming from ear-to-ear having just seen Monbeg Dude run his heart out.
Kevin Pietersen has not played for England since the fifth Test in Sydney. The 34-year-old has not played for his country since he was unceremoniously sacked 14 months ago. Former England star Pietersen has signed for Surrey with the intent of scoring the runs which would earn him a recall.
Lord's plans to replace 'tired' Tavern and Allen stands with new structure. The aim is to increase the overall capacity of Lord's to almost 30,000. The 'Masterplan', which has a projected budget of £80million, should be ready for the World Cup and Ashes.
Billy Vunipola was cited for an alleged butt on Leicester's Mathew Tait. The 22-year-old faces an RFU disciplinary panel on Tuesday afternoon. Toulon are plotting a move for Australia fly-half Quade Cooper.
Siobhan-Marie O'Connor won gold in the 200 metres individual medley at the British Championships. The 19-year-old's time of two minutes 09:51 seconds was the fastest recorded in the world this year. Hannah Miley took the silver medal with a time of 2:11:65 and Aimee Willmott claimed bronze in 2:13:30.
Mauricio Pochettino's Tottenham travel to Newcastle on Sunday. Spurs boss is unsure whether a planned boycott by Newcastle fans will prove a help or hindrance to his side this weekend. Some supporters plan to boycott the televised game in protest against owner Mike Ashley.
Harry Redknapp resigned as Queens Park Rangers manager in February. The 68-year-old says he would consider a return to management if it was at the right club. Redknapp turned down a'mind-blowing' offer to coach abroad.
Celtic face Inverness at Hampden Park in the Scottish Cup on Sunday. The match will kick-off at 12:15, a time that Scottish football fans do not agree with. Ronny Deila believes that teams should have more of a say on kick-off times.
Karim Benzema set to miss Real Madrid's clash against Atletico Madrid. Gareth Bale and Luka Modric also likely to miss Wednesday's game. Barcelona coach Luis Enrique named best in history in first 50 games. Tuttosport celebrate Juventus' march towards the Serie A title.
Toni Duggan posted a picture of her with Louis van Gaal on Instagram. The Manchester City forward issued an apology on her Facebook page. Duggan received a number of abusive messages on social media for the photo.
Charlie Austin has scored 17 goals for QPR this season. The striker is being monitored by England boss Roy Hodgson. Austin is in contention to face Republic of Ireland and Slovenia.
Nathaniel Clyne has attracted the attention of Manchester United. The England right back is out of contract next summer. Ronald Koeman wants Clyne to stay at St Mary's next season.
Chelsea and England forward Eniola Aluko has been nominated for the PFA Women's Player of the Year award. Manchester City defender Lucy Bronze is the current holder of the Women's PFA Players' Player of the Year award. Karen Carney was the first woman to be inducted into the club's Hall of Fame.
Celtic's Treble dream died on Sunday with their semi-final defeat by Inverness. A blatant Josh Meekings handball in the box was missed by referee Steven McLean at the end of the first half. Inverness fought back and eventually emerged victorious following a pulsating period of extra-time.
Inverness beat Celtic 3-2 in a Scottish Cup semi-final thriller. Caley's David Raven scored the winner in extra-time. Inverness will face Falkirk in the final at Hampden next month.
Derby County can make sure of a play-off place with victory against Huddersfield. Bristol City boss Steve Cotterill will get his hands on the League One trophy with victory against Coventry. Burton will be promoted with a win at Morecambe if Wycombe fail to win at AFC Wimbledon or Bury lose at Portsmouth.
Bournemouth are closing in on their first-ever promotion to the Premier League. Eddie Howe has called on supporters to inspire his side. Watford boss Slavisa Jokanovic is not looking beyond Birmingham.
Nathaniel Clyne has been linked with a move away from Southampton. The England right back has been in impressive form this season. Clyne admits he wants to play Champions League football.
Morgan Schneiderlin, Yannick Bolasie and Nathaniel Clyne are all wanted. Burnley's Danny Ings and Crystal Palace's Yannick Bolasie are also targets. West Ham's Aaron Cresswell and QPR's Charlie Austin are also on the list.
Ryan Mason made his England debut against Italy on Tuesday night. The Tottenham Hotspur midfielder was celebrating Andros Townsend's goal. Mason's arm was shown with a tattoo of his face on television. The tattoo has since been retweeted more than 20,000 times.
Mirco Antenucci, Giuseppe Bellusci, Dario Del Fabro, Marco Silvestri, Souleymane Doukara and Edgar Cani withdrew from the squad. Leeds released a statement on Sunday evening looking to draw a line under the controversy which read: 'Leeds United Football Club wants to clarify that during the days leading up to the away Championship fixture at Charlton Athletic on Saturday 17 that six first-team players suffered injuries' Massimo Cellino has now distanced himself from any possible conspiracy theory.
Jose Mourinho is on the verge of winning his third Premier League title. Former Chelsea defender Paulo Ferreira expects Mourinho to remain at Stamford Bridge for a long, long time. Ferreira also hopes Didier Drogba stays at the club this summer.
Manchester City have been linked with Danny Rose and Aaron Cresswell. The club must have eight homegrown players if you fill your squad of 25. In the Premier League, you must have eight homegrown players if you fill your squad of 25. The Champions League squads of 25 also require eight players to have been trained in England.
Liverpool face Aston Villa in the FA Cup semi-final on Sunday. Raheem Sterling has been heavily linked with a £50million move to City. Brendan Rodgers says a move to City would not be step up for Sterling.
Preston were held to a 2-2 draw by Gillingham at Deepdale. MK Dons closed the gap on Simon Grayson's men to three points. Swindon remain in the automatic promotion hunt too following a 4-2 win at Rochdale. Chesterfield strengthened their grip on the final play-off spot by hammering Colchester 6-0.
Danny Rose has been one of Tottenham's standout performers this season. Manchester City are interested in bringing him to the Etihad Stadium. Tottenham do not want to help their rivals in the transfer market.
West Ham signed Aaron Cresswell from Ipswich for £2m in July 2014. John Stones signed for Everton from Barnsley for £3m in January 2013. Leonardo Ulloa joined Leicester for £8m from Brighton in July 2014. Nathaniel Clyne signed for Southampton for £2.15m in July 2012.
Liverpool lost 2-1 to Aston Villa in the FA Cup semi-final at Wembley. Steven Gerrard was handed a starting role by manager Brendan Rodgers. The match would have been the midfielder's final game in a Liverpool shirt.
Wojciech Szczesny says he feels sorry for Reading goalkeeper Adam Federici. Arsenal beat Reading 2-1 after extra-time in the FA Cup semi-final. Federici allowed Alexis Sanchez's driven shot to slip through his hands.
Malky Mackay was sacked as manager of Wigan Athletic on Monday. Sportsmail revealed in August Mackay was being investigated over'sexist, racism and homophobic' texts exchanged with his former Cardiff City colleague Iain Moody. Dave Whelan appointed Mackay as manager of Wigan in November 2014 despite the warnings. Wigan are eight points from safety with only five games remaining.
Tony McCoy is guaranteed a roaring send-off at Aintree this week. The greatest ever jump jockey is riding in his 20th Grand National. McCoy won the Grand National on Don't Push It in 2010.
Wojciech Szczesny hasn't played a Premier League game since the 2-0 defeat to Southampton on New Year's Day. David Ospina has won 11 of his 12 starts for Arsenal since joining last summer. The Colombian boasts the highest win ratio of any Premier League player to make more than 10 appearances. Szczesny is expected to start in goal for Arsenal in their FA Cup semi-final against Reading at Wembley on Saturday.
Over 45,000 racegoers have descended on Aintree for the build-up to Saturday's Crabbies Grand National. Seven races make up the day with Saphir Du Rheu winning the Betfred Maghull Novices' Chase.
Barcelona's Lionel Messi and Real Madrid's Cristiano Ronaldo could play together in a proposed UEFA All-Star match. Mundo Deportivo report that a marketing company has approached UEFA about the annual fixture. It would be inspired by the NBA All-Star Game between the Western and Eastern conferences.
PSG host Barcelona in the Champions League on Wednesday night. Lionel Messi has scored 45 goals in 44 games for Barcelona this season. PSG manager Laurent Blanc has described Messi as 'unstoppable'
Lionel Messi says he is happy again after a disappointing 2014. Messi's Barcelona lost the La Liga title to Atletico Madrid and were knocked out of the Champions League in the quarter-finals by PSG. Messi's personal goal tally's at 45 from 44 games ahead of PSG.
Aston Villa host Liverpool in the FA Cup semi-final on Sunday. Randy Lerner is expected to make a rare appearance at Wembley. The American has hardly seen Villa play in person in recent years. Lerner has been publicly trying to sell the club since last May.
Christian Benteke gave Aston Villa the lead against Tottenham at White Hart Lane on Saturday. Benteke has now scored six goals in eight games for Villa this season. Tottenham's Nabil Bentaleb was sent off for a second bookable offence in the second half.
Paul Gascoigne scored the goal of his career 24 years ago today. He scored a 35-yard free-kick against Arsenal in the FA Cup semi-final. Commentator Barry Davies called it 'one of the finest free-kicks'
Manchester City lead Liverpool by four points in the race for the top four. The last meaningful race among the top teams is between Liverpool and City. Liverpool have had their own problems this season but the nitrous balloon has not burst. Yaya Toure and Samir Nasri are free to leave the Etihad in the summer.
Christian Benteke scored the only goal of the game in the 35th minute at White Hart Lane. The Belgian striker's run of seven goals in five games had given Villa's survival hopes a shot in the arm. Villa midfielder Carlos Sanchez was sent off for committing a second bookable offence in the final exchanges.
Harry Redknapp was at the Emirates to watch Arsenal beat Liverpool 4-1. Redknapp claims he was verbally abused and attacked with coins. The former Tottenham boss is currently out of work after leaving QPR.
Arsenal face Reading in the FA Cup semi-finals on Saturday. Alexis Sanchez has scored 20 goals in all competitions this season. Frank McLintock made 403 appearances for Arsenal between 1964 and 1973.
Arjen Robben, Franck Ribery, Bastian Schweinsteiger and David Alaba are all out injured for Bayern Munich. Thomas Muller believes the squad's sense of unity is stronger. Pep Guardiola's side take on Porto in the Champions League on Wednesday.
Michael Carrick says he wants to be an F1 driver when his playing days are over. The Manchester United midfielder is not planning to hang up his boots any time soon. The 34-year-old admits moving to London as a 15-year-old was one of the biggest challenges he ever faced. Carrick says he is as fit as ever, and wants to emulate Ryan Giggs.
Jack Wilshere made his long-awaited comeback from injury for Arsenal U21s. The England midfielder was joined by Serge Gnabry and Abou Diaby. Reading's Niall Keown scored the winner after eight minutes at the Emirates.
Serge Gnabry has not featured for Arsenal since March last year. The 19-year-old has been hampered by a serious knee injury. He played 90 minutes for Arsenal Under 21s against Reading on Monday.
Arsene Wenger admits he could not have predicted Arsenal's current run. The Gunners have won eight in a row in the Premier League. Arsenal have won 16 of their last 18 games in all competitions. The Gunners face Reading in the FA Cup semi-final this weekend.
Raheem Sterling has revealed that he wants Liverpool fans to sing his name. The 20-year-old is stalling on a new £100,000-a-week contract. Sterling has been linked with a number of Europe's top clubs.
Liverpool have slipped out of the top four and are out of the Champions League. Newcastle are nine points clear of the relegation zone. John Carver's side face Brendan Rodgers' side on Monday night.
Exeter prop Tomas Francis impressed up against Northampton's Alex Corbisiero. The 22 year-old, who qualifies for England and Wales, is yet to pledge his international allegiance. His display could prompt a tug-of-war between Stuart Lancaster and Warren Gatland.
David 'Flats' Flatman has been touring Rugby World Cup venues. The former England prop says the buzz around the game is palpable. Flatman believes the World Cup will bring in new fans for the sport.
Sale Sharks winger Tom Arscott scored a brace of tries for Sale. Mike Haley claimed the other with Danny Cipriani kicking two penalties and a conversion. Irish scored three tries through Alex Lewington (two) and Andrew Fenby.
Liverpool face Newcastle at Anfield in the Premier League on Monday. Brendan Rodgers has confirmed Jordan Ibe will be in his squad. The 19-year-old has been out for six weeks with knee ligament damage. Mario Balotelli remains sidelined with illness and will miss the game.
Raheem Sterling is stalling on a new £100,000-a-week contract at Liverpool. The 20-year-old has been linked with a number of Europe's top clubs. Daniel Sturridge believes Sterling will only be happy if he plays regularly.
Atletico Madrid face Real Madrid in the Champions League last eight. The two sides have met five times in European competition. Carlo Ancelotti will have to accommodate Cristiano Ronaldo, Gareth Bale and Karim Benzema. Diego Simeone has won the league and cup in Spain, and the European and Spanish Super Cups along with the Europa League.
Porto take on Bayern Munich in the Champions League on Wednesday. Pep Guardiola has praised his former Barcelona team-mate Julen Lopetegui for the brand of football he has brought to the Portuguese. Leading scorer Jackson Martinez is back in the squad for the first leg.
Philippe Coutinho starred for Liverpool in their 2-0 win against Newcastle. Jamie Carragher believes Coutinho is now Liverpool's go-to guy. Liverpool sold Luis Suarez to Barcelona for £75million during the summer.
Marouane Fellaini has emerged as a key player for Manchester United. But Jamie Carragher believes Jose Mourinho will have a plan to stop him. He believes Mourinho will bring Kurt Zouma into his midfield to stop Fellaini. Carragher and Gary Neville were speaking on Monday Night Football. Click here for all the latest Chelsea news.
Marouane Fellaini has enjoyed an upturn in fortunes at Manchester United. The Belgian has been in fine form in recent weeks. Louis van Gaal has hailed him as one of the best in the world at the moment.
Mario Balotelli is set to leave Liverpool at the end of the season. The Italian striker has only scored once in the Premier League. Sampdoria president Massimo Ferrero says Balotelli has lost his hunger.
Mick McCarthy's Ipswich were denied three points as rivals Wolves fought back to draw 1-1 at Molineux. Benik Afobe's 31st goal of the season cancelled out an own goal from Tommy Smith. McCarthy was sacked by Wolves in February 2012 after almost six years in charge of the club.
More than 400 extra officers drafted in by British Transport Police. Rivals Manchester United, Liverpool and Leeds United all in London this weekend. Officers will be stationed on trains travelling from the north and the Midlands.
Nigel Pearson has called for realism in Leicester's survival bid. The Foxes have won back-to-back games in the Premier League. Burnley boss Sean Dyche is not looking at form ahead of Everton clash.
Emile Heskey and Eidur Gudjohnsen joined Bolton on short-term deals in December. The pair have helped Neil Lennon's side steer clear of relegation. Goalkeeper Adam Bogdan has also been rewarded with a new deal.
Paul McGowan was handed his third conviction last week for assaulting a police officer. Dundee boss Paul Hartley fears playing the troubled midfielder could see him break his police curfew and end up in prison. McGowan has been fitted with an electronic tag on his ankle.
Barcelona face Paris Saint-Germain in the Champions League on Wednesday. Luis Enrique and Laurent Blanc were both in the Barcelona team that won the Spanish Super Cup under Bobby Robson in 1996. Albert Ferrer, Abelardo Fernandez, Juan Antonio Pizzi and Sergi Barjuan all went on to coach in Spain.
Sean Bowen maintained his three-winner lead (45-42) over Cheltenham Gold Cup winner Nico de Boinville. Bowen scored on Abidjan at Newton Abbot while De Boinville victorious on One Lucky Lady at Kempton.
West Ham United boss Sam Allardyce believes Manuel Pellegrini has the most difficult job in football. The Manchester City manager has come under fire following their title race capitulation. UEFA imposed a £49million fine on City as well as restrictions on their squad and transfer spending after they failed to comply with the new FFP rules.
Lyon are back at the top of Ligue 1 after securing a 2-2 draw with Saint-Etienne. Nolan Roux and Adama Traore scored as Lille beat Bordeaux 2-0. Montpellier defeated Caen 1-0 to go seventh in the table.
Dairon Asprilla scored in the 79th minute to lift the Portland Timbers past New York City FC. City have now won just one of their seven games and lie seventh, five points behind the Red Bulls. New England Revolution beat Philadelphia Union 2-1 in Major League Soccer.
Randy Lerner was expected to attend the FA Cup semi-final. Aston Villa owner has been trying to sell the club since last May. Tim Sherwood says he hasn't spoken to Lerner yet. Click here for more Aston Villa news.
Fenerbahce's bus came under armed attack as it drove to the airport. The club demanded that football be suspended until the incident was dealt with and the perpetrators punished. The Turkish Football Federation (TFF) announced a one-week suspension on Monday following a meeting with sports minister Akif Cagatay Kilic.
Manny Pacquiao will fight Floyd Mayweather in Las Vegas on May 2. The Filipino shared a video of his morning jog on Wednesday. Mayweather then posted a video showing him hitting the streets for a late night jog.
Ken Doherty trails Mark Davis 8-1 after the first session of their third-round qualifier at Forge Ponds in Sheffield. The 45-year-old faces an uphill battle to avoid becoming the third Crucible winner to crash out this week. Graeme Dott must come from behind on Wednesday to book his place in the main draw.
Ronnie O'Sullivan will face 32-year-old debutant Craig Steadman. Defending champion Mark Selby will play Kurt Maflin on Saturday. The tournament runs from April 18 until May 4.
Manny Pacquiao will take on Floyd Mayweather Jnr in Las Vegas on May 2. The Filipino-fighter took to the mountains to continue his training regime. The 36-year-old was joined by fans as he tested his fitness against the steepness of mountain roads.
Ronnie O'Sullivan is currently fifth in the world rankings. The 39-year-old has won five World Championship titles. O'Sullivan reveals what goes through his mind while waiting for his next shot.
Manchester City were beaten 4-2 by rivals Manchester United on Sunday. Joe Hart was disappointed with his side's display at Old Trafford. City are now four points behind United and 12 behind Chelsea.
Manchester City lost 4-2 to Manchester United in the derby on Sunday. It was City's sixth defeat in eight games in all competitions. Manuel Pellegrini's side are now 12 points behind leaders Chelsea.
Footage captured the moment a bull shark swam past a Florida home. Homeowners say fishermen have been luring the predators with bait. They are now calling for fishing to be banned in the area. Bull sharks are considered among the deadliest in the world.
Louis van Gaal's team sit top of the pile with an average of two points per game after 10 matches. Chelsea (1.56) and City (1.5) sit second and third respectively. Manchester United ended a run of four consecutive derby defeats.
Manchester United beat City 4-2 in the derby at Old Trafford on Sunday. United are now four points ahead of City in the Premier League table. City had beaten United four consecutive times going into the derby.
Vanessa Moe's debut showing at Mercedes Benz Fashion Week Australia was outshone by her distracting choice of headwear for the models. A selection of models charged down the runway in masks and headpieces that looked remarkably like sheets of plastic blowing against their faces.
Scott Quigg made £1.5m offer to Carl Frampton via Eddie Hearn. Talks between the pair had stalled earlier in the week. Frampton has branded the gesture as a 'publicity stunt'
Eathan Cruse, 19, was one of five men taken into custody after anti-terror raids in Melbourne on Saturday. He said officers assaulted him after he had been handcuffed. Eathan's father, Glen, also said he was brutally attacked by police. Victoria Police confirmed a complaint had been made in regards to the treatment of Eathan.
Alan Stubbs did not know what to make of Peter Houston's comments. Falkirk manager accused Hibs of being weak-willed tippy-tap merchants. Falkirk beat Hibs 1-0 in Scottish Cup semi-final at Hampden Park.
Andy Lee was due to fight Peter Quillin in New York on Saturday night. The Irishman was hoping to make his first defence of the WBO middleweight title he won against Matt Korobov last year. Quillin failed to make the 160lb weight and the fight is off. Billy Joe Saunders is the mandatory challenger for Lee's world title.
Josh Warrington has been billed as the next Ricky Hatton due to his impressive fan base and close to 10,000 packed into the First Direct Arena. The 24-year-old has been billed as the next Ricky Hatton due to his impressive fan base. Warrington admitted he was bored by the end of his fight against Dennis Tubieron.
Jana Pittman is believed to have given birth to her second child, a daughter named Emily, on Monday. The 32-year-old hurdler was filmed training while eight months pregnant. She used an anonymous sperm donor to conceive her second child. Pittman plans to compete in both the Beijing World Championships and the 2016 Rio Olympics.
Lilly Pulitzer's lower-priced collection for Target sold out almost immediately online and in stores. Resale prices on eBay spiked up to ten times the retail price.
Fiorentina lost 1-0 at home to Hellas Verona in Serie A. Mounir Obbadi scored a late winner for the home side. Alessandro Diamanti missed a second-half penalty for Fiorentina.
Chelsea, Arsenal and Manchester City were eliminated at the last 16 stage. Everton were dumped out of the Europa League in the previous round. Atletico Madrid take on Real Madrid in the Champions League on Wednesday. Diego Simeone believes Spain is still home to the two best teams in Europe.
Grayson Hand, who is battling leukemia, joins the Huskies with the help of Team IMPACT, an organization that matches children with life-threatening and chronic illness to college sports teams. Hand will have his own locker and can attend as many games and practices as he likes. Hand's sister Sophie, 7, was also taken on as an honorary cheereleader.
It's been a longtime tradition for the Conga to play during Memphis Grizzlies games with cartoon bongos appearing on the giant court TV screen. At a recent game, the basketball-loving attorney was filmed unleashing her percussion skills. Last year she was named NBA TV's Fan of the Year for her numerous air bongo performances.
Shop will stock 'Islamically approved' adult items, it has been revealed. It is due to open in Mecca in Saudi Arabia after the idea was approved by clerics. Moroccan Muslim Abdelaziz Aouragh revealed how a cleric had told him such a venture would encourage 'the improvement of the sexual relationship between husband and wife'
FC United of Manchester beat Stourbridge 1-0 to win Evo-Stik North title. Greg Daniels scored the only goal of the game in the 69th minute. The club set up in protest at the Glazer family's takeover of Manchester United are now two promotions away from the Football League.
Nikki and Kyle Kuchenbecker from Illinois went about perfecting a routine to the toe-tapping pop song, Classic by MKTO. Video footage shows them getting into the groove with an attentive audience watching on.
The 53-second video, posted on YouTube, features footage of the unnamed woman recording an incident involving multiple officers in South Gate. About 25 seconds into the clip, the woman is approached by a tall man strapped with a riffle who suddenly lunges at her. Following a brief struggle the man - later identified as a deputy U.S. Marshal - grabs her cell phone, throws it to the ground and then kicks it away in a fit of rage. South Gate Police Chief Randy Davis has confirmed that the man is with the U.S. Marshals. A spokesperson for the U.S. Marshals
Luke Tingey scored a 40-yard free-kick for MK Dons Under-18s last month. Kyran Wiltshire was included in Karl Robinson's first-team squad for friendlies last pre-season. Manchester United are looking to bring in some talented youngsters.
Footage shows the skater confidently sailing down a concrete slope in Santa Monica, Los Angeles, before he loses balance and falls headfirst. For a short moment he scrapes along the ground on his stomach. He then rolls over several times. Finally he comes to a stop and as he lies on his side, he clutches his head in pain.
Paul Clement is a leading candidate to replace Steve McClaren at Derby. Clement is currently a Real Madrid coach and works next to Carlo Ancelotti. McClaren's future will be decided at the end of the season.
Gianluigi Buffon has played for Juventus for the last 20 years. The Italian has won seven Scudettos and the Champions League twice. Buffon has picked his all-time Champions League team.
Real Madrid face Atletico Madrid in the Champions League on Wednesday. Carlo Ancelotti's side haven't beaten Atleti since last season's final. Los Blancos have lost four of their last seven games against Atleti.
Atletico Madrid host Real Madrid in the Champions League on Wednesday. Diego Simeone is hoping to lead Atletico to second successive Champions League final. Simeone's side have never lost to Real Madrid in 14 attempts.
Joe Gomez is one of the most wanted young players in the country. The England Under-19 defender is valued at £8m by Charlton. Manchester City lost 3-1 to Chelsea in the first leg of the FA Youth Cup final.
Martina Hingis will face Agnieszka Radwanksa in the Fed Cup on Saturday. It will be the Swiss star's first singles match since 2007. Hingis won all five of her Grand Slam titles by the age of 18. The 34-year-old was ranked No 1 in the world for 209 weeks in her prime.
Patrice Evra says Sir Alex Ferguson told him he could be a great manager. The Frenchman enjoyed eight years at Manchester United. Evra is now at Juventus after leaving Old Trafford on a free transfer.
Arsenal face Reading in the FA Cup semi-finals on Saturday. The Gunners beat Hull 3-2 in last year's final at Wembley. The trophy was on show at Alton Towers theme park in Staffordshire.
Football Shirt Friday is in support of The Bobby Moore Fund for Cancer Research UK. Fans were asked to unite against bowel cancer by donning a football shirt – old or new – in memory of 1966 World Cup-winning captain Bobby Moore. Moore died from bowel and liver cancer on February 4, 1993, at the age of 51.
Wellington Silva signed for Arsenal in January 2011 for £3.5million. He has had to wait four years for work permit issues to be resolved. The Brazilian has now been granted Spanish nationality. He can now link-up with Arsene Wenger for pre-season and the 2015-16 campaign.
Atletico Madrid lost 1-0 to Real Madrid in the Champions League on Tuesday. Mario Mandzukic came to blows with Sergio Ramos and Dani Carvajal. He committed seven fouls, compared to 11 in total by Real Madrid. Mandzukic, despite failing to conjure a chance on Tuesday night, is a natural striker. No sooner had Fernando Torres left in 2007 for Liverpool than El Nino was replaced at Vicente Caldero.
Jan Oblak kept a clean sheet for Atletico Madrid against Real Madrid. The 22-year-old was already Slovenia's number one goalkeeper. Oblak cost 16million (£11.5m) and that is a La Liga record for a goalkeeper.
Real Madrid host city rivals Atletico in the Champions League on Wednesday. Javier Hernandez is set to start up front for Carlo Ancelotti's side. Barcelona face Paris Saint-Germain at the Nou Camp on Tuesday night. Juventus take on Monaco in the second leg of their quarter-final tie.
Jurgen Klopp will leave Borussia Dortmund at the end of the season. The 47-year-old announced his departure at a press conference on Wednesday. Klopp has been linked with a number of leading clubs around Europe.
Wilfried Zaha poses for close-up shots as EA Sports begin work on FIFA 16. The Crystal Palace winger posted the photo on Instagram on Wednesday. Zaha has been in fine form since making his permanent move to Selhurst Park.
Ivan Novoseltsev proposed to Katerina Keyru after FC Rostov beat Torpedo Moscow 1-0 on Monday night. Novoseltsev got down on one knee as his team-mates watched on. The 23-year-old presented his bride-to-be with a huge bouquet of flowers.
This year's Vivid Festival will feature a maze of lights designed to trick the eyes and boggle the mind. Customs House in Jacarandas, a translucent pop up bar in Martin Place, and glowing swings with the Sydney Harbour Bridge will also be on display. Exhibits will still be found at Circular Quay, The Rocks, Darling Harbour, Pyrmont and Martin Place.
Philipp Lahm is contracted until 2018 at Bayern Munich. Xabi Alonso and Bastian Schweinsteiger are also approaching the latter stages of their careers. Bayern sporting director Matthias Sammer believes his side must start focusing on the future in order to cope without the likes of Lahm and Alonso.
Brazilian Ze Maria was sacked by Romanian side Ceahlaul Piatra Neamt on Wednesday. The 41-year-old was reinstated the next day after owner Angelo Massone decided to 'give the coaching staff another chance' Ze Maria replaced Florin Marin in January to become Ceahlaul's third coach this season.
Barcelona host Paris Saint-Germain at the Nou Camp on Tuesday night. Zlatan Ibrahimovic will lead the line for PSG against his old club. The Swede has played for Ajax, Juventus, Barcelona and Inter Milan. Ibrahimovic recently called France a's**t country'
Benik Afobe has scored 31 goals for Wolves and MK Dons this season. The former Arsenal man is just one behind Harry Kane in the scoring charts. The 22-year-old says he feels 'unstoppable' at the moment.
90-second clip was filmed by a witness in an indoor area restricted to workers at King Khalid International Airport in Riyadh. It shows two male employees in blue uniforms recklessly hurling large suitcases onto the belt and against a wall. For nearly two minutes the men are filmed throwing or flinging several suitcases without care.
Roger Lohse was about to finish reporting on a fire in Miami-Dade. His cameraman pointed out the rescue to him, and he went to investigate. Firefighters said the kitten had been hiding in an empty Modelo beer box.
Piano was created for an 'influential Sheikh' in Doha, Qatar. Cambridge-based Goldfinch piano maker took six months to build. Artist Lauren Baker added the half a million crystals by hand.
Visitors to Young Entrepreneur Awards page were directed to porn site. Porn site took over address after awards were scrapped in 2011. Site's URL would usually connect to a third-party website.
Jesper Blomqvist played for Manchester United during the treble winning season of 1998-99. He was a key cog in Sir Alex Ferguson's side winning the league, FA Cup and Champions League under the guidance of the Scot. Blomqvist had to fight his way back from three operations and two gruelling years of rehab. The 41-year-old now helps his brother lecture people on how to handle setbacks using his previous experiences.
A hoax video showing a wave rider surfing in front of the Sydney's Opera House has gone viral for the second time. The video was uploaded to Twitter on Tuesday morning by popular Sydney radio duo Fitzy and Wippa. Some users have referenced the weather as the trigger of the strange phenomenon, with musician Fortafy uploading the video with the following caption:'storm brings out surfers in Sydney Harbour'
The 37-year-old was at the Laureus World Sports Awards in Monte Carlo. She presented Novak Djokovic with the Sportsman of the Year prize. Other guests included Henry Cavill and Benedict Cumberbatch.
Lihi Yona filmed the black pup enthusiastically jumping around in time to the squirts of water. Each time the water sprays, the canine flies through the air.
Taylor Lynn Fast, 21, told police 17-month-old Layla was bitten by a spider. Paramedics found Layla beaten to death at her home in Festus, Missouri. Three-year-old boy also found at Fast's house with severe injuries.
Giorgio Armani, 80, admitted in an interview that he disapproved of women with breast enlargements and men who work out too much. The Milan-born designer emphasised his appreciation of a 'healthy' look. He also declared that a homosexual man doesn't need to dress in a camp manner.
Paris Saint-Germain face Barcelona in the Champions League on Tuesday. PSG lost the first leg 3-1 at home but Zidane is confident they can progress. Zlatan Ibrahimovic and Marco Verratti return from suspension.
Former England footballer is selling a multi-million pound property. Speculation he wants to dodge Labour’s mansion tax if the party wins. Campbell has even threatened to leave the country if the tax comes into force.
Porto take on Bayern Munich in the Champions League on Tuesday. The Portuguese side lead 3-1 from the first leg in Portugal. Manager Julen Lopetegui believes his side will have to hit top form to progress.
Corporal James Bass of North Carolina sneaking up behind his son Joshua as he strikes a formal pose in front of a scenic backdrop. Then, as the photographer shows the finished photo he took, he spots his father pulling a goofy jazz hands pose in the background and turns around to see him standing there. 'Daddy!' Joshua exclaims as he runs towards his father and gives him a big hug.
Black bears spotted in Government Hill area of Anchorage several days in a row. Nosing through overturned receptacles and putting neighborhood on alert. Alaska's Department of Fish and Game said killing family was the only option.
Paranormal investigator Jayne Harris said she has received an influx of messages from people describing chest pains, nausea and crippling headaches. Some reported flashing visions of'mental institutions and treatment bordering on abuse' and overwhelming feelings of anxiety. One woman, who wishes to remain anonymous, even suffered an alleged heart attack after watching a video of Mrs Harris and Peggy in a car together.
Salford City clinched Evo-Stik League First Division North title on Tuesday. Title rivals Darlington 1883 could only draw 1-1 with Warrington Town. Salford won the title on 92 points, meaning they didn't need to kick a ball. The Class of '92 bought into the club last year and have had instant success.
The Football Association have withdrawn from the Victory Shield. England are the most successful country in the tournament's history. But the FA believe the competition does not suit the needs of young players. Gareth Southgate, the FA's head of national teams, put decision down to player development.
Visitors will be able to travel through time when One World Trade Center opens next month. As they ascend to the 102nd floor observatory, they will see an incredible time lapse video of the growth of Lower Manhattan from the 1500s to the present day.
Joshua Finbow, 23, Simon Radford, 31, Craig Stoner, 24, and Darren Smalley, 35, appeared in court in Dartmouth, Nova Scotia. They were ordered to surrender their passports and live at nearby Stadacona naval base in Halifax. The four are charged with sexual assault causing bodily harm and group sexual assault.
Jay Hart, 24, could be heard laughing on mobile phone footage of tryst. He was caught romping with mystery blonde in his club T-shirt. Footballer was dismissed after the sex clip was shared on social media. He has now begged for his girlfriend Bryony Hibbert's forgiveness.
Southend United move up to fourth in the League Two table. Phil Brown's side beat Bury 1-0 on Tuesday night. David Worrall scored the only goal of the game in the 74th minute.
MK Dons beat Doncaster 3-0 to stay in touch with Preston. Preston beat Notts County 3-1 to stay a point behind MK Dons. Rochdale kept their faint play-off hopes alive with a 1-0 win over Leyton Orient.
A rescue Sato named Bonnie is so afraid that she will be abandoned again that she can't bear to eat alone. Bonnie was rescued from Puerto Rico and is a Sato, which means mixed breed or street dog.
Kolo Toure admitted Steven Gerrard was'sad' after Liverpool's FA Cup defeat. The defender said the team wanted to win for the fans at Wembley. Liverpool lost 2-1 to Aston Villa in the FA Cup semi-final on Saturday.
Arsene Wenger was confronted by a fan at St Mary's on New Year's Day. The 25-year-old jumped over a barrier and ran onto the pitch. He shrugged his shoulders at the Arsenal manager before running to the dugout. Wenger said he thought the fan was from the Southampton end. The father-of-two has been banned from going to games for three years.
Chelsea beat Manchester United 1-0 at Stamford Bridge on Saturday. Didier Drogba has withdrawn from Monday's 'Match against Poverty' after picking up an ankle injury. Diego Costa and Loic Remy both missed the win against United.
Justin Rose finished second at the Masters after carding 14-under-par. Rose wants to take a leaf out of Rory McIlroy's book in 2015. McIlroy won the US Open, US PGA and the Bridgestone Invitational.
Caroline Wozniacki won a youth tournament as an 11-year-old. The Dane made her Roland Garros senior debut as a 17-year-old in 2007. Wozniacki will be hoping to go further than the quarter-final she managed in 2010 when the tournament begins on May 25.
Manor driver Will Stevens was introduced to St George's Park by Michael Johnson Performance, the training company founded by the four-time Olympic champion. The 23-year-old was a regular visitor last year as he looked to step up his fitness in preparation for a potential F1 drive. Stevens is preparing to race in the Bahrain Grand Prix on Sunday.
Terror is one of six out of nine entries to hold an engagement in the Guineas. The 1,000 Guineas hope is trained by David Simcock. Frankie Dettori, who will ride Osaila, has been unveiled as Newmarket’s ambassador for 2015.
Jordan Spieth won the Masters at Augusta National on Sunday. The 21-year-old became the sixth player to win all four major titles. Graeme McDowell believes there are a lot of young players coming through.
Many Clouds won the Grand National at Aintree on Saturday. Trainer Oliver Sherwood has already turned his attentions to next season. He has also floated the possibility of a rematch with Cheltenham Gold Cup conqueror Coneygree in Newbury’s Hennessy Gold Cup.
Olly Barkley has signed a new contract at relegated London Welsh. The fly half played 23 times for England and previously played for Bath, Gloucester and Racing Metro. Welsh are set to return to the Championship next season.
Ruby Walsh warned riders that Balthazar King was receiving treatment. Balthazar King received treatment from a vet on the track for at least an hour before being taken to an equine hospital.
Many Clouds won the Grand National at Aintree on Saturday. Last year's winning jockey Leighton Aspell rode the horse to victory. Saint Are finished second with Monbeg Dude third.
Brian O'Driscoll believes huge investment is needed to turn English clubs back into a European force. The former Saracens centre says scrapping the salary cap would be dangerous. O'Driscoll says it's a money issue for English clubs and they need Roman Abramovich style investment.
Matt Hampson Foundation's event was on Wednesday in Birmingham. Former England fly half Andy Goode attended but his Wasps team-mate Christian Wade did not. Goode accused Wade of having 'bad values' for not attending the event. The Matt Hampson Foundation aims to inspire and support young people seriously injured through sport.
Saracens face Clermont at Stade Geoffrey-Guichard on Saturday. France legend Serge Betsen tells Sportsmail where he thinks it will be won. Betsen says Clermont's heads will drop when Saracens are behind.
England Sevens international Jeff Williams will join Bath at the end of the season. The 26-year-old has scored 36 tries on the World Series circuit. Williams helped England win the Tokyo Sevens earlier this month.
Board of Control for Cricket in India confirmed Ankit Keshri had passed away after suffering 'a cardiac arrest following on-field injury' Sachin Tendulkar has paid tribute to a 'promising career aborted by an unfortunate incident on field'
Ian Bell says he never expected England to win in the West Indies. Colin Graves said the Windies were'mediocre' before the first Test. Devon Smith admitted his side were inspired by Graves' comments.
Declan Fitzpatrick forced to retire from rugby on medical grounds. 31-year-old suffered a number of concussions in recent seasons. Fitzpatrick won seven caps for Ireland.
Liam Plunkett and Mark Wood impressed in the nets on Sunday. The pair are pushing for a place in England's attack for the second Test. Moeen Ali has joined up with the squad after missing the first Test.
Clermont Auvergne face Saracens in the Champions Cup semi-final. The French side thrashed Northampton in the previous round. Jonathan Davies says Clermont are relishing the semi-final clash.
Livingstone plundered 34 fours and 27 sixes in his 138-ball innings. The 21-year-old all-rounder has yet to make his first-team debut for the Red Rose. Lancashire believe the innings is the highest-ever individual score in a one-day match.
Kevin Pietersen out for 19 on first day of Surrey's LV= County Championship match against Glamorgan at the Swalec Stadium. Surrey reach 363/3 on first day, with Kumar Sangakkara making a century on Surrey debut. Pietersen hoping to be batting against Australia in the first Ashes Test.
Mark Selby beat Ronnie O'Sullivan in last year's final to claim his maiden Crucible title. The 31-year-old from Leicester returned to ease 6-3 ahead of Kurt Maflin in their first-round tussle. No first-time champion in Sheffield has returned to retain the trophy 12 months on.
Marcelo Bosch has signed a contract extension at Saracens. The 31-year-old kicked a last-minute penalty to secure victory over Racing Metro. Bosch joined Saracens from Biarritz in 2013.
The SRU have clinched the biggest shirt sponsorship deal in their history after agreeing a £3.6million contract with BT. Sportsmail exclusively revealed last year that BT had agreed to pay £20m over four years for the naming rights of Murrayfield. Now that has come to fruition and, come the summer, they will take over from ousted backers RBS.
Mark Selby will face Kurt Maflin in the first round of the World Snooker Championship at the Crucible on Saturday. Maflin is one of four men making their first appearance in the main draw. Jimmy White has tipped Selby as one of his ‘three to watch’
Michael Phelps won 100 metres butterfly at Arena Pro Swim Series. 18-time Olympic gold-medallist was banned for six months by USA Swimming. 29-year-old is aiming to compete in a fifth Olympics in Rio next year.
Caster Semenya reclaimed the South African 800-meter title on Saturday. The former 800 world title-holder won in 2 minutes, 5.05 seconds. Semenya's winning time was just over four seconds off the qualifying mark for the Worlds in Beijing in August.
Arsenal Under-21s lost 3-2 to Middlesbrough on Monday night. Gunners goalkeeper Deyan Iliev was sent off inside 15 minutes. Emmanuel Ledesma converted the resulting penalty. Lewis Maloney and Yanic Wildschut scored for the hosts. Alex Iwobi and Daniel Crowley scored for Arsenal.
Manchester United lost 1-0 to Chelsea at Stamford Bridge on Saturday. It was Juan Mata's first return to the club since he left in January last year. Mata says United can take many positives from the game.
Alex Hales scored 222 not out for Nottinghamshire on Sunday. The knock was his first double hundred of his career. Hales hopes it sends a message to the England selectors.
Tony Pulis has never managed to guide a team into the top half of the Premier League. Pulis won promotion with Stoke City and got them to an FA Cup final. Alan Pardew could guide Crystal Palace into the top half of the table just as Pulis did at Selhurst Park.
Steve Bruce's Hull City are two points above the relegation zone. The Tigers travel to high-flying Southampton on Saturday. Bruce admits his side need some 'crazy results' to stay up.
Liam Phillips won the 2013 BMX world title and was the World Cup series champion in 2014. The 26-year-old plans to use 2015 to experiment with tactics in a bid to arrive at the start gate in Rio full of confidence. Phillips would dearly love to reclaim the world title he won in Auckland two years ago in Belgium in July.
Aaron Cook has applied to switch his sporting nationality from British to Moldovan. The 24-year-old was overlooked for the Great Britain taekwondo squad at London 2012. British Olympic chief Bill Sweeney says the association worked'really hard' to keep Cook on board.
Thousands of Newcastle fans boycotted the club's last game, a 3-1 defeat at home to Tottenham on Sunday. Protestors are calling for a repeat when Swansea head to Tyneside on Saturday. Mark Jensen, editor of online fanzine www.themag.co.uk, fears longer-term consequences.
Alan Pardew's five-game winning run was crucial to Newcastle's season. Newcastle would have been heading for a second relegation in seven seasons without that run. Pardew quit for Crystal Palace at the end of December. Since his departure the players have looked uninterested and unhappy.
Leonardo Ulloa and Andy King scored in Leicester's 2-0 win over Swansea. The Foxes have won three Premier League games in a row for the first time since May 2000. Nigel Pearson has applied the same principles throughout the season.
Dele Alli signed for Tottenham from MK Dons for £5million in January. The 19-year-old has since been loaned back to his boyhood club. Alli was crowned the Football League Young Player of the Year on Sunday.
Sam Allardyce is out of contract at West Ham at the end of the season. Garry Monk has been touted as a potential replacement for the manager. The Swansea boss insists Allardyce is a perfect fit for the club.
Ryan Hardie marked his first ever Light Blues start with a brace. The 18-year-old had made just four substitute appearances before facing the Sons at the Dumbarton Stadium. Haris Vuckic fired home a spectacular third for Stuart McCall's side.
Stuart McCall is relaxed about Rangers' chances of promotion. The Ibrox side currently lead the way in the Scottish Championship. Rangers travel to Dumbarton on Saturday looking to maintain second place.
Crystal Palace defeated Sunderland 4-1 at the Stadium of Light on Saturday. Glenn Murray opened the scoring for Alan Pardew's side on 48 minutes. Yannick Bolasie scored a hat-trick in just over 10 minutes to effectively end the game as a contest. Connor Wickham scored a late consolation goal for the hosts.
Dave King ousted the previous Rangers directors last month. The South Africa-based businessman plans a return to the Ibrox boardroom if he can overcome SFA obstacles. King has delayed the process of nominating himself as chairman until he can persuade the governing body that 41 convictions under South African tax law are not a breach of SFA regulations.
Liverpool face a battle to sign Petr Cech, James Milner, Asier Illarramendi and Memphis Depay this summer. Danny Ings, Mario Balotelli and Rickie Lambert are all set to leave. Liverpool must qualify for the Champions League or risk missing out. Click here for Liverpool transfer news.
Aaron Cresswell has been linked with a move to Manchester City. The 25-year-old has had a fine debut season in the Premier League. But Sam Allardyce has warned him that the grass isn't always greener.
Tehsin Nayani spent six years as spokesman for the Glazer family. Nayani's book, 'The Glazer Gatekeeper: six years speaking for Manchester United's silent owners', challenges popular perception about the US bosses. The book lifts the lid on the owners who caused a ferocious storm when they seized control of the club and plunged it into debt. Nayani reveals that the Glazers were huge fans of Ferguson and never considered sacking him.
Arsenal goalkeeper Wojciech Szczesny turned 25 on Saturday. The Gunners beat Reading 2-1 after extra-time in the FA Cup semi-final. Szczesny was treated to a private birthday party by girlfriend Mariana Luczenko and his favourite band, Lemon.
Ross McCormack gave Fulham the lead after just eight minutes at The Valley. Johann Gudmundsson equalised with his 10th goal of the season. Fulham now sit 20th in the table eight points clear of Millwall.
Pedro could be on his way out of Barcelona after falling down pecking order. Iker Casillas could be tempted by Real Madrid if they sign David de Gea. Martin Montoya is not considered to be long-term replacement for Dani Alves. Sergi Samper has been earmarked as Barcelona's next Sergio Busquets.
FC United of Manchester's new 5,000-capacity stadium Broadhurst Park is nearing completion. The ground cost the democratic club a whopping £6.5m to build. The physio room will turn into a medical suite for the community. On matchdays one of the stands will house a food market, with local businesses from Indian takeaways to vegan cafes offering fans their fayre. The local brew of the day's opposition will also be imported for each match while the club is planning to install a microbrewery.
John Carver says he has the hardest job in football as head coach of Newcastle United. Thousands of fans are planning to boycott Sunday's home match against Tottenham Hotspur. Carver is the only public face of the club and is forced to answer questions about the hierarchy on a weekly basis.
Harry Kane has scored 29 goals for Tottenham this season. Mauricio Pochettino believes the England call-up has affected his form. Ryan Mason has also been affected by the call-up, according to Pochettino.
Ashley Young moved to Old Trafford in June 2011 from Aston Villa. The 29-year-old admits it took time for him to come into his own at the club. Young now feels he has an important role under Louis van Gaal.
Juventus beat Monaco 1-0 in the Champions League on Tuesday night. The Old Lady's starting line-up had an average age of 30years 64days. Massimiliano Allegri's side are hoping to win the treble this season.
Manny Pacquiao takes time out of busy schedule to hang out with Saved by the Bell actor Mario Lopez and NBA superstar Jeremy Lin. Pacquiao appears to be in fine fettle ahead of highly-anticipated showdown against Floyd Mayweather. The 36-year-old posted an Instagram snap of himself tensing his upper torso while posing in a boxing ring.
Tim Krul congratulated Jermain Defoe on his goal at half-time. Krul's gesture has been criticised by many, including Sportsmail's Jamie Carragher. But Krul's gesture was not the problem, it was a piece of technique. It was a wondrous strike, and, derby or not, half-time or not, it is a game that has no room for an acknowledgment of a great piece of technique.
Tomas Berdych advanced to the semi-finals of the Monte Carlo Masters. Milos Raonic retired from the quarter-final with a foot injury. Berdych will face either Grigor Dimitrov or Gael Monfils in the last four.
Enner Valencia cost West Ham £12m and signed a five year contract. Valencia has only scored one goal in the Premier League this season. Chelsea have an interest in Raheem Sterling but know it will be tough.
Reading face Arsenal in the FA Cup semi-final at Wembley on Saturday. Royals boss Steve Clarke has never beaten Arsene Wenger as a manager. But he insists his side must be 'perfect' to stand any chance of winning.
Amir Khan announced Chris Algieri as his opponent last week. But the British boxer has admitted he doesn't know who he will fight on May 30. Khan has rejected a potential £5million pay day against Kell Brook.
All three won their gongs on Super Saturday three years ago. The event includes the world’s only two-day Diamond League meeting. Jessica Ennis-Hill will be making her first appearance since giving birth.
Arsenal face Reading in the FA Cup semi-final on Saturday. Wojciech Szczesny has lost his place to David Ospina in goal. The Polish international has made just three appearances since the turn of the year.
Manchester City trained at their Etihad Campus base on Wednesday. Sergio Aguero took part in shooting practice against Joe Hart. Yaya Toure and Samir Nasri looked out in the cold during the session. The pair have been criticised by Sky Sports pundits recently.
Adrian Heath is manager of the newest MLS team Orlando City. Frank Lampard and Steven Gerrard will join the club in the summer. Kaka has the highest salary in MLS history.
David Villa spent a year at Atletico Madrid last season. The 33-year-old is enjoying life in the MLS with New York City FC. Real Madrid drew 0-0 with Atletico in the Champions League on Tuesday.
Manny Pacquiao fights Floyd Mayweather in Las Vegas on May 2. UFC women's bantamweight champion Ronda Rousey is in Pacquiao's camp. Rousey said she was 'truly honoured to meet such a humble and genuine person'
Patrick Bamford scored in Middlesbrough's 2-1 win over Wolves on Tuesday. The 21-year-old has scored 19 goals in all competitions this season. Bamford is on loan at Middlesbrough, Derby and MK Dons from Chelsea. Sportsmail understands his parent club are opening talks over a new deal.
NBC have more than doubled US interest in the Premier League in past two years. In 2012-13 13 million different Americans watched at least one top-flight English game live. This weekend NBC have transported their entire Premier League production from their HQ in Stamford, Connecticut, to England.
Floyd Mayweather will fight Manny Pacquiao in Las Vegas on May 2. The American holds an open workout for the media on Tuesday night. The session will be streamed live from 12am UK (7pm EDT)
Manny Pacquiao will take part in a training session at the Wild Card gym in Los Angeles. The Filipino icon will be put through his paces by trainer Freddie Roach. Floyd Mayweather Jnr was almost two hours late for his workout.
Boxer Floyd Mayweather bought a £1.5million Bugatti at 3am. Obi Okeke, owner of Fusion Luxury Motors, was given the task of getting the car to Mayweather. The car was delivered in just 11 hours. Click here for more boxing news.
Stan Wawrinka lost 6-1, 6-2 to Grigor Dimitrov at the Monte Carlo Masters. The defending champion made 41 unforced errors in the match. Dimitrov will now face Gael Monfils in the quarter-finals.
Rafael Nadal beat John Isner 7-6 (8/6) 4-6 6-3 in Monte Carlo. Roger Federer was knocked out by Gael Monfils in straight sets. Nadal will play David Ferrer in the quarter-finals.
Floyd Mayweather will fight Manny Pacquiao in Las Vegas on May 2. The fight is expected to draw revenue of around $400m (£273m) The referee of the eagerly-awaited contest will net $10,000. Kenny Bayless and Tony Weeks are both frontrunners to referee the fight.
Manny Pacquiao stars in 'I'm fighting for Filipinos' music video. The boxing star sings about the struggles in the Philippines. Pacquiao will take on Floyd Mayweather in Las Vegas on May 2.
Atletico Madrid have used the third-party ownership lenience in Spain more to its advantage than any other club. Jorge Mendes has worked closely with the club and with its managing director Miguel Angel Gil Marin across the last five years. Koke is Atletico's brightest homegrown talent and he lined up in midfield on Tuesday night against Real Madrid.
Reading face Arsenal in the FA Cup semi-final at Wembley on Saturday. The game will be shown live at the same time as Manchester United vs Chelsea. Steve Clarke wants the scheduling of FA Cup matches to improve.
Floyd Mayweather's personal chef reveals he eats Twizzlers on'snack day' 'Chef Q' fills two trolleys with snacks and spends $321.43 (around £220) 'He usually snacks on different things, Twizzlers is his favourite thing, sometimes he may want cookies, sometimes he may want chips. Sometimes he just want ice tea,' says the chef on camera.
Atletico Madrid were held to a goalless draw by Real Madrid on Tuesday. Miranda was not happy with Serbian referee Milorad Mazic's display. The Brazil international questioned why officials from'minor leagues' were able to referee such a high-profile game.
Philipp Lahm and Owen Hargreaves played together at Bayern Munich from 2000-2007. Lahm has won six Bundesliga titles and the Champions League. The 31-year-old is contracted to Bayern until 2018. Lahm spoke to Hargreaves as part of a special documentary on BT Sport.
Theo Walcott has just over 12 months left on his £90,000-a-week contract. Liverpool and Manchester City are interested in the England winger. Arsene Wenger has said talks have taken place but Walcott has publicly denied that.
Real Madrid were held to a goalless draw by Atletico Madrid on Tuesday. Cristiano Ronaldo, Gareth Bale and Karim Benzema failed to find the net. Ronaldo came closest to breaking the deadlock in the first half.
Mario Mandzukic appeared to be bitten by Real Madrid's Daniel Carvajal. The incident occurred during Atletico Madrid's 0-0 draw with Real. Mandzukic clashed with Sergio Ramos, Raphael Varane and Carvajal. The Croatian striker complained he was elbowed by Ramos.
Eric Cantona has starred in a soft porn film called You and the Night. The former Manchester United midfielder insists it is not pornography. Cantona was speaking at the Laureus Sports Awards in Shanghai.
Manchester City host rivals United in the Premier League on Sunday. Eight of United's first-team squad and six from City are from Spain. Nine English-speakers are expected to be in the two sides’ respective 18-man squads.
Yannick Bolasie scored a hat-trick as Crystal Palace beat Sunderland 4-1. Christian Benteke scored as Aston Villa beat Tottenham 1-0 at White Hart Lane. Arsenal kept up their impressive recent form with a 1-0 win over Burnley. Hull City remain in danger following a 2-0 loss at Southampton.
Wilfried Zaha joined Manchester United for £10million in January 2013. But the winger made just four appearances for the club in two years. Zaha returned to Crystal Palace on a season-long loan deal in February.
Javier Pastore is the best player in the world, according to Eric Cantona. The Manchester United legend was speaking at the Laureus World Sports Awards in Shanghai. The Argentina international has scored three goals and five assists this season compared with Lionel Messi’s 45 goals for Barcelona and Cristiano Ronaldo’s 51 for Real Madrid.
Real Madrid drew 0-0 with city rivals Atletico in the Madrid derby. Jan Oblak was man of the match with a string of important saves. Barcelona face Paris Saint-Germain in the Champions League on Wednesday. Arturo Vidal scored the only goal in Juventus' 1-0 win over Monaco.
Matt Ritchie scored the kind of goal that belongs in the Premier League to put the Cherries in front. Kieran Lee had put Wednesday in front with a header in the 36th minute. Yann Kermorgant equalised for the visitors with 20 minutes remaining. Simon Francis was sent off for two yellow cards in the 78th minute. Chris Maguire scored a late penalty to salvage a draw for Wednesday.
Zlatan Ibrahimovic has scored 17 goals for Paris Saint-Germain this season. The 33-year-old is available for selection for the club's Champions League quarter-final second leg against Barcelona.
Manchester United beat Manchester City 4-2 in the derby on Sunday. United legend Eric Cantona believes they are 'kings of the city' He believes Louis van Gaal's philosophy is the right one for Old Trafford. Cantona also defended his role in soft porn film You And The Night.
Bournemouth drew 2-2 with Sheffield Wednesday at Dean Court on Saturday. The Cherries were denied a 'clear-cut' penalty in the second half. Callum Wilson appeared to be fouled by Lewis Buxton.
Petr Cech posted a YouTube cover of 'Magnificent' by U2 on Tuesday. Cech has fallen behind Thibaut Courtois in Jose Mourinho's pecking order. The 32-year-old is expected to leave Stamford Bridge this summer.
Gonzalo Higuain opened the scoring for the visitors after 15 minutes. Marek Hamsik doubled Napoli's lead on 23 minutes with a smart finish. Hamsik made it 3-0 shortly after the break before substitute Manolo Gabbiadini made it four. Nicklas Bendtner pulled a goal back for Wolfsburg on 80 minutes.
Porto beat Monaco to win the Champions League in 2004. Jose Mourinho led the Portuguese side to glory that year. Julen Lopetegui has led Porto to an unbeaten start to the season. Ricardo Quaresma scored twice in Porto's 3-1 win over Bayern Munich.
Todd Phillips, a front-outside tire changer for Dayle Coyne Racing, was injured when he was struck by the car of Francesco Dracone. Dracone spun while exiting his put box, clipping Phillips' leg. Phillips was flipped upside down by the force of the car but escaped only with minor injuries.
Arjen Robben has missed his side's last four matches due to abdominal injury. The Holland international is close to returning to full fitness. Robben plans on returning for Bayern Munich's cup match against Borussia Dortmund.
Jurgen Klopp is leaving Borussia Dortmund at the end of the season. He has won two Bundesliga titles, the German Cup and reached the Champions League final, in 2013 at Wembley. Like Pep Guardiola and Jose Mourinho, Klopp has elevated himself into the realms of the cult manager.
Real Madrid trio Alvaro Arbeloa, Asier Illarramendi and Nacho gave adidas a guided tour of the club's training complex. Arbeloa revealed that Real Madrid's first-team stars are allowed 24-hour access to the club's HQ. Cristiano Ronaldo, Gareth Bale and James Rodriguez can socialise in their spare time.
Some fans have seen the cost of their season tickets almost double. Some season tickets at the Etihad now cost £1,750, up from £885. Manchester City claim it is down to upgrades at the stadium.
David Silva was caught in the face by Cheikhou Kouyate on Sunday. The Spaniard was taken off on a stretcher and given oxygen. He later posted on social media that he had passed his tests.
UEFA have awarded Russia a 3-0 walkover victory over Montenegro. The Euro 2016 qualifier was abandoned after 67 minutes following a pitch brawl. The Football Association of Montenegro have been fined £36,280.
Manchester City lost 3-1 to Chelsea in the FA Youth Cup final first-leg. City's captain Vincent Kompany was in attendance at the Academy Stadium. Manager Manuel Pellegrini and head of youth development Patrick Vieira also attended the game on Monday night. Tammy Abraham, Isaac Buckley and Dominic Solanke scored for Chelsea.
Manchester United beat Manchester City 4-2 at Old Trafford. Ashley Young, Marouane Fellaini, Juan Mata and Chris Smalling scored for the Red Devils. Sergio Aguero scored a brace for City, who are now six points behind United.
Paul Aldridge will leave Sheffield Wednesday at the end of next season. Adam Pearson and Glenn Roeder have been brought in to help Stuart Gray. The trio will form a three-man sporting director committee at Hillsborough.
Patrick Bamford won the Championship Player of the Year award on Sunday. The Chelsea loanee has scored 19 goals for Middlesbrough this season. Bamford hopes to help Aitor Karanka's side get promoted.
Chelsea are believed to have made an offer for FC Tokyo forward Yoshinori Muto. The 22-year-old would be the first Japanese player to sign for Chelsea if he completes a move to Stamford Bridge this summer. Jose Mourinho admits that Chelsea consider their sponsorship interests when signing new players.
Moeen Ali named as ambassador for Liverpool's fan club in Pakistan. The lifelong Liverpool fan has been called up for England's final two Tests. The 27-year-old was at Anfield for the LFC All-Stars match last month.
Josh Mantellato scored four tries and kicked 14 points for Hull KR. It was only the East Yorkshire side's second cup tie success since reaching the quarter-finals in 2011.
Ricardo Carvalho appeared to foul Alvaro Morata in the penalty area. Referee Pavel Kralovec pointed to the spot and Arturo Vidal scored. Leonardo Jardim described the decision as a 'huge injustice'
Eric Cantona claimed Javier Pastore is 'the best player in the world' PSG face Barcelona in the second leg of their Champions League tie. PSG must overturn a 3-1 deficit to progress to the semi-finals.
Aaron Murphy scored twice in Huddersfield's 38-14 win over Catalans Dragons. Ukuma Ta'ai also scored twice as Giants ended three-match losing run.
Gary Cahill is yet to win the Premier League with Chelsea. Cahill has won four cups with the club since joining in January 2012. Chelsea host Manchester United at Stamford Bridge on Saturday.
Mike Ashley has been accused of turning Newcastle into a 'boring' club. Jamie Carragher says the billionaire owner only wants to make money. Thousands of fans chose to boycott Newcastle's game with Tottenham.
PSG lost 3-1 to Barcelona in the first leg of their Champions League quarter-final. Zlatan Ibrahimovic and Marco Verratti will return for the second leg. But Laurent Blanc says it is 'practically impossible' for his side to progress.
Bangladesh beat Pakistan by 79 runs in the first one-day international in Dhaka. Tamim Iqbal and Mushfiqur Rahim both scored centuries as Bangladesh made 329 for six and Pakistan could only muster 250 in reply. Pakistan will have the chance to level the three-match series on Sunday.
Andy Lee faces Peter Quillin at the Barclays Centre in New York on Saturday. Lee is making the first defence of his WBO middleweight title. Quillin is a former champion but is yet to taste defeat as a professional.
Carl Frampton is desperate to fight WBA super-bantamweight champion Scott Quigg. Matchroom promoter Eddie Hearn has offered £1.5m to set-up the fight. Frampton's promoters, Cyclone Promotions, say they are awaiting communication from Hearn's Matchroom Sports before renewing negotiations.
Sean Reardon was stopped by police for suspected drink driving. Claims he was then wrestled to the ground by two officers in Chico, California. Video footage shows the 30-year-old being repeatedly hit on the ground. Reardon was left with broken bones and had to be put on a ventilator.
The Tour Down Under is a big part of the international cycling season. It contributes more to the South Australian economy than the F1 Grand Prix. Adelaide has charm, colonial history, sophistication and space to breathe.
Bridget Olinda Garcia, 32, had confiscated her 13-year-old's mobile phone. She was preparing to leave their home in Port St. Lucie, Florida, police say. Garcia started reversing down her driveway, when the teen jumped on the hood. The boy was taken to hospital for treatment of his non-life threatening injuries.
Cassey Ho is a 28-year-old Pilates instructor and YouTube star who has over two million subscribers to her YouTube channel, Blogilates. In her new video, The 'Perfect' Body, she shows how body-shaming can affect her self-esteem.
The image was first shared on Reddit under the headline 'Dad security' Kit Dale, a two-time World Pro Brazilian Jiu-Jitsu champion from Melbourne, Australia, shared the image to his Facebook page on Sunday.
Steven Pienaar has made just 11 appearances for Everton this season. The influential midfielder has been dogged by groin and knee injuries. Pienaar returned to action in the 1-1 draw with Swansea City earlier this month but muscle fatigue ruled him out of the win over Burnley.
Women are commissioning sheds in a range of styles from beach huts to mock Tudor pavilions with tiled floors. Some have gone one step further and installed a diner in theirs, complete with working jukebox and fifties-style restaurant booths.
The 250-piece Lilly Pulitzer for Target collection sold out online and flew off of shelves at stores shortly after debuting on Sunday morning. While all of the popular products have now officially sold out, more than 30,000 pieces have been listed for resale on eBay.
Danny Welbeck scored in Arsenal's FA Cup quarter-final win over Manchester United. The England striker is expected to start up front against Reading. Welbeck says he has settled in very well at the Emirates Stadium.
Chelsea are seven points clear at the top of the Premier League table. Blues players have been putting through their paces in the gym. Chelsea have announced a partnership with Technogym. The company have kitted out Chelsea's training ground with state-of-the-art equipment.
Radamel Falcao posted a picture on Instagram with Jonas Gutierrez. Gutierrez received a standing ovation at Anfield on Monday night. The Newcastle United defender underwent treatment for testicular cancer earlier this year. The 29-year-old has been linked with a move away from Manchester United.
Celtic remain eight points clear at the top of the Scottish Premiership. Gary Mackay-Steven opened the scoring for Ronny Deila's side in the 32nd minute. Virgil van Dijk doubled Celtic's lead in the 63rd minute. Jim McAlister scored a late consolation for Dundee.
Manny Pacquiao will fight Floyd Mayweather in Las Vegas on May 2. The mega-fight is worth an estimated $300million and is billed as the biggest in the history of boxing. Pacquiao has been keen to show off his ripped body in recent weeks. Mayweather has also stepped up his promotional campaign.
The video shows the peaceful encounter between the ray and Johnny Debnam, a 29-year-old commercial diver and ocean lover. Mr Debnam was free diving in water four metres deep; holding his breath and diving down to the depths of the ocean on Rottnest Island off the coast of Western Australia. ‘I blew all my air out and was totally calm and at his level,’ explained Mr Debnam during a mini documentary produced for his production company Terra Australis TV.
Raymond van Barnevald beat Michael van Gerwen 7-3 in the 'battle of Holland' Robin van Persie took to Instagram to show his support for the Dutch. Phil Taylor ended his losing run with a win over Dave Chisnall. Adrian Lewis won his third match on the bounce, beating Stephen Bunting. Gary Anderson produced a sterling fightback to earn himself a draw against James Wade.
Barcelona are top of La Liga, in the Champions League and in the Copa del Rey. Eric Abidal won the treble with Barcelona in 2009. The former defender says the current crop can do it this season. Abidal was speaking at the launch of the Eric Abidal Foundation in Catalonia.
Sergio Ramos opened the scoring for Real Madrid in the 24th-minute. James Rodriguez doubled the home side's lead in the 69th-minute. Cristiano Ronaldo missed a penalty but made up for it with a third. Juanmi pulled one back for Malaga before Ronaldo completed the win.
Former Australia captain Richie Benaud's funeral was held in Sydney on Wednesday. The 84-year-old passed away last week after complications from skin cancer. Australian Prime Minister Tony Abbott had offered a state funeral to Benaud's wife, Daphne, which she declined. Instead, a private service was held attended by close family and friends.
Nacer Chadli opened the scoring for Tottenham on the half-hour mark with a well-placed left-footed strike. Jack Colback equalised for the hosts on the stroke of half-time with a close-range finish. Christian Eriksen doubled Spurs' lead with a curling free-kick into the top corner on 53 minutes. Harry Kane made sure of the three points with a close-range finish in the 90th minute.
Divock Origi signed for Liverpool for £10million last summer. The Belgium striker has been on loan at French side Lille this season. Simon Mignolet has been advising Origi about life at the club.
Josh Meekings prevented a goal from Leigh Griffiths in the Scottish Cup. The Inverness defender has been retrospectively suspended for one match. FIFA vice-president Jim Boyce says the SFA are wrong to suspend Meekings.
The Greek government has put together a new set of regulations in an attempt to crack down on violence at sports events. FIFA and UEFA have strict rules aimed at protecting member federations' independence in running their own affairs. The bill will be initially reviewed by the Cultural Affairs Committee from April 27-30 and then discussed in parliament on May 4-5.
Sergio Aguero fired Manchester City into a first half lead with his 20th league goal of the season. West Ham defender James Collins then put through his own net to give City a 2-0 lead at the break. David Silva was taken off on a stretcher after an accidental elbow from Cheikhou Kouyate.
It is exactly a year since David Moyes was sacked by Manchester United. Louis van Gaal took over and has steered United back into the top four. United have won more league points this season than they did last. Click here for Manchester United transfer news.
Carlo Ancelotti and Diego Simeone were runners-up at the Ballon d'Or. Real Madrid host Atletico Madrid in the Madrid derby on Sunday. The Champions League quarter-final first leg finished 0-0.
A 4WD has burst into flames in the middle of Sydney airport's international terminal car park. The outdoor car park at the terminal was closed after authorities were alerted to the blaze just after 8am on Thursday. Witnesses captured footage of NSW Fire and Rescue crews working to put out the flames as thick smoke spewed out over the airport's car park.
The 50-year-old man collapsed just after ordering breakfast at the Rooftop Restaurant in the tourist town of Kuta. He was unable to be revived, but a doctor at the scene said that it was likely he died of a heart attack. An autopsy has still to be carried out to find the exact cause of death, although external examinations suggest that he suffered a heart attack.
Video shows luggage being pushed onto a lower conveyor belt. The mechanism appears to work on a sensor system. It is not known where the video was taken, although it is believed to be an international airport.
Tegan Peters, 22, from Auckland New Zealand found a tennis ball deliberately covered in sharp pins in Ti Rakau Park, south of Auckland. She was shocked to find that there were broken up pieces inside the ball. Ms Peters shared it with animal welfare pages in the area to alert people in case there were more of the 'dangerous' balls out there. She said she is proud she could make a difference in her community by notifying others of her discovery.
Michael J from Michigan filmed his 11-month-old daughter Leighton in floods of tears before she's handed a French fry to lure over the family pup, Zayla.
Insurers are increasingly checking people's social media accounts following a break-in. They are using it as a reason not to pay out if they are burgled. Most firms include'reasonable care' clause in contracts, meaning they are not liable if people did not protect their property.
Warren Sapp was arrested the night after the Super Bowl in Phoenix, Arizona, on a prostitution charge. In a police video released on Monday, Sapp, 42, cries, cackles and confesses about what exactly went down back on February 2 in the Renaissance Hotel. He told police one of them began performing oral sex on him - they stayed safe and used a condom - but the other annoyed him by chatting. Sapp was fired from his job at the NFL network and could get six months in jail and three years probation if he is convicted.
Paul Warren Smith, 61, is facing an animal cruelty charge after police say he was caught on tape tossing five puppies over a six-foot fence at the Humane Society on Saturday. In the video, the man is seen pulling the five puppies from a cardboard box recovered from the back of the van and flinging them over the fence in a manner that makes it unlikely that they landed on their feet. All five puppies are healthy and uninjured; each will be put up for adoption when they are at least 8 weeks old.
Passengers delayed on flight from Madrid to Manchester Airport. Plane arrived at 11.25pm on Friday but by 1pm passengers had left. Passengers claim they were not asked for their passport or any other documents. They were able to simply stroll past empty security cubicles unchecked. Border Force claim a number of passengers were checked by officers.
Tory leader hit back at Andrew Marr after being left baffled by questions. Marr claimed the PM recently told the Countryside Alliance magazine that his favourite sport was fox hunting. But Mr Cameron actually said he was a'strong supporter of country sports'
Videoed outside by its owner Tracy, the young German Shepherd named Kali bounces about the decking playfully. At a complete contrast to its adopted mother, who watches the puppy while relaxing on the floor.
The man, who has not been named, fell onto tracks in Washington, D.C., Tuesday afternoon. He was pulled up from the rails by two men who leaped down after him. The rescuers, who also have not been identified, sprang into action after seeing the man's wheelchair roll over the lip of the platform.
Celtic lost 3-2 to Inverness in the Scottish Cup semi-final on Sunday. Virgil van Dijk wants his side to bounce back and win the SPL title. Ronny Deila's side are eight points clear at the top of the table.
Patrick Bamford has scored 19 goals for Middlesbrough this season. The striker is on loan from Chelsea and is Championship Player of the Year. Bamford wants to fight for his place at Stamford Bridge.
Traffic build up on the M58 around Switch Island in Merseyside. One driver in a silver Mercedes attempted to undertake the trafffic. But a Renault driver wasn't happy and pulled into the inside lane.
Porto were thrashed 6-1 by Bayern Munich in the Champions League. The result saw Porto lose the first leg 3-1 and go 7-4 down on aggregate. But fans gave the squad a hero's welcome upon their return to Portugal.
Raheem Sterling was filmed apparently inhaling nitrous oxide. The legal high is also known as 'hippy crack' and starves the brain of oxygen. The 20-year-old scored the opening goal in Liverpool's 2-0 victory over Newcastle.
Atletico Paranaense attacking midfielder Nathan is attracting interest from Chelsea and Manchester City. Jose Mourinho and Manuel Pellegrini will go head-to-head to sign the 19-year-old. Chelsea have a strong Brazilian contingency with the likes of Willian, Ramires, Filipe Luis and Oscar.
Ron Aydelott, head coach for the Riverdale High School Warriors in Murfreesboro for nearly ten years, suffered serious facial injuries in the attack Tuesday. Aydelott in no way provoked the attack but that the 17-year-old alleged attacker became violent after he felt 'disrespected' The boy was reportedly in the coach's office in order to turn in the paperwork concerning his trying out for the team.
Six-legged kid has become a star animal in China since it was born 20 days ago. Xiao Qibin, owner of the farm, said the baby goat is growing quickly and healthily with 'an extraordinary appetite'
West Brom are keeping tabs on Nice forward Alassane Plea. Tony Pulis is also interested in Montpellier's Bryan Dabo. Plea has scored three goals for Nice this season.
Sergey Burkaev, 16, and Konstantin Surkov, 17, face life in jail. They are accused of raping and killing four women at a house party.
James Milner's Manchester City contract expires at the end of the season. Liverpool are keen to sign the England midfielder to fill the void left by Steven Gerrard. Milner will make a decision over his future at the end of the season.
Edinson Cavani is a target for Juventus according to Italian newspaper Corriere dello Sport. The Serie A champions want to strengthen their attacking options this summer. Cavani's agent Claudio Anelucci says his client is most likely to move to England or Spain this summer.
Felipe Anderson set up Lazio's winner for Senad Lulic in the Coppa Italia semi-final second leg against Napoli. Anderson has attracted interest from PSG, Manchester City, Liverpool and Arsenal. Gonzalo Higuain is unsettled at Napoli with coach Rafa Benitez poised to leave the club in the summer.
Valencia midfielder Andre Gomes says he wants to stay at the club. The 21-year-old has been linked with a move to Premier League duo Manchester United and Chelsea. Gomes has netted four times in 25 La Liga appearances since leaving Benfica last summer.
Memphis Depay has been linked with a move away from PSV this summer. The Dutch international has scored 19 goals in 25 league games this season. Depay worked under Manchester United boss Louis van Gaal during the 2014 World Cup in Brazil.
Marc Tierney is set to announce his retirement on Thursday. The Bolton left-back has been forced to cut short his career. Tierney fractured his ankle playing against Yeovil in September 2013.
Oribe Peralta scored in the 89th minute to earn America a draw. Ignacio Piatti had put the Impact ahead in the first half. Nigel Reo-Coker captained the Canadian side for 76 minutes. Montreal now need a scoreless draw or a win in the second leg.
Chelsea have made an offer for Yoshinori Muto, according to club president Naoki Ogane. The 22-year-old has played for the J-League side since 2013. Muto will join Chelsea's Dutch partner club Vitesse Arnhem on loan next season if he completes a move to Stamford Bridge this summer. Ogane claims Chelsea's interest in Muto is not connected to the £200million sponsorship deal they signed with Japanese company Yokohama Rubber in February.
Martin Skrtel has been linked with a move away from Liverpool. The 30-year-old has been linked with a move to Bundesliga side Wolfsburg. Skrtel has also been linked with a move to Serie A outfit Napoli.
Women typically take and delete five pictures before they decide they like one. And men are happy only on their fourth try, according to OnePoll. Two in three women feel anxious just having their photo taken. The survey of 5,000 people was commissioned by ITV's Good Morning Britain.
Siem de Jong played 72 minutes for Newcastle Under 21s on Tuesday. The £6m summer signing from Ajax has struggled with injuries this season. He hopes to be involved in Newcastle's Premier League clash with Swansea.
Spencer Bell, 71, bravely ventured on to motorway near Watford, Hertfordshire. He was tending to Alan Tretheway, 67, who had fallen from a bridge. As Mr Bell crouched with Mr Tretheway, he was struck and killed. Iram Shahzad, 32, pleaded guilty to causing death by careless driving. She was sentenced to 14 months imprisonment, suspended for two years.
Abou Diaby's contract at Arsenal expires at the end of the season. The Frenchman has suffered 42 injuries since signing in 2006. Arsene Wenger has a close bond with the 28-year-old midfielder. Arsenal will help Diaby get his career back on track.
Incident happened on an unregistered road between the A417 and Cowley in Gloucestershire. Driver had followed his sat nav and ended up losing the roof of the lorry suspended in the air.
David Silva was taken off on a stretcher during Man City's win over West Ham. The Spaniard was caught in the face by Cheikhou Kouyate's elbow. Silva was given oxygen and put in a neck brace before being taken to hospital.
Liverpool lost 2-1 to Aston Villa in the FA Cup semi-final on Sunday. Brendan Rodgers has come under fire after a disappointing season. Reds boss has gone three seasons without a trophy at Anfield. But Stan Collymore believes Rodgers is the right man to take Liverpool forward. CLICK HERE for all the latest Liverpool news.
David Silva was taken off on a stretcher during Manchester City's win over West Ham on Sunday. The 29-year-old was caught in the face by an elbow from Cheikhou Kouyate. He required eight minutes of treatment before being taken to hospital. But tests revealed he had not suffered a fracture.
Aston Villa beat West Brom 2-0 to reach the FA Cup semi-finals. Hundreds of Villa fans invaded the pitch after the final whistle. Reading fans invaded the pitch after they beat Bradford 3-0. Both clubs have until Thursday to respond to the charge.
Tomas Berdych beat Gael Monfis 6-1, 6-4 to reach Monte Carlo Masters final. Czech Berdych will face either Rafael Nadal or Novak Djokovic in the final. Monfils won just 11 points in a lopsided first set.
Floyd Mayweather Jnr's sparring partner Jeremy 'J Flash' Nichols gives a mock interview as Manny Pacquiao. Mayweather and Pacquiao will meet in a $300million mega-fight on May 2. Nichols mocks the Filipino's religious faith and claims his mother uses Voodoo.
Gregory Benoist has been signed up to ride for Sheik Joaan Al Thani. Frankie Dettori will focus on the British flat season instead. Dettori was replaced by Thierry Jarnet in the build-up to her Arc success.
Clermont beat Saracens 20-15 in the Champions Cup semi-final. Sarries forward Maro Itoje was impressive making his first start in Europe. Clermont head into their second European final confident they can land their first European title.
Kevin Pietersen scored 170 in his first Surrey appearance this season. Former England captain Mike Gatting says Pietersen should not walk straight back into the international set-up. England were held to a draw in the first Test against West Indies.
West Indies captain Denesh Ramdin confirmed Devendra Bishoo will play. Peter Moores' side have yet to face a frontline leg-spinner in Tests. Bishoo comes into the game in place of the dropped Sulman Benn.
Zimbabwe have reportedly agreed to travel for a one-day international series next month, likely to take place in Lahore and Karachi. No tourists have played in Pakistan because of security fears since the terrorist attack on Sri Lanka's team bus in Lahore in March 2009. Six policemen and two civilians died, and several of the tourists were injured.
Golden State Warriors beat New Orleans Pelicans 114-97 in Western Conference play-off game. Point guard Stephen Curry scored a game-high 34 points. Washington Wizards beat Toronto Raptors 114-103 in overtime in Game One.
Saracens face Clermont Auvergne at Stade Geoffroy-Guichard on Saturday. Last year's European Cup semi-final between the two sides was won by Clermont. Mark McCall's side were thrashed 46-6 at Twickenham last season. Owen Farrell has recovered from a knee injury and will start on the bench.
England captain Alastair Cook has not scored a Test century since May 2013. Cook is England's leading run scorer in all forms of the game. England take on the West Indies in the second Test in Grenada.
This year marks the 40th anniversary of snooker's most prestigious tournament. There is interest from China in hosting the event. Hearn has revealed he is close to extending deals with Sheffield City Council, and broadcast partner the BBC.
Scott Sinclair is currently on loan at Aston Villa from Manchester City. Winger has scored three goals in 10 games for Villa this season. Tim Sherwood's side face Arsenal in the FA Cup final on May 30.
Danny Ings is a target for Manchester United and Liverpool. Burnley striker also linked with moves to Borussia Monchengladbach and David Moyes' Real Sociedad. Ings has scored nine Premier League goals this season.
British world dressage champion Charlotte Dujardin won the Grand Prix at the World Cup in Las Vegas. The 29-year-old, and her horse Valegro, who won the world title in Lyon last year, recorded a score of 85.414 percent.
Southampton won the Under-21 Premier League Cup on Monday night. Sam Gallagher scored the winner against Blackburn Rovers. Ronald Koeman was in the crowd at St Mary's to watch the game. Gallagher says he hopes he impressed Koeman with his goal.
Fernando Torres spent three-and-a-half seasons at Liverpool. The on-loan Atletico Madrid striker regards Steven Gerrard as the best. The pair became close friends during their time at Anfield.
QPR fans Harry Childs, Jack Hutchins, Dean Foreman and Bradley Pack were sentenced for football-related disorder on Friday. The incident occurred after last season's 3-3 Championship draw between QPR and Burnley at Loftus Road. The quartet confronted a number of Burnley supporters outside a west London pub after the game. The shouting soon turned into violence and the pub's window was kicked and shattered.
Jonas Gutierrez set to be released by Newcastle at the end of the season. Argentinian was left out of squad for 3-1 defeat by Tottenham. Head coach John Carver said Gutierrez was dropped for'selection reasons' Gutierrez had earlier tweeted that he was not injured.
Jermain Defoe posted a photo on his Instagram page enjoying a game of basketball. Sunderland are in the middle of a Premier League relegation battle. The Black Cats are only three points above the drop zone.
Yannick Bolasie scored a hat-trick as Crystal Palace ran riot at the Stadium of Light. Sunderland have now lost the four matches immediately after their derby victory. Glenn Murray opened the scoring for Alan Pardew's side.
Sunderland are two places and three points above the drop zone. Black Cats have won just one in nine and face trips to Arsenal and Chelsea. Manager Dick Advocaat has never been relegated during 28 years as a manager.
Nelson Oliveira is on loan at Swansea from Portuguese giants Benfica. The 23-year-old has struggled for first-team action at the Liberty Stadium. Oliveira is set to make his second Premier League start of his career.
FIFA president Sepp Blatter was in Sochi ahead of the 2018 World Cup. He said he was proud that Russia was getting ready to host the tournament. Blatter said he expected the finals to be a 'wonderful' event.
Manchester City are keen on signing Yacine Brahimi and Alex Sandro. City sporting director Txiki Begiristain watched the pair on Tuesday. City are also interested in Wolfsburg midfielder Kevin de Bruyne.
Harry Redknapp says Tottenham have not made any progress under Mauricio Pochettino this season. Former Spurs boss says Pochettino has been rescued by the kids. Redknapp also criticises club's recruitment policy after selling Gareth Bale.
Martin Odegaard was dropped by manager Zinedine Zidane. The Norway international was substituted after 65 minutes against Tudelano. Odegaard missed the two games before Sunday's match, which ended 1-1.
Bayern Munich beat Porto 6-1 to reach the Champions League semi-finals. Pep Guardiola's trousers tore up during the game at the Allianz Arena. In Portugal, Porto had 'the worst defeat in their European history' in Munich.
Jon Moss will take charge of FA Cup final between Arsenal and Aston Villa. Mark Clattenburg will be one of only two English referees in UEFA elite ranks. Former Premier League referee Mark Halsey has called FA's decision 'a joke'
Florin Andone has scored six goals in 16 games for Cordoba. Tim Sherwood is looking to bolster his attacking options. Andone is valued at around £6million but Cordoba's relegation may lead to them taking less. West Brom are also interested in Wolves winger Bakary Sako.
Tottenham beat Newcastle 3-1 in the Premier League on Sunday. Harry Kane became the first Spurs player since Gary Lineker to reach the 30-mark with a late strike. Mauricio Pochettino is convinced the 21-year-old England hitman can improve further.
Dele Alli signed for Tottenham Hotspur in a £5m deal in January. The 19-year-old has impressed for MK Dons this season. Alli has set his sights on playing for England Under 20s at Toulon Tournament. England have been drawn in Group B with China, Ivory Coast, Mexico and Morocco.
Charles N'Zogbia turned up for Aston Villa training in a flamboyant outfit. The Frenchman wore a garish shirt and trouser combo. Shay Given took to Twitter to ridicule N'Zogbia's choice of attire.
Real Madrid returned to training on Wednesday after the international break. Cristiano Ronaldo and Gareth Bale were pictured greeting each other. Los Blancos host Granada in La Liga on Sunday in an 11am kick-off.
Charlie Pye applied for the Aston Villa job when Paul Lambert was sacked. The youngster wanted a signed claret and blue football, a WWE wrestling figure and some sweets. Tim Sherwood congratulated the youngster on his credentials.
Arsenal face Reading in the FA Cup semi-final at Wembley on Saturday. The Gunners won the FA Cup last season and are second in the Premier League. Defender Per Mertesacker says Arsenal must not become complacent.
Crystal Palace host West Bromwich Albion at Selhurst Park (Saturday 3pm) Everton host Burnley at Goodison Park (Saturday 3pm) Leicester City host Swansea City at King Power Stadium (Saturday 3pm) Chelsea face Manchester United at Stamford Bridge (Saturday 5pm) Arsenal host Reading at Emirates Stadium (Sunday 5pm) Newcastle United host Tottenham Hotspur at St James' Park (Sunday 4pm) Aston Villa host Liverpool at Villa Park (Sunday 3pm)
Martin Odegaard signed for Real Madrid in a £2.3m deal in January. The 16-year-old joined the club from Stromsgodset in Norway. Odegaard has been dropped from Real Madrid's B-team Castilla. Zinedine Zidane wants Castilla to secure promotion to the second division.
Jurgen Klopp will leave Borussia Dortmund at the end of the season. The 47-year-old has been linked with a move to the Premier League. Arsenal defender Per Mertesacker says Klopp would be a good fit.
Oscar has not played a full 90 minutes for Chelsea since February. The Brazil international has been linked with a move away from Stamford Bridge. But Oscar insists he is happy at Chelsea and will be staying in the summer. Chelsea currently hold a seven-point lead in the Premier League title race.
Floyd Mayweather is nicknamed 'Money' as much for his ostentatious displays of wealth as his actual bank balance. Earlier this year Mayweather posted a picture to various social media sites showing him stood in front of a fleet of super cars and a private jet. Marvin Hagler believes Mayweather lacks class and does not act in the manner befitting a champion.
David Seaman says his save against Sheffield United in the FA Cup was the best he's ever made during his career. The 51-year-old says it tops his penalty heroics for England. Arsenal face Reading in the semi-final of the FA Cup on Saturday.
Joe Calzaghe and girlfriend Lucy enjoyed a jet-ski session on the beach. But their fun was interrupted by a downpour of rain in Barbados. The former undisputed super-middleweight champion retired seven years ago.
Danny Ings is a target for Manchester United boss Louis van Gaal. Burnley striker is also being chased by Liverpool. Ings has scored nine goals in his first season in the Premier League. United are also interested in Mats Hummels, Memphis Depay and Nathaniel Clyne. Click here for Manchester United transfer news.
Manny Pacquiao will fight Floyd Mayweather Jnr in Las Vegas on May 2. The Filipino has released a tune ahead of the mega-fight. The song 'Lalaban Ako Para Sa Filipino' translates as 'I will fight for the Fillipino'
Michael van Gerwen beat Raymond van Barneveld 7-2 last week. The world No 1 is undefeated in Premier League Darts so far. Van Barneveld faces Gary Anderson in Manchester on Thursday.
Phil Taylor squandered a 4-2 lead to lose 7-4 against Dave Chisnall. The defeat for Taylor sees him finish the opening set of round robin fixtures in fifth. The victory for Chisnall moved him up to second in the table.
Australian newspapers pay tribute to Richie Benaud. The former Australia captain died aged 84 on Friday. The Daily Telegraph had a special tribute edition. The Weekend Australian went with 'the voice of our endless summers falls silent'
Alexis Sanchez's shot squirmed through Reading goalkeeper Adam Federici's legs in the 106th minute. Arsenal went on to win the FA Cup semi-final 2-1 after extra time. Arsenal will face either Liverpool or Aston Villa in the final at Wembley.
England captain Alastair Cook won the toss and chose to bat first in the first Test against West Indies. England lost opener Gary Ballance and captain Cook in the first two overs of the day. Jonathan Trott was out for a three-ball duck in the first over of the day. Ian Bell and Joe Root added 177 for the fourth wicket to rescue England. Ben Stokes unbeaten on 71 at the close of play on day one of the first Test.
Radamel Falcao joined Manchester United on a season-long loan last summer. But he has struggled to hit the heights he achieved before injury. United will have to pay £46million to make his loan permanent. But former Monaco team-mate Nabil Dirar believes he must be regretting his move.
Alan Pardew was in charge of Newcastle from 2010 to January this year. Former striker Alan Shearer also had a brief spell in charge of the club. Supporters are planning to boycott the next home game with Spurs.
Liverpool beat Newcastle United 2-0 at Anfield on Monday night. Raheem Sterling opened the scoring in the first half. Brendan Rodgers said he would speak to Sterling about his behaviour. The 20-year-old was pictured on Sunday smoking a shisha pipe.
Manchester City defeated West Ham 2-0 in their Premier League clash. Sergio Aguero scored his 20th league goal of the season. James Collins scored an own-goal to give City an early lead.
Protest group AshleyOut.com had urged fans to boycott the game. Several hundred gathered outside of St James' Park before kick-off. There they called for billionaire Ashley to quit the club.
Manchester City host West Ham United at the Etihad Stadium on Sunday. City had won their last five games against the Hammers by an aggregate score of 14-1. West Ham inflicted City's second league defeat of the season at Upton Park in October.
Carlo Ancelotti has been linked with a return to the Premier League. Manchester City manager Manuel Pellegrini is under pressure. But Ancelotti says he will remain at Real Madrid next season. Karim Benzema is out of Real Madrid's match against Malaga tonight.
Rafa Benitez is set to leave Napoli this summer. The Spaniard was made Chelsea interim manager in 2012. The fans never warmed to him but he got the job done. He won the Europa League and finished 3rd in the Premier League.
Yaya Toure's agent, Dimitri Seluk, has criticised Manchester City. He called Manuel Pellegrini a 'weak manager' and said the club are trying to make Toure a scapegoat for bigger problems behind the scenes. Seluk also criticised the club's chief executive Ferran Soriano and director of football Txiki Begiristain.
Chelsea beat Manchester United 1-0 at Stamford Bridge on Saturday. Jose Mourinho's side held the ball for just 29 per cent of the match. That is their lowest possession total over 90 minutes since Opta started recording this sort of data in 2006. The Blues boss insists he is unconcerned by statistics.
Stoke keeper Asmir Begovic has been linked with a move to Real Madrid. Potters boss Mark Hughes has played down the reports. Hughes is also hopeful of signing Barcelona B winger Moha El Ouriachi.
Barcelona defeated Paris Saint-Germain 3-1 in their Champions League last 16 first leg clash at the Parc de Princes. Luis Suarez opened the scoring with a stunning first-half strike to put the hosts in the lead. Neymar doubled the Catalans' advantage in the second half before Suarez completed his brace. Edinson Cavani scored a late consolation goal for the French champions.
Josep Maria Bartomeu says Barcelona are'very happy' with Luis Enrique. Enrique signed a two-year deal with the club last summer. The Barca president says there is 'a lot of time to talk about his contract' Enrique's side are six points clear at the top of La Liga.
Cristiano Ronaldo scored his 300th goal for Real Madrid on April 8. The Portuguese forward reached the landmark figure in only his 288th game. Ronaldo was presented with a special '300' shirt by Florentino Perez.
Lionel Messi has been with Barcelona since the age of 13. The Argentine was linked with a move away from the Nou Camp earlier this year. Messi scored his 400th goal for Barca in Saturday's 2-0 triumph over Valencia.
Radamel Falcao joined Manchester United on a one-year loan deal in September. The Colombian has scored just four goals in 25 appearances for United. Monaco vice-president Vadim Vasilyev claims United are keeping their options open.
Monaco host Juventus in the Champions League quarter-finals on Wednesday. Leonardo Jardim's side are bidding to overturn a 1-0 deficit from the first leg. The Monaco coach insists he is proud of his side's progress so far.
Manny Pacquiao is due to fight Floyd Mayweather in Las Vegas on May 2. A conference call about the fight was cancelled on Monday due to technical difficulties. The Filipino could only answer one question from a Top Rank PR person.
Jordan Henderson will sign a new long-term contract at Liverpool. The midfielder's new deal is likely to be worth around £100,000-a-week. Henderson's new deal will run until the summer of 2020.
Andre Schurrle was a target for Rafa Benitez before he joined Wolfsburg. The Napoli boss also tried to sign Ivan Perisic and Luiz Gustavo. The two sides meet in the Europa League quarter-finals on Thursday.
Barcelona face Paris Saint-Germain in the Champions League last 16. Luis Suarez has scored 19 goals in all competitions for the Catalan club. Suarez admits he was nervous at playing alongside Lionel Messi and Neymar at Barcelona.
Werder Bremen beat bottom club Hamburg 1-0 in the northern derby. Franco Di Santo scored from the spot to keep Werder's Europa League hopes alive. Hamburg are the only team never to have played in the second division since the creation of the Bundesliga in 1963.
Arsenal beat Reading 2-1 after extra time in the FA Cup semi-final. Alexis Sanchez's shot squirmed through Adam Federici's legs. Arsene Wenger accepted his side were 'a bit lucky' to get to the final.
Simon Mignolet has backed Divock Origi to be a success at Liverpool. Origi joined Liverpool after impressing at last summer's World Cup. The 19-year-old was loaned back to Lille for this season. Origi was recently voted the second most overrated player in Ligue 1.
Jose Mourinho has the best clean sheets percentage record in Premier League history. Chelsea boss has 101 shut-outs in 189 games, nullifying rivals in 53.4 per cent of games. Rafa Benitez is second on the list, averaging 0.82 goals per game. Sir Alex Ferguson retired with 359 shut-outs and clean sheet percentage of 44.3. Roberto Mancini is third, on 0.83 and Bruce Rioch fourth on 0.84.
Floyd Mayweather has shared a video flaunting his wealth on Instagram. The 15-second video shows off his cars, watches and carpets of cash. It even features a room full of half-naked girls twerking for his amusement. The video surfaces just two weeks before his fight with Manny Pacquiao.
Atletico Madrid are in talks to sign Paulo Dybala, according to reports. Palermo representatives are in Madrid on Friday, according to AS. Porto coach Julen Lopetegui is linked with the Real Madrid job. Carlo Ancelotti has told Isco to be more defensive, according to Marca. Mundo Deportivo have installed Barcelona as favourites to win the Champions League.
Manchester City are currently fourth in the Premier League table. City were beaten 4-2 by Manchester United at Old Trafford on April 12. Joe Hart says the squad have had a lot of honest conversations.
Anderson Silva will meet with Brazilian taekwondo officials in the hope of competing in next year's Olympics in Rio de Janeiro. The 40-year-old Brazilian posted a photo of himself practising taekwondo on Wednesday. Silva tested positive for two steroids in an out-of-competition test Jan. 9, and also failed a test after his UFC victory over Nick Diaz on Jan. 31.
AP McCoy landed the second win of his last Aintree meeting. The jockey won on board Gordon Elliott’s Don Cossack. Don Cossack took apart a strong Melling Chase field with a 26-length defeat of Cue Card.
Juventus have made a move for Palermo striker Paulo Dybala. Manchester United and Arsenal have been linked with a move for the forward. Cristiano Ronaldo scored his 300th goal for Real Madrid on Wednesday. Barcelona continue to resist Real Madrid's charge at the top of La Liga.
Andy Flower will not be interfering in the work of the next director of England cricket. Kevin Pietersen continues to dominate the PR battle against the ECB. Andrew Strauss is one of the weak links in the commentary box.
Bayern Munich doctor Hans-Wilhelm Muller-Wohlfahrt has quit. The 72-year-old has served the Bundesliga club for almost 40 years. Muller-Wohlfahrt claims the club's medical department has been blamed for their shock Champions League defeat by Porto. His son Kilian, Peter Ueblacker and Lutz Hansel, who are all part of the team at Bayern, have also resigned.
Ander Herrera has played down comparisons with Paul Scholes. Scholes scored 107 goals in 499 games for Manchester United. Herrera has scored seven goals in 26 appearances for United.
Eugene in the United States has been awarded the rights to host the 2021 IAAF World Championships. The decision was taken by the International Association of Athletics Federations Council. Eugene failed last November in its bid to host the 2019 event, which was instead awarded to Doha.
Jessica Ennis-Hill will return to the track at the Great City Games in May. She will take on Katarina Johnson-Thompson in Austria at the end of the month. The 29-year-old admits juggling motherhood with her Olympic ambitions is her biggest challenge ever.
PSV Eindhoven confirm Manchester United have made enquiries for Memphis Depay. Liverpool have also spoken to the Holland international's representatives. PSV value the 21-year-old at £25million and rejected a £14m bid from Tottenham for him last summer.
Tatyana Chernova failed a drugs test two years before beating Jessica Ennis-Hill in the heptathlon at the 2011 World Championships in South Korea. Chernova's ban is due to expire in time for this year's World Championships in Beijing and the 2016 Olympics in Rio. Ennis-Hill has written to the IAAF to ask shy Chernova has been allowed to keep her world title.
Atletico Madrid drew 0-0 with Real Madrid in the Champions League. Mario Mandzukic was battered and bruised by Sergio Ramos and Dani Carvajal. Diego Simeone says Mandzukic should be fit for the return leg.
Real Madrid boss Carlo Ancelotti is adamant his side can cope without injured trio Luka Modric, Gareth Bale and Karim Benzema. The two teams come head-to-head in the second leg of their Champions League quarter-final at the Santiago Bernabeu. Ancelotti could start Isco, Jese and Javier Hernandez in the absence of key triumverate Modric, Bale and Benzema.
Real Madrid take on Atletico Madrid in the Champions League on Wednesday. Carlo Ancelotti's side drew 0-0 with Atletico in the first leg last week. Madrid will be without the injured Karim Benzema for the clash.
Alex Elenes went on a trip of a lifetime to see the Amazon rainforest. His cousin Roxy de la Rosa posted the pictures on Reddit this week. Alex missed seeing sloths and monkeys, and giant Amazon lily pads.
Jessica Carey drove more than three hours to surprise her grandmother. She revealed she had a portrait of a younger Patty Lawing tattooed on her arm. Patty's heartwarming reaction was captured on film by a relative.
Adam Johnson has been charged with three counts of sexual activity with an underage girl and one of grooming. The 26-year-old played 81 minutes of Sunderland's 2-0 defeat by Manchester United shortly before being arrested. Johnson was considered a prospect for Roy Hodgson as recently as a year ago.
Aston Villa could sign Florin Andone for as little as £2.5million. Cordoba are poised to be relegated and need to raise funds. Andone has scored six goals in 17 games for Cordoba this season.
Shaheen Pirouz from Denton, Texas, filmed her tiny pet canine being propped up and repeatedly falling forwards. Footage shows him being positioned on his back legs, with his eyes immediately starting to close.
Labour's Scottish leader Jim Murphy scored winning goal in charity match. Match organised to help Motor Neurone Disease campaigner Gordon Aikman. Mr Aikman was diagnosed with the terminal condition less than a year ago. He has raised over £250,000 for research into a cure through his campaign.
Southampton host Tottenham in the Premier League on Saturday. Ronald Koeman has called on his players to focus on European qualification. Victor Wanyama's future has been the subject of speculation.
Inverness beat Celtic 3-2 after extra-time in Scottish Cup semi-final. Josh Meekings was not sent off and no penalty was given. The Englishman admitted he was fortunate not to have conceded a penalty.
Manchester City have increased prices of some season tickets. The 283 per cent rise has been strongly criticised by some of those affected. They claim the club are trying to force migration to other parts of the Etihad.
Blackpool fan Frank Knight was sued by the Oyston family for alleged defamatory comments made on his Facebook page. Knight settled before court proceedings with the owners of the Championship’s basement club. Supporters up and down the country have reacted by raising close to £15,000 in under three days – an act of defiance against the running of Blackpool. Knight is a lifelong fan of the Seasiders and was ordered to apologise for posting a disparaging status online this time last year.
Juventus beat Lazio 2-0 to move 15 points clear at the top of Serie A. Carlos Tevez scored the opening goal and celebrated by dancing like a chicken. Lionel Messi scored his 400th goal for Barcelona in a 2-0 win over Valencia. Paris Saint-Germain moved to the top of Ligue 1 by beating Nice 3-1.
Liverpool face Aston Villa in the FA Cup semi-final on Sunday. Daniel Sturridge has been struggling with a hip injury. Comedian Darren Farley impersonated Michael Owen in a promotional video.
Cristiano Ronaldo and Lionel Messi have scored eight goals each. Shakhtar Donetsk's Luiz Adriano has netted nine times this season. Arsenal and Liverpool are interested in signing the Brazilian.
Kurt Zouma was deployed in defensive midfield against Manchester United. The 20-year-old man-marked Marouane Fellaini superbly. Jose Mourinho believes Zouma could play for Chelsea for at least 10 years.
Zinedine Zidane has revealed his admiration for Eden Hazard. The Real Madrid reserve boss said Hazard excites him more than Cristiano Ronaldo and Lionel Messi. Hazard could be named PFA Player of the Year on Sunday.
Cristiano Ronaldo, Carlos Tevez, Paul Pogba and Gerard Pique in semi-finals of Champions League. Patrice Evra and Javier Hernandez left Manchester United last season. Louis van Gaal has relied heavily on Radamel Falcao and Radamel Falcao.
Chelsea are 10 points clear at the top of the Premier League table. The Blues travel to the Emirates to face Arsenal on Sunday. Arsenal have won their last eight matches in the league. Oscar has aspirations of further success in the coming seasons.
On Friday it will be 100 years since 50,000 watched the FA Cup final. Sheffield United beat Chelsea 3-0 at Old Trafford in controversial final. Many soldiers were already on leave or in training at the time.
Qatar have unveiled the design for their fifth World Cup stadium, the 40,000-seater Al Rayyan Stadium. The stadium is inspired by sand dunes and its design has been produced by UK-based architecture firms Ramboll and Pattern. Fans in the stands will sit in a comfortable 24-28 degrees Celsius, while paths and walkways leading to the stadium will also be cooled.
Inverness defender Josh Meekings will be allowed to play in Scottish Cup final after his ban was dismissed by Judicial Panel. Inverness boss John Hughes was ready to walk away from his job. Keen cyclist Hughes set off on a lonely bike ride after hearing Meekings had been cited for the handball missed by officials in the semi-final against Celtic.
Jockey Blake Shinn rode his pants off in the opening race of a meeting in Sydney. The elastic in his pants gave way, exposing his backside to punters. Shinn was forced to ride more than 200 metres to the finish line. Acting chief steward Greg Rudolph said he had never seen anything like it in his time in racing.
Jordan Henderson has signed a new five-year £100,000-a-week deal. Midfielder almost left Liverpool in 2012 but rejected a move to Fulham. Henderson could take Steven Gerrard's place as Liverpool captain.
Kunis is being sued for $5,000 by a woman claiming to be her former childhood friend. Kristina Karo says she suffered emotional trauma after Kunis confessed to stealing her pet hen 25 years ago. Kunis has responded with a video claiming she will counter-sue for injuries sustained while watching Karo's music video.
Terri Hernandez is opening up about the bond she shared with Ursula Lloyd during her son's murder trial. Hernandez says she grew close to Lloyd, even thinking about her when the jury came back with their first degree murder conviction. Lloyd refused to comment on the story, saying she no longer wished to speak about her son's murder.
Video shows 'vampire girl' preying on late-night walkers in Odessa, Ukraine. Young girl dressed in white nightgown waits for walkers before screaming. She also spotted feasting on a fake carcass or chasing 'victims' through park.
San Bernardino County supervisors approved the settlement with 30-year-old Francis Pusok in a closed meeting. Pusok's arrest was recorded by a TV news helicopter and has led to an FBI civil rights investigation and 10 deputies being placed on leave. Pusok revealed that he had been handcuffed for '99 per cent' of the beating and that near the end of the scarring experience a deputy whispered into his ear: 'This isn't over'
Jonathan Pitre, 14, has Epidermolysis Bullosa - or 'butterfly skin' He is covered with deep blistering wounds that will never heal. Holding cutlery to eat is incredibly difficult. Bathing is excruciating and he must be bathed and bandaged every day. Unless a cure is found, he will likely only live to 25. But he says: 'I just have to get on with it'
The footage captured at Spring Garden station in Philadelphia on Tuesday shows the group of youngsters viciously attacking the victims. They then pull them to the ground, punch them and repeatedly stamp on their heads. The brawl, involving students from Benjamin Franklin High School, even spilled onto the tracks.
The 20,000 square foot mansion in the ritzy suburb of Barrington is opulent and private, sitting by two lakes in eight acres of manicured gardens. The sophisticated five bedroom, nine bathroom French Country-style estate that serves as a glamorous backdrop to the show is listed at $13 million. It took five years to build, with construction finally coming to a halt in 2008.
YouTube user Lionel Hutz filmed his young son chasing the family feline around the garden in a bid to get some rest. Footage shows the cat licking his fur before his human friend comes along and plonks himself on top.
Two men have died after being crushed by timber that fell on top of them inside a shipping container. Authorities were called to an industrial site in Wetherill Park, west of Sydney, shortly after 11am on Thursday. Police found the three men inside a shipping container on a property on Victoria Street. Two men died at the scene as a result and the surviving man was taken to nearby Fairfield Hospital in a serious condition.
Witnesses to the abduction said four people wrapped the pup in a blanket and left in a car around 3:20 a.m. from Dockweiler State Beach. The initial police report said the animal was a small seal. Marine Animal Rescue managed to save another young sea lion shortly after the animal escaped several people said to be harassing it.
Pep Guardiola wore a suit that was a little too tight during Bayern Munich's 6-1 win over Porto. The Spanish manager joked after the game: 'I'll have to buy new ones for the next match' The current trend for wearing a whistle and flute that is at least a size too small, presumably to showcase a well-honed physique, has seen plenty of stars sail a little close to the wardrobe malfunction wind.
A little girl named Anya Brodie asked Michelle Obama her age and when Obama told her she was 51-years-old the little girl just couldn't believe it. Michelle Obama was so touched by the little girl's flattery that she called her up on stage to give her a big hug.
Harry Kane has scored 30 goals for Tottenham so far this season. The forward made his England debut against Lithuania in March. Tottenham manager Mauricio Pochettino would prefer Kane to rest at the end of his first full campaign rather than compete in the tournament.
Brendan Rodgers insists he is the right man to lead Liverpool next season. The Reds are yet to win a trophy in another trophyless campaign. Liverpool face West Brom in the Premier League on Saturday. Jordan Henderson trained with Steven Gerrard on the day he signed a new contract.
Southampton host Tottenham Hotspur in the Premier League on Saturday. Mauricio Pochettino managed Southampton between 2013 and 2014. Pochettino left for Tottenham Hotspur on a five-year deal last summer. Ronald Koeman has praised Pochettino's 'great job' at St Mary's.
Spartak Moscow have been fined £2,500 and their fans barred from two away games. The Russian Football Union said Spartak fans displayed 'a banner of discriminatory content with a racist symbol' The incident took place during the team's 1-0 Russian Premier League loss to Arsenal Tula earlier this month.
Accident happened during rush hour in Changchun city, China. Pictures and videos of the scene were posted to Weibo, China's equivalent of Twitter. It's unclear if this is a military tank but people inside wear camouflage uniforms.
Israel is developing a system to accurately detect tunnelling activity. It will be able to detect activity at a distance using a series of sensors. These sensors were so precise there would be 'no false alarms' It is thought the system will cost around £2.3million ($3.5m) per mile to install.
Steven Gerrard is leaving Liverpool at the end of the season. Marouane Fellaini has hailed the departing Reds captain as the best passer of the ball he has faced during his professional career. The Manchester United midfielder also rates Wayne Rooney as the best finisher he has played with at Old Trafford.
Kyle Walker picked up an injury against Burnley earlier this month. Scans showed the England defender had not broken his foot. Walker has been provided with a protective boot to ensure no further damage is caused.
Jordon Ibe will sign a new five-year contract with Liverpool this week. The 19-year-old has agreed terms on a deal which will keep him at Anfield until 2020. Ibe spent the first half of this season on loan at Derby County but returned to Liverpool in January and has made a notable impact in his eight appearances.
Brendan Rodgers is under pressure at Liverpool after a third straight season without a trophy. The Reds are currently seventh in the Premier League table. Jamie Carragher believes Rodgers is still the right man for the job. Carragher was speaking after collecting a Beacon Award for his community work on Merseyside.
Jack Grealish has become the third Premier League starlet to be caught on camera apparently inhaling nitrous oxide. Raheem Sterling and Saido Berahino were both pictured sucking from balloons. Grealish is ready to commit his international future to England if Roy Hodgson assures him he figures in his long-term plans.
Nine-year-old girl was attacked by a lion in the Siberian village of Namtsy. The animal was being walked like a dog by circus entertainers. The girl was taken to hospital after the attack in one of the coldest places in the world.
Liverpool are interested in signing Ciro Immobile from Borussia Dortmund. The Italy international has struggled in the Bundesliga this season. Arsenal have long been interested in Monaco midfielder Geoffrey Kondogbia. Spartak Moscow want to rescue Nemanja Vidic from Inter Milan. Stoke City are keen on Blackpool teenager Dom Telford. Fulham and QPR are interested in Celtic defender Efe Ambrose.
Andrea Dossena was arrested on suspicion of shoplifting on April 7. The 33-year-old was released after being interviewed by police. Dossena is currently on a short-term contract with Leyton Orient.
Tottenham are chasing highly-rated 1860 Munich midfielder Julian Weigl. The 19-year-old has a buy-out clause of £2.5million. Juventus and Borussia Dortmund are also said to be interested.
Edinson Cavani scored twice in PSG's League Cup final win on Saturday. Manchester United have been linked with a move for the Uruguayan. PSG owner Nasser Al-Khelaifi says the club will not sell the forward.
The US women's team will be wearing new Nike kits for the World Cup. The all white strip features hints of black and yellow. The aqua colour cleats are a tribute to Canada who will be hosting the tournament. Nike have been forced to defend their decision not to promote the 'Stars and Stripes'
Sir Alex Ferguson made a £5,000 donation to the Remember Mary Barbour Fund. The former Manchester United boss was in Glasgow to raise money for a permanent memorial to the woman who famously led a rent strike in the city at the height of the First World War. The 73-year-old has revealed that his life hasn't slowed down as merely changed gear since he stepped down as United manager in the summer of 2013.
Ronald Koeman has met with his Southampton players to refocus their minds on European qualification. Victor Wanyama's future came under question after an interview where he seemed to hint at move to Arsenal. Morgan Schneiderlin, Nathaniel Clyne and Jay Rodriguez have all been linked with a move away.
Teresa Bullock captured the two-minute clip at her house in Ohio. It was filmed on the birthday of her 18-year-old Macaque monkey named Angel. The video shows the monkey having its eyebrows plucked with tweezers. Owner then proceeds to apply what looks like moisturising cream, eye-liner, mascara and finally, and perhaps most shockingly, red lipstick. PETA's UK director, Mimi Bekhechi, said that videos like this 'often inspire ill-informed people to obtain monkeys as pets'
Paul Doyle, 56, moved family into £820,000 home in Altrincham, Cheshire. Put down £200,000 deposit and obtained £600,000 mortgage on property. But his family were probed after scandalising leafy neighbourhood. His teenage son regularly rode quad bikes around streets and received Asbo. Police kept watch on family’s home where Doyle chopped down hedge. He was eventually arrested during raid on five-bedroom house in July 2014. Admitted supplying class A and B drugs, plus money laundering and benefit fraud.
Inverness defender Josh Meekings was banned for the Scottish Cup final. Referees failed to see a handball in the build-up to the match against Celtic. The SFA changed the rules to allow the use of video evidence to review incidents the referee had clearly missed.
Chris Ramsey is convinced he is the right man to bring long-term success to Loftus Road. Ramsey has overseen just one victory since he was appointed permanent manager in February. West Ham's Sam Allardyce and Bournemouth's Eddie Howe have both been linked with Ramsey's job in the summer.
Celtic lost 3-2 to Inverness Caledonian Thistle in the Scottish Cup semi-final. Virgil van Dijk believes Josh Meekings should have been awarded a penalty for handling Leigh Griffiths' header. The Dutchman was also sent off against Inter Milan in February.
John Carver and Jonas Gutierrez had a training-ground bust-up last week. Gutierrez was left out of Newcastle's squad for Sunday's defeat by Spurs. Carver says the pair have shaken hands and moved on from the incident.
Chris Ramsey has been in caretaker charge of QPR since Harry Redknapp resigned in February. The 52-year-old insists he's happy at Loftus Road and will stay for as long as the club want him. Reports have linked Ramsey with a move to Aston Villa in the summer.
Kimi Raikkonen was fastest in Friday's practice session for the Bahrain Grand Prix. Mercedes duo Lewis Hamilton and Nico Rosberg were 16th and 17th. Jenson Button stalled his McLaren after just three minutes of the session.
Manny Pacquiao will fight Floyd Mayweather in Las Vegas on May 2. The Filipino has been installed as the underdog for the mega-fight. Pacquiao says he must be a 'warrior in the ring' to beat Mayweather.
Trucker lets rip after a car towing a caravan moves into his lane and the two vehicles collide. Eventually the car towing the caravan jackknifes, coming to rest across the front of the van, blocking slip road. Footage was posted on Facebook and viewed around 2million times in less than 48 hours before being removed.
Gloucester face Edinburgh in the Challenge Cup final on May 1. Jonny May was dropped from the England squad for the RBS 6 Nations. The Cherry and Whites beat Exeter 30-19 in the semi-final.
Justin Rose finished joint runner-up at the Masters 2015. The Englishman posted a photograph on Twitter of his state-of-the-art £30,000 indoor golf simulator. The simulator gives players the opportunity to practice in HD and includes such wind conditions to elevation levels.
Trainer Roger Varian insists he has not lost faith in Belardo. 2014 Dewhurst Stakes winner beat only one home in Saturday’s Greenham Stakes. Varian’s determination to keep the son of Lope De Vega away from the fast ground he encountered at Newbury means the colt looks more likely to head to the French 2,000 Guineas.
Benvolio withdrawn from Coral Scottish National at Ayr. AP McCoy will ride at Sandown a week before he retires. McCoy finished fifth on Shutthefrontdoor in the Grand National.
Hamilton suffered a lock-up in the second sector of the Bahrain International Circuit, costing him four tenths of a second. Rosberg was slower in sectors one and two of FP2 but a mistake from Hamilton gifted him first place. Sebastian Vettel finished fourth, behind Rosberg, Hamilton and third-placed Kimi Raikkonen.
Aaron Cruden will miss the World Cup after rupturing his knee. The All Blacks No 10 will have surgery on Wednesday. Cruden has started 15 Tests for New Zealand in the last two years.
Frankie Dettori made it six winners in four days as well as three flying dismounts with a treble at Newbury on Saturday. Spring has sprung this week and Dettori has been bouncing higher than Tigger. Dettori now has nine winners from 29 rides, not sound seismic but it is significant compared to the last two seasons.
Saracens lost 13-9 to Clermont in the Champions Cup semi-final on Saturday. Mark McCall's side featured five English-qualified forwards in their starting line-up. Saracens chairman Nigel Wray has called for the £5.5m cap to be scrapped.
Mohammad Hafeez was reported for a suspect action five months ago. The Pakistan all-rounder then injured his calf and missed the World Cup. Hafeez played as a specialist batsman in Pakistan's one-day international defeat against Bangladesh on Sunday, making a duck at number three.
England had a good day on Tuesday at the start of second Test. But they are lacking something different in their bowling attack. Alastair Cook's side have not won away from home since 2012.
Steven Finn was overlooked for the West Indies tour. But the fast bowler says he's regained his previous best form. Finn says he's been watching footage of when he was on top of his game.
Ben Stokes was at the centre of everything on a hard-fought first day of the second Test as England strove to set up the victory that is essential to their wellbeing. First the Durham all-rounder injured himself, then he struck immediately when he came on to bowl and finally became embroiled in a heated dispute with Marlon Samuels that led to him being admonished by umpire Steve Davis. All in a day’s work for a gifted but raw all-rounder who seemingly will always flirt with the self-destruct button.
Wiggins will ride for his eponymous team in the May 1 to 3 race. The 2012 Tour de France winner was not selected in Team Sky's 2014 squad for the race when it began in Yorkshire. The Tour de Yorkshire, which begins in Bridlington and finishes in Leeds, is a legacy of the Grand Depart.
West Indies went to lunch 36 for two on day one of the second Test. James Anderson had Kraigg Brathwaite caught behind. Replays clearly showed Devon Smith had missed the ball. Smith declined his choice to review the decision.
Graeme Dott beat Ricky Walden 10-8 at the Crucible on Sunday. The 37-year-old remains aggrieved by having to play three best-of-19-frame matches just to get to the main draw. John Higgins impressed with a 10-5 victory over Robert Milkins.
Cleveland Cavaliers beat Boston Celtics 113-100 in their playoff opener. Kyrie Irving scored 30 points and LeBron James added 20. Los Angeles Clippers beat San Antonio Spurs 107-92. Kyle Korver scored 21 points as Atlanta Hawks beat Brooklyn Nets 99-92. Memphis Grizzlies beat Portland Trail Blazers 100-86 in Western Conference.
James Ward-Prowse opened the scoring from the penalty spot in the 56th minute. Graziano Pelle ended his Premier League goal drought to double Southampton's lead in the 81st minute. The win lifts Ronald Koeman's side up to sixth in the table, while Hull remain in the relegation zone.
Tony Pulis returned to Selhurst Park for the first time since he left Crystal Palace two days before this season kicked off. Before two minutes on the clock, James Morrison headed West Brom ahead following a corner from Chris Brunt. West Brom doubled their lead with a fine long range effort from midfielder Craig Gardner.
Ronald Koeman made enquiries for Tonny Vilhena in January. Feyenoord winger Vilhena has one year left on his contract at the Dutch club. Koeman is also monitoring his teammate Jordy Clasie. Eljero Elia's loan move from Werder Bremen could be made permanent.
Everton defender Leighton Baines is a big music lover. The England international is friends with rocker Miles Kane. Baines admits he doesn't know any of One Direction's songs.
Sunderland are considering a summer move for Werder Bremen's Franco di Santo. The Argentine has scored 13 goals in 22 games this season. Di Santo previously played for Chelsea but failed to make an impact.
Morgan Schneiderlin gave Southampton the lead at the Britannia Stadium on Saturday afternoon. But Mame Biram Diouf and Charlie Adam scored in the second half to earn Stoke City all three points. The result leaves Ronald Koeman's side six points behind fourth-placed Manchester City in the Premier League.
Jack Grealish starred for Aston Villa in their FA Cup win over Liverpool. The 19-year-old is wanted by the Republic of Ireland and England. Tim Sherwood wants Grealish to focus on his Aston Villa career.
Walter Smith has praised Stuart McCall for making an impact at Ibrox. But Smith says Ally McCoist was given little chance of succeeding. McCall has put Rangers in the driving seat for second place in the Scottish Championship.
Liverpool manager Brendan Rodgers was convicted of leaving a property in Accrington to rot. He was fined £400 and ordered to pay £375 costs, with a £40 surcharge. The house was left with broken windows and doors strewn across the garden. Rodgers and co-owner Judith O'Hagan had their case overturned. Hyndburn Borough Council said neither received a summons.
Andres Iniesta says he is 'unhappy' with his form for Barcelona this season. The 30-year-old assisted Neymar for the opening goal against PSG. Iniesta is yet to score or create a goal for Barcelona in La Liga.
Tony Pulis led West Brom to a 2-0 victory over Crystal Palace on Saturday. The Baggies boss will turn up to the stadium in suit and tie. He will then return straight after the match to address the press.
Per Mertesacker limped off in Arsenal's FA Cup semi-final win over Reading. Scans showed the 6ft 6in German had just a minor ankle sprain. Gabriel Paulista will deputise for Mertesacker against Chelsea on Sunday.
Reading lost their second game in a row after losing to Arsenal in the FA Cup semi-final after extra-time on Saturday. Clayton Donaldson scored a late header to give Birmingham City all three points. Donaldson, who signed from Brentford in the summer, has now scored 16 goals for the season.
Gary Gardner will report to Aston Villa for pre-season training. The 22-year-old has been on loan at Nottingham Forest this season. Tim Sherwood will assess Gardner's progress before making a decision.
Aston Villa face Arsenal in the FA Cup final at Wembley on Saturday. Shay Given is set to start in goal for Tim Sherwood's side. Brad Guzan was injured for the semi-final win against Liverpool.
Blackpool were relegated to the third tier on Monday night. Supporters gathered outside the club's club reception before their game with Reading. A flare, a smoke bomb and fireworks were thrown into the cordoned-off area in front of the main entrance. Stewards and police were present but the protests did not spill over into violence.
Brazil legend Ronaldo would love to play with his namesake Cristiano Ronaldo. The 38-year-old ended his playing career in 2011. Ronaldo now co-owns Fort Lauderdale Strikers, a North American side.
Joe Lewis wore an autographed shirt in last week's Championship match with Reading because the club had no spares, says Andrea Orlandi. The signed shirt was meant to be put aside for a club sponsor but Lewis had to wear it because Blackpool, who have no kitman, had no others to give him. The club's relegation from the Championship was confirmed last week following Rotherham's 1-0 win over Brighton.
Tommy Smith's first-half header rebounded off Richard Stearman for an own goal to hand Ipswich the lead. Benik Afobe equalised for Wolves with a brilliant volley after the break. The result means Kenny Jackett's side are still in the Championship play-off hunt.
Blackpool drew 1-1 with Reading in their Championship clash. Jamie O'Hara gave the hosts the lead from the penalty spot. But Grant Hall scored an own goal just after half-time. Disgruntled fans gathered outside Bloomfield Road to protest against the Oyston family.
Micky Adams became the 42nd manager to be sacked this season. Forty sackings were recorded by the League Managers’ Association before the end of March, which was an all-time high. Trend is set to smash its previous record of 46, set in 2006-07.
Barcelona beat Paris St Germain 3-1 in the Champions League on Wednesday. Andres Iniesta was substituted with a bruised pelvis in the second half. The midfielder could now miss Saturday's game against Valencia.
British Transport Police has recorded 630 football-related incidents this season. Chief Constable Paul Crowther said the impact on ordinary passengers is 'unacceptable' Police believe the scale of football-related crime on the transport network may be higher than the figures show.
Tim Sherwood wants to make Swindon Town midfielder Massimo Luongo one of his first summer signings at Aston Villa. Sherwood sent Luongo, an Australian international, to the County Ground on loan during his spell as development director at White Hart Lane. Luongo was player of the tournament during Australia's successful Asian Cup in January.
Kevin Pietersen was struck on the hand by a ball during Surrey's match against Oxford University. The batsman was taken off as a precaution and did not return after tea. Pietersen is hoping to win back his England Test place with a return to red ball cricket.
Tim Sherwood revealed his 'win bonus' to the assembled media on Friday. The Aston Villa manager was responding to a letter from fan Charlie Pye. Pye wanted a WWE wrestling figure and sweets as a win bonus.
Raheem Sterling opened the scoring for Liverpool in the ninth minute. Newcastle's Moussa Sissoko was sent off for a second bookable offence. Liverpool substitute Rickie Lambert made sure of the points in the 71st minute.
Juventus beat Monaco 1-0 on aggregate in the Champions League quarter-final. Giorgio Chiellini committed a deliberate handball after slipping on the turf. The 30-year-old comically scrambled the ball out of the way of Joao Moutinho.
Gareth Bale has been linked with a return to the Premier League. The 25-year-old has struggled for form in his second season at Real. Mark Hughes believes he has the advantage of having a good family support.
Jamie Carragher does not feel Diego Simeone plays the right football. Atletico Madrid lost 1-0 to Real Madrid in the Champions League. But Simeone was proud of his team's performance.
Liverpool face Aston Villa in the FA Cup semi-final on Sunday. Daniel Sturridge failed to train with the team on Thursday. The striker missed Liverpool's 2-0 win over Newcastle on Monday.
Richard Eckersley began his career at Manchester United. The 26-year-old made only two Premier League appearances for United. After failing to make an impact at Old Trafford he signed for Burnley. Eckersley made over 50 appearances for MLS outfit Toronto FC.
Inter and AC Milan played out a goalless draw at the San Siro in Serie A's 214th Derby della Madonnina. Neither side could break the deadlock, with few clear-cut chances in the first half. Philippe Mexes thought he had scored an own goal, but it was ruled out and the game remained goalless.
PSV beat Heerenveen 4-1 to win the Dutch championship on Saturday. Luuk de Jong scored two headed goals in the first half to put his side in control. Memphis Depay and Luciano Narsingh also scored at the Philips Stadion.
Bayern Munich beat Hoffenheim 2-0 in the Bundesliga on Saturday. Sebastian Rode and Andreas Beck scored the goals for Bayern. Pep Guardiola's side are 13 points clear at the top of the Bundesliga.
Emad Sahabi suffered the horrific injury while playing for Al Orubah. The Saudi Arabian midfielder twisted 180 degrees after dislocating his ankle. Arsenal duo Eduardo and Aaron Ramsey suffered similar injuries a few years ago.
Chelsea beat Manchester United 1-0 at Stamford Bridge on Saturday. Eden Hazard scored the opener after John Terry's challenge on Radamel Falcao. Sky Sports pundits Thierry Henry, Jamie Redknapp and Graeme Souness agreed that Terry should have been sent off.
Henrikh Mkhitaryan heads Dortmund in front just three minutes after half-time. Pierre-Emerick Aubameyang doubles the home side's lead eight minutes later. Shinji Kagawa makes it 3-0 with 10 minutes to play at Signal Iduna Park. Paderborn remain rooted to the bottom of the Bundesliga table.
Chelsea are the worst behaved team in the Premier League according to official figures. Liverpool show the greatest respect towards officials, followed by Burnley and West Brom. Sunderland, Arsenal and Stoke City rank poorly in the assessment.
Bayern Munich lost 3-1 to Porto in their Champions League quarter-final. The Bundesliga champions conceded twice in the opening 10minutes. Franz Beckenbauer accused Bayern players of taking'sleeping pills' The German legend was speaking in New York as part of the club's media agreement with MSN.
Nile Ranger joined Blackpool on a one-year deal at the start of the season. He has not featured for the club since the end of November. The striker has been AWOL since returning to London in December. Ranger says the club 'took the mick' out of him by giving him such a low-paid contract.
Chelsea defeated Manchester United 1-0 in their Premier League clash. Eden Hazard's first-half strike proved the difference at Stamford Bridge. Radamel Falcao endured a tough afternoon up front for United.
Daryl Janmaat compares Newcastle's match vs Swansea to World Cup semi-final. Newcastle have lost their last six Premier League games in a row. Janmaat came off the bench in Holland's semi-final loss to Argentina.
Prince Ali Bin Al Hussein has launched his FIFA presidential manifesto. The Jordanian wants to replace Sepp Blatter as FIFA president. Prince Ali has warned against expanding the World Cup from its current 32 countries.
Professor John Warren discovered avocado trees switch from male to female in a matter of hours. The botanist from the University of Aberystwyth said the tree displays 'unique flowering behaviour' During the day the trees flower with their 'female parts' ready to be pollinated by bees.
Photo protest will take place outside Stamford Bridge at 3pm on Saturday. More than 1,400 confirmed deaths of construction workers in Qatar as the country put the infrastructure in place to host the World Cup. The decision to award the World Cup to Qatar has been controversial.
Chelsea's Eden Hazard and Tottenham's Harry Kane up for PFA Player of the Year award. Diego Costa, Alexis Sanchez, David de Gea and Philippe Coutinho also on six-man shortlist for PFA Young Player of the Year award. Manchester City's miserable season summed up by not nominating any players.
London-based lawyer's wardrobe has gone from strength-to-strength since wedding. From elegant cream jumpsuits to panel shift dresses and suit/skirt combos. The 37-year-old seems to spare no expense when it comes to dressing herself.
Ricardo Quaresma opened the scoring from the penalty spot after Manuel Neuer brought down Jackson Martinez. Thiago equalised for Bayern Munich just before half-time following a Dante error. Jackson Martinez restored Porto's two-goal lead in the second half.
Blackpool fan Frank Knight is being sued by the club's owners. Knight posted an apology on a supporters' messageboard last week. He said he had agreed to pay damages of £20,000 to the club. A campaign was set up on gofundme to raise money for Knight. Over 1,000 supporters pledged their support to the campaign.
Harry Kane has scored 30 goals in all competitions this season. Chelsea's Thibaut Courtois and David de Gea complete the list. Raheem Sterling and Philippe Coutinho complete the list. PFA Young Player of the Year will be announced on April 26.
Arsenal beat Reading 2-1 after extra time in the FA Cup semi-final. Alexis Sanchez's deflected shot won the game for the Gunners. Garath McCleary's volley deflected past Wojciech Szczesny.
Swansea City host Everton at the Liberty Stadium (12.45pm) Southampton host Hull City at St Mary's Stadium (3pm) Sunderland host Crystal Palace at Selhurst Park (3pm) Tottenham Hotspur host Aston Villa at White Hart Lane (3pm) Burnley host Arsenal at Turf Moor (5.30pm) Manchester United host Manchester City at Old Trafford (4pm) Liverpool host Newcastle United at Anfield (8pm)
Tottenham Hotspur host Aston Villa at White Hart Lane (Saturday 3pm) Kyle Walker and Hugo Lloris are both absent for Spurs. Jan Vertonghen is a doubt for Mauricio Pochettino's side. Alan Hutton, Ashley Westwood and Scott Sinclair are all set to miss out. Libor Kozak will not be considered as he returns from a broken leg.
The 1985 World Championship final between Dennis Taylor and Steve Davis was watched by 18.5million on the BBC. Davis missed a shot on the green that he has rued to this day. Taylor pounced upon the error to overturn the difference and lead 9-7 overnight. The final came down to the final four balls and Taylor needed them all.
Tottenham Hotspur host Aston Villa at White Hart Lane on Saturday. Tim Sherwood was sacked by Spurs chairman Daniel Levy last summer. Mauricio Pochettino says he expects a'very good reception' for Sherwood.
West Indies finished day four of the first Test on 98 for two at the Sir Vivian Richards Stadium. Gary Ballance scored 122 in England's first innings total of 457. Ballance's innings was his fourth Test century in as many matches. England declared their first innings on 438-8 and set West Indies a target of 438. Alastair Cook scored 187 in England's first innings total of 457.
ISIS has released a new propaganda video titled 'We Will Burn America' The video claims the U.S. is no longer safe anywhere 'on the globe' It calls on supporters to attack the U.S. on its own soil, while claiming its citizens' sense of safety is a'mirage' The video includes footage of the 9/11 terror attacks and recent ISIS-inspired atrocities.
Tottenham chairman Daniel Levy tried to persuade Tim Sherwood to stay on at the club after sacking him from the head coach role. Sherwood will return to White Hart Lane for the first time with his new team on Saturday and said he would ‘absolutely’ shake Levy’s hand. The pair still keep in touch, according to Sherwood, who joked: ‘Just to see who he’s going to sell me!’
John Goodwin, 75, of Atkinson, New Hampshire, went on trial this week on six counts of aggravated felonious sexual assault. Prosecutors said that Goodwin, who pleaded not guilty, repeatedly sexually assaulted a student, who is now 24 years old. The former student testified he didn't come forward until 2013 because he was embarrassed.
The 'body farm' is a joint project between the University of South Florida Institute of Anthropology and the Hillsborough County Sheriff's Office. Five to ten bodies from USF's After Life Body Donation Program would be buried or placed on two acres of the Walter C. Heinrich Practical Training Center in Lithia. Hillsborough County Commissioner Stacy White has taken a stand against the facility, fearing strong odors and the reputation it could bring to his community. Erin Kimmerle, associate professor of anthropology at USF, said that this research could potentially help solve the more than 500 cold cases in Hillsborough, Pasco and Pinellas counties.
Tourist Diovani de Jesus captured the moment on Apo Island, Philippines. shallow water is a feeding ground for endangered sea turtles. De Jesus posted the photo on Earth Day as a reminder that we can all co-exist.
Little Mengyu's hands and feet are webbed and doctors have recommended corrective surgery. Her father left the family home in Shandong Province at the start of the year. He told them he was going to Binzhou City to find work and has not been heard from since.
Stan Cole, an Iraq veteran, captured the moment in Loraine, Texas. He and a friend were out in a tractor when they felt the wind. Other pictures emerged of a similar-looking tornado Wednesday night. Landspouts are not easy to capture because the formations are too small.
Pablo Mandado, 27, and Ilze Zebolde, 31, quit their restaurant jobs in Manchester to set off on their adventure. In 356 days they've covered almost 7,000 miles (11,131.92km) and been through 16 countries. They live on less than three euros each day, or by their calculations 10 euro cents per kilometre.
Lewis Hamilton is top of the 2015 Sunday Times Sport Rich List with a fortune of £88m. Wayne Rooney has moved up to second place with wealth of £72m. Formula One world champion Hamilton's fortune has spiralled by £20m. Manchester United captain Rooney is on course to join David Beckham as the only British footballer to amass a fortune of more than £100m.
Singer Melissa Plancarte, whose stage name is Melissa: Cartel Princess, was filmed doing her midnight flit in the Mexico's Michoacan state courthouse. The clip shows glamorous pop star - one of Mexico's most beautiful women - dancing the tango at the bottom of the courthouse staircase. Furious officials say the star didn't have permission to film at the courthouse. Enrique Plancarte made millions before he died in a shoot out with the Mexican Navy last year.
Marlon Samuels and Kraigg Brathwaite put on 142 for the second wicket. England were all out for 453 in their first innings with Joe Root on 182. Jimmy Anderson took his eye off the ball and was caught by Jason Holder. The 24-year-old was left stranded on 182 not out after a stunning display of batting.
Daniel Sturridge has played just 12 league games for Liverpool this season. The England international has been hampered by a number of injuries. Brendan Rodgers wants to sign a striker who can play every week. The Liverpool boss is also keen on signing Danny Ings and Divock Origi.
Louis van Gaal expects Ryan Giggs to succeed him as Manchester United manager when he leaves the club. Giggs has been Van Gaal's assistant since the Dutchman took over last summer. The 41-year-old took charge of United for four games last year.
Britt McHenry, 28, was filmed unleashing a vicious verbal attack on a single mother-of-three at a towing firm after her car was towed from a restaurant parking lot. She insulted the woman's looks, intelligence, and job on-camera. ESPN senior coordinating producer Seth Markman said: 'She knows she made a mistake. She’s owned up to it. I think she is just really anxious to get back to work' Online petitions for McHenry to be fired reached 10,000 within a day of the footage being released.
David Rush, 33, from Lisburn, Northern Ireland, used to weigh 34st. He piled on the pounds thanks to a twice-daily takeaway habit. His diet consisted of six bags of crisps and two bottles of Coca-Cola a day. He felt he'shouldn't go out' because of his size and never had a girlfriend. But he lost the weight after starting to cycle up to 85 miles a week. He now weighs a slimline 15st 4lbs and is training for a half-marathon.
St. Louis FroYo cashier Stephanie Diaz attacked Andrew Caldwell, 21, on Wednesday. She says he called her a 'dog' and threw an extra large bowl of yogurt at him. Caldwell made headlines last year after a video of him at a megachurch 'delivered' by God went viral. He said he was unhappy the video went viral. Diaz has been charged with third-degree assault.
Adam Johnson has been charged with three offences of sexual activity with a 15-year-old girl and one of grooming. The 27-year-old has not been suspended by his club Sunderland. Sunderland announced on Friday that Johnson will remain available for selection and he is set to feature at Stoke.
Group of parents, all of whom are based in the US, created video. It has already been viewed almost 600,000 times. Features advice from new parents on everything from making room to date nights. Viewers are encouraged to submit their own parenting advice using hashtag #makeroomforlife.
Manchester United are closing in on a deal for Ilkay Gundogan. Louis van Gaal believes the 24-year-old is the perfect replacement for Michael Carrick. Gundogan has been watched extensively by United this season.
Wladimir Klitschko will make his return to US soil for the first time in seven years when he takes on the slick Philadelphian at Madison Square Garden. Klitschko won Olympic gold in Atlanta in 1996, instantly catapulting him into a hero in his home country over night. 'Sport definitely has power to change one's life and the world, as Nelson Mandela said,' says the 39-year-old.
Manchester United have offered David de Gea £200,000-a-week. There has been speculation that the 24-year-old will move to Real Madrid. Louis van Gaal admitted that De Gea has been offered 'a lot of money'
AP McCoy will race at Sandown for the last time on Saturday. The 20-time champion jockey will retire at the end of the season. McCoy's penultimate race will be on Mr Mole in the Grade One AP McCoy Celebration Chase. His last ever mount will be Box Office in the Bet365 Handicap Hurdle.
Manchester City wanted Isco when he left Malaga two years ago. The 23-year-old chose Real Madrid over Manuel Pellegrini. Isco rarely starts for Real Madrid when all of their main options are fit.
The red Mazda had careered off the road up someone's drive in Crossgates, Leeds. It hit the property with such force that the car became stuck in the wall. Incredibly, no-one was seriously injured in the accident.
Eden Hazard joined Chelsea from Lille for £32million in 2012. Arsene Wenger pulled out of a deal to sign the Belgium international. But the Arsenal boss insists he has 'no big regrets' over the decision. Hazard is the frontrunner to be named Premier League Player of the Year.
Jose Mourinho was asked how hard Arsene Wenger pushed him. The Chelsea manager was asked: 'How hard did Arsene Wenger push you?' Mourinho replied: 'Because I am always honest in my answers, I cannot answer you' Click here for all the latest Chelsea news.
Patrick Vieira's side lost to West Ham at Upton Park on Friday. Dan Potts opened the scoring before an Adam Drury own goal doubled their lead. Olivier Ntcham pulled one back for City but it was not enough.
Jesse O'Brien, six, has cystic fibrosis and must take 45 pills every day. His mother Heidi posted a video of him taking his morning pills on Facebook. Within an hour the video had more than one million hits on the site. Jesse, from Kesgrave, Suffolk, says he has always wanted to be famous.
Study of 1,302 German couples found men do just two hours of housework a day. After they retire, the amount increases to 3.9 hours - but men still lag. Chores include running errands, doing the laundry and gardening.
Bayern Munich face Barcelona in the Champions League semi-finals. Pep Guardiola will return to the Nou Camp for the first time since 2012. The Bayern Munich coach nurtured Lionel Messi into the best player in the world while manager at the Nou Camp.
Rugby School is where William Webb Ellis picked up a football and ran with it during a match in 1823. The schoolboy's action is said to be the first step towards the modern game of rugby.
Barcelona will play Bayern Munich in the Champions League semi-finals. Real Madrid will face Juventus in the other semi-final. The first legs will take place on May 5/6 with the returns the following week. The draw was made at UEFA's headquarters in Nyon, Switzerland.
Emmanuel Adebayor's move to Tottenham has proved a massive financial burden for the north London club, who pay the forward £100,000-per-week. The Togolese's move to Spurs has proved a massive financial burden for the north London club, who pay the forward £100,000-per-week. Tottenham would still like to receive a fee for the striker but it may prove difficult to find a potential buyer.
Chelsea take on Arsenal at the Emirates in the Premier League on Sunday. Jose Mourinho and Arsene Wenger have had plenty of touchline spats. Arsenal lost 3-1 at home to Monaco in the Champions League last week.
Francis Coquelin has made 23 appearances for Arsenal this season. The 23-year-old has cemented his place in Arsene Wenger's side. Coquelin is looking forward to facing Chelsea midfielder Nemanja Matic.
Mark Selby fell victim to the Crucible curse as he lost to Anthony McGill. McGill exuded calm assurance as he saw off the defending champion 13-9 to book a quarter-final place. This is McGill's first World Championship and it had already been one to remember before he crossed cues with Selby.
Joe Root scored 182 not out as West Indies batted themselves into a position of relative comfort on day four of the second Test. The hosts ended the day 37 runs ahead on 202 for two at stumps. Root admitted that the flat wicket made it too easy to score runs.
Floyd Mayweather and Manny Pacquiao will fight in Las Vegas on Saturday. The trilogy between Sugar Ray Leonard and Roberto Duran is considered one of the greatest fights in boxing history. After being caught flush in the face in the eighth round, Duran turned his back and said 'No mas' The result stunned the watching world, and it took three years for Duran to rebuild his reputation.
Europa League semi-final draw takes place in Nyon on Friday morning. Napoli will play Dnipro Dnipropetrovsk of Ukraine for place in final. Fiorentina have the tantalising prospect of facing holders Sevilla. Ties to be played on May 7 and 14.
Sam Burgess claimed man-of-the-match award after impressive display. Leroy Houston, Jonathan Joseph, Matt Banahan and Semesa Rokoduguni scored tries for Mike Ford's side. London Irish loosehead Tom Court burrowed over late in the first half.
Floyd Mayweather and Manny Pacquiao will fight in Las Vegas on May 1. Tickets for the mega-bout sold out within a minute of going on sale on Thursday night. Friday's sale came after tickets for the May mega-bout sold out within a minute of going on sale on Ticketmaster.
Joe Root scored 182 runs on day four of the second Test in Grenada. Yorkshire batsman threw down his helmet and gloves after James Anderson's careless run out. Root and Anderson made up as they returned to the pavilion for lunch.
Joe Root is the second-youngest England batsman to reach 2,000 Test runs, after Alastair Cook. Marlon Samuels gave Ben Stokes a comedy salute after dismissing him. Stuart Broad continues to search for a run in this Test series. England have not had three players run out in the first innings of a Test since 1902.
Divock Origi signed for Liverpool in a £10million deal from Lille last summer. The Belgium striker said Jordon Ibe's progress has heightened his excitement. Origi said Brendan Rodgers' experience will help him succeed at Liverpool.
Paula Radcliffe says she is likely to cry when she runs the final race of her career in Sunday's London Marathon. Radcliffe set the world record in 2003 when she won the race in 2:15:25. The 35-year-old says she knows she got the best out of herself despite injuries.
Shaun Andrew McKerry, 31, burst into Shildon Post Office and Stores. He waved an axe as he demanded cash from terrified assistant Andrea Brighty. But he did not see owner Sab Dhillon's rugby tackle which dropped him to floor. As the men wrestled, and with McKerry still holding the axe, Mr Dhillon's wife Sam helped, hitting him twice with a baseball bat to make him drop weapon.
Tyson Gay had his doping suspension reduced after he co-operated with authorities. But Usain Bolt says he should have been given a longer ban. Bolt says he used to respect Gay as a competitor, but is no longer looking forward to racing against him.
Jurgen Klopp has announced he will leave Borussia Dortmund at the end of the season. Manchester City are on the lookout for a new manager following their lacklustre campaign. Brendan Rodgers is also under pressure at Liverpool as he faces a third trophyless season.
It is crunch time for a number of clubs in the Football League. Watford can be promoted if they win and one of Bournemouth or Middlesbrough lose and Norwich fail to win. Derby (away to Millwall) will make sure of a play-off place if they win. Preston (home to Swindon) will be promoted if they win and MK Dons (away to Rochdale) lose. Bristol Rovers (home to Alfreton) will be promoted as champions if they win.
Bayern Munich face Barcelona in the Champions League semi-finals. Real Madrid will play Juventus in the other last four tie. Sportsmail looks at each side's reasons for optimism and caution.
Alex Song has picked his #one2eleven XI on The Fantasy Football Club. The West Ham United midfielder has played for Arsenal and Barcelona. He believes Carlos Kameni could have played in the Premier League. Neymar, Lionel Messi and Thierry Henry make the XI.
Southampton host Tottenham in the Premier League on Saturday. Mauricio Pochettino returns to St Mary's for the first time since leaving. Steven Davis believes Southampton have an advantage over Spurs.
Cesc Fabregas will return to the Emirates for the first time since leaving Arsenal in 2011. The Spaniard joined the Gunners as a teenager before joining Barcelona. He was the club's youngest ever first-team player and captain. Fabregas rejected a return to Arsenal in favour of a move to Chelsea.
Michael Owen said Newcastle would be relegated if they had 10 games left. John Carver has hit back at the former captain's comments. Newcastle are seven points off the relegation zone. Siem de Jong will be on the substitutes' bench against Swansea.
Chelsea beat Manchester United 1-0 in their Premier League clash. Jose Mourinho was prepared to deal with the threat of Marouane Fellaini. Kurt Zouma had been given a specific tactical brief to stifle the Belgian. But Mourinho was told by a hotel doorman that Fellaini was not playing.
Rotherham fielded Derby's Farrend Rawson in 1-0 win over Brighton. Rawson's youth loan had expired and paperwork wasn't handled properly. Millers have until May 1 to appeal Football League decision.
Ryan Giggs, Paul Scholes, Gary Neville, Nicky Butt and Andrew Cole went out for dinner on Saturday night. Cole took to Twitter to post a picture of the group at a restaurant. The former Manchester United striker said he was in 'great company'
Patrick Bamford won the Championship Player of the Year award. The 21-year-old is on loan at Middlesbrough from Chelsea. MK Dons midfielder Dele Alli won the Young Player of the Year award. CLICK HERE for all the latest Football League news.
Michael Cheika is aware that his pack is being written off for the World Cup. The Wallabies head coach has cited Ben Youngs, Danny Care and Richard Wigglesworth as dangerous No 9's who will challenge the line. Australia face England, Wales and New Zealand in Pool A.
Wayne Rooney was spotted filling up his £100,000 Range Rover. The 29-year-old looked glum just a couple of days after his side's loss. Manchester United had 70 per cent possession against Chelsea. Eden Hazard scored the only goal for Jose Mourinho's side.
Memphis Depay has scored 20 goals in 26 league games so far this season. PSV technical director Marcel Brands has confirmed interest from 'big clubs' Tottenham, Manchester City and PSG are also among the contenders to sign Depay.
Jack Grealish took to Twitter to thank supporters for sending in messages. Brad Guzan also revealed the contents of his personal message. Aston Villa take on Liverpool in the FA Cup semi-final at Wembley.
Thiago Silva is recuperating at home from a thigh injury. Zlatan Ibrahimovic, Marco Verratti and Thiago Motta all miss the game. David Luiz is still not fully fit as he recovers from a thigh problem.
Floyd Mayweather posted a video on Instagram of his new sports car. The Mercedes-Maybach S600 costs $210,000 to buy. Mayweather takes on Manny Pacquiao in Las Vegas on May 2. Click here for more boxing news.
Juventus held to a goalless draw by Monaco in their Champions League quarter-final second leg. The result means Massimiliano Allegri's side progress to their first semi-final since 2003. The Old Lady of Turin take on Bayern Munich, Barcelona and Real Madrid in the last four.
Tim Howard joined Everton in the Community's powered wheelchair football team for a training session at Croxteth Sports Centre. The Everton goalkeeper was provided with his own wheelchair. Everton in the Community's disability empowerment programme provides football and physical opportunities for thousands of disabled children and adults each year.
Rudy Gestede scored his 20th goal of the season to give Blackburn the lead. Jordan Rhodes added a second in injury time to make it 2-0. Millwall are now four points adrift of fourth-bottom Rotherham with two games to play.
Floyd Mayweather has earned more than $400million throughout his career. The undefeated boxer has a vast collection of super cars, jewellery and a private jet. Sportsmail looks at some of Mayweather's other extravagant purchases.
Floyd Mayweather will fight Manny Pacquiao at the MGM Grand in Las Vegas on May 2. Tickets went on sale at 8pm UK time (12 noon in Las Vegas) on Thursday. Just minutes after 8pm, tickets for the richest bout in boxing history were snapped up on the secondary market. Tickets for the weigh-in go on sale on Friday at 3pm from the MGM Resorts Box Office with a limit of 10 per person.
Real Madrid defeated Atletico Madrid 1-0 in the Champions League quarter-final second leg at the Bernabeu. Javier Hernandez scored the only goal of the game in the 88th minute to settle the two-legged derby. Arda Turan was sent off for Atletico Madrid in the 76th minute for a second yellow card.
Bastian Schweinsteiger was an unused substitute in Bayern Munich's 6-1 Champions League win over Porto on Tuesday. Xabi Alonso is viewed as Bayern manager Pep Guardiola's preferred midfield choice. Dietmar Hamann thinks Schweinsteiger faces an uncertain future at the club.
Memphis Depay has been linked with a £25m move to Manchester United. The 21-year-old scored 20 goals in 28 games for PSV last season. Depay jetted to England for a summit with a United delegation led by manager Louis van Gaal.
Eugenie Bouchard is playing in the Fed Cup World Group play-off against Romania this weekend. The Canadian star refused to shake hands with opponent Alexandra Dulgheru at a pre-match press conference. Bouchard has suffered four defeats in her past six matches.
Ashley Young was a guest on MUTV show Thursday Focus on MUTV. Young met singer-songwriter Olly Murs outside Manchester United's Aon Training Complex ahead of filming. Young revealed manager Louis van Gaal likes to listen to funky house.
Patrick Bamford, Joe Garner and Danny Mayor were crowned their division's player of the year on Sunday. The Football League has revealed the players who were nipping at their heels for the honour. On-loan Chelsea striker Bamford's efforts at Middlesbrough were rewarded with the Championship award. Ipswich Town's Daryl Murphy was second in the voting ahead of Watford's Troy Deeney.
Lionel Messi, Luis Suarez and Neymar are seven goals short of reaching 100 for the season. The trio are seven goals short of matching Thierry Henry, Samuel Eto'o and Messi in 2009. Barcelona's current front three are fast becoming the greatest front three in the club's history.
Barcelona will play Bayern Munich in the Champions League. Real Madrid will face Juventus in the other semi-final. The first legs will be played on May 5-6, with the return matches on May 12-13. The final will be played on June 6 at the Olympic Stadium in Berlin. Napoli will play Dnipro and Sevilla will face Fiorentina in the Europa League.
Real Madrid will not take up their £7.5m purchase option on Javier Hernandez. The Mexican scored the winner against Atletico Madrid on Wednesday. The 26-year-old will leave the Bernabeu at the end of the season. He will return to Manchester United at the end of the campaign.
Floyd Mayweather and Manny Pacquiao will fight in Las Vegas on May 2. It will be the biggest fight of all time financially and the most significant this century. Mayweather v Pacquiao is the fifth in a series of 12 fights that shaped boxing history. Muhammad Ali and Joe Frazier fought in one of the most brutal spectacles in the annals of the hardest game.
Floyd Mayweather and Manny Pacquiao will clash in Las Vegas on Saturday. The mega-fight will be the biggest of all time financially and most significant this century. In this, I look back on one of the greatest sporting events of all time. The fight voted the greatest sporting event of the 20th century.
Floyd Mayweather and Manny Pacquiao will be the biggest fight of all time financially and the most significant this century. Where Money Man vs PacMan ranks among the most important fights in ring history will depend upon what happens on Saturday night. In this, the third in a series of 12 fights that shaped boxing history, I look back on one of the most anticipated events of the 20th century.
Floyd Mayweather vs Manny Pacquiao will be the biggest fight of all time financially and the most significant this century. Here are my 12 most significant fights in boxing’s history.
Joe Louis beat Max Schmeling to win the heavyweight title on June 22, 1938. The re-match took place at the Yankee Stadium in New York. President Franklin D Roosevelt invited Louis to the White House.
Arsenal face Aston Villa in the FA Cup final at Wembley on May 30. Tim Sherwood's side won the pre-match coin toss ahead of the showpiece. They then picked their claret and blue home kit for the final. That means they will have worn the same strip for every round of the competition. Arsenal have won the FA Cup on three occasions while wearing yellow. CLICK HERE for all the latest Arsenal news.
Chelsea take on Arsenal at the Emirates Stadium on Sunday. Jose Mourinho's side are 10 points clear at the top of the Premier League. Chelsea trained at their base at Cobham on Friday ahead of the game.
Hull City currently lie fourth-bottom of the Premier League table. Tigers boss Steve Bruce has revealed that players will have their salaries slashed by up to 50 per cent if they are relegated. Hull have the third-lowest wage bill in the Premier League.
Manchester United travel to Everton in the Premier League on Sunday. Marouane Fellaini will return to Goodison Park for the first time since his £27million move from Everton to Old Trafford. Louis van Gaal has revealed he has spoken to Fellaini about keeping his cool on his first return to Goodison Park. Van Gaal says Robin van Persie must show his qualities in United's second team.
Marseille will listen to offers for highly-rated midfielder Florian Thauvin. Tottenham have been encouraged to make a bid for the 22-year-old. Chelsea and Valencia have also watched the France Under 21 international.
Chris Ramsey's QPR host West Ham in the Premier League on Saturday. Burnley boss Sean Dyche says his side have had to compete with the smallest wage bill in the league. Four of the bottom seven did not play in the Premier League last weekend.
Inverness beat Celtic 3-2 after extra-time in the Scottish Cup semi-final. Josh Meekings will be allowed to play in the final after his ban was dismissed. The SFA published the reasons given by the three-man judicial panel.
Floyd Mayweather and Manny Pacquiao will fight on May 2. The mega-fight is worth an estimated $300m, making it the richest in boxing history. Mayweather does not earn any money from endorsements, although companies such as AT&T and Corona have sponsored his fights.
Hartlepool fans planning to dress up as Bob Marley for final game of season. Anti-racism campaigners Kick It Out have warned Hartlepool fans. Kick It Out urge Carlisle to refuse entry to any fans who 'black up'
Raheem Sterling says he pays no attention to criticism levelled at him. Sterling rejected Liverpool's offer of £90,000-per-week in January. The 20-year-old is wanted by all the Premier League's top clubs.
Bristol Rovers lost their place in the Football League last season. Darrell Clarke's side need to beat Alfreton and hope Barnet lose or draw. If they do, they will be the first team to go straight back up since Carlisle in 2005.
Manchester City are chasing Valenciennes defender Dayot Upamecano. The 16-year-old almost joined Manchester United in January. Monaco, Inter Milan and Paris St Germain had also expressed interest.
Rafa Benitez guided Napoli into the Europa League semi-finals on Thursday. The Napoli boss is out of contract at the club at the end of the season. He has been linked with a return to England with Manchester City.
Chelsea are expected to fly out to Australia on Wednesday, May 27. Jose Mourinho's side face Sydney FC at the ANZ Stadium on June 2. Chelsea are expected to arrive in Australia as Premier League champions. Liverpool and Manchester City will play in Australia in July.
Kevin Sinfield was on the losing side on his debut for the Rhinos against Sheffield Eagles at Headingley in 1997. The Leeds captain entered the action five minutes into the second half. Warrington had produced their best display in an 18-6 win over Leeds in March.
Heated exchange between Royals starter Yordano Ventura and White Sox outfielder Adam Eaton sparked the brawl. Ventura, Lorenzo Cain and Edinson Volquez were ejected along with Chicago's Chris Sale and Jeff Samardzija. Thursday's match began to get scrappy after White Sox's Jose Abreu was hit in the arm by Ventura's pitch in the fourth innings.
Javier Hernandez is on loan at Real Madrid from Manchester United. The Mexican striker will return to Old Trafford at the end of the season. Hernandez has started only twice in La Liga for Carlo Ancelotti.
Wladimir Klitschko faces Bryant Jennings in New York on Saturday night. Tyson Fury is the mandatory challenger to the long-reigning heavyweight champion. Fury hopes to lure Klitschko to England in the autumn.
A blaze tore through Bradford City's main stand during a match against Lincoln City on May 11, 1985. All fixtures in the Premier League and Football League will observe a minute's silence for the 56 supporters who died in the devastating blaze. The Football League will be supporting efforts to raise £300,000 for the Plastic Surgery and Burns Research Unit at the University of Bradford.
Wigan Warriors beat Wakefield Wildcats 40-22. Joe Burgess scored his first hat-trick in Super League. Shaun Wane's side moved up to second in the table.
Toulon have announced the signing of Australia fly-half Quade Cooper. The 27-year-old has agreed a two-year deal with the Top 14 side. Cooper is currently recovering from a broken shoulder-blade.
Hudson Swafford shot a 6-under 66 for a share of the Zurich Classic lead with Boo Weekley when second-round play was suspended Friday. Swafford had an 11-under 133 total at TPC Louisiana. Weekley, the first-round leader after a 64, also was 11 under with three holes left.
Florent Malouda has named his #one2eleven XI on Sky Sports' Fantasy Football Club. Former Chelsea winger Malouda won the Premier League and the 2012 Champions League with the Blues. He includes John Terry, Petr Cech, David Luiz and Didier Drogba in his XI.
Juventus lost to AC Milan in the 2003 Champions League final on penalties. They were relegated to Serie B after Italy's match-fixing scandal. They won two Serie A titles in a row but were stripped of another. They were promoted to Serie A again but fell back into the second division. Juventus reached the Champions League semi-finals on Wednesday.
'Love Call' notes are posted at traffic lights in Sydney's CBD. They are appealing to a tall, charming gentleman who offered his umbrella. The man was in the area about '7:10 pm-ish' on Tuesday evening.
Sally Gordon-Smith, 14, was last seen leaving her school in Keilor East around 3pm on Friday afternoon. She was described by police as caucasian, 150cm tall, with blue eyes and brown shoulder length hair. Her family and police have appealed for anyone who has seen Ms Gordon-Smith to immediately contact.
Yaya Toure has been linked with a move away from Manchester City. Toure has struggled to impose himself upon games for City. But his time at the Etihad Stadium has been a success. Toure's arrival remains one of the pivotal moments in the development of the modern Manchester City.
As many as 1 in 8 will suffer injuries serious enough that they will need to miss at least seven training sessions or matches. These range from bruises and sprains to fractures, torn ligaments and at worst, concussion and damage to the brain and spinal cord. Government wants rugby to be played more at school as part of plans to increase competitive sports. But Professor Allyson Pollock, an expert in Public Health at Queen Mary, University of London said these plans were ‘extremely worrying’
The Ventus X has a built-in honeycomb grill to let the skin breathe. It also has a rugged coating so sweaty gamers can continue to the accessory. Mouse provides ‘enhanced modern technology and classic design that fits all gamers,’ according to the Taiwan-based firm that makes it.
Researchers from CNRS-GATE in Lyon and the University of California say male athletes are more driven by the desire to beat the competition. Sportswomen tend to be more committed to aspects of their lives outside sport. This may explain why boys are often seen as being more competitive. The study could have implications for other areas outside sport, such as in the workplace where greater gender diversity could bring advantages.
The forthcoming phone could feature the same 7000 series aluminium as its forthcoming Apple Watch Sport edition, which is also used in competition bicycles. The material would make the next iPhone 60 per cent harder than the iPhone 6, Taiwan-based Economic Daily News reported. The metal is the same as that used to make professional sports bikes but has been altered by Apple to make it lighter.
Didier Drogba has 15 goals in 15 games for Chelsea against Arsenal. The Ivorian averages a goal every 78 minutes and 20 seconds against The Gunners. Drogba has scored a double in five of his last seven games against Arsenal. Arsenal host Chelsea in the Premier League on Sunday.
Several properties were littered with debris that appeared to fall out of the sky. Residents believe rubbish came from the lavatory holding tank of a plane. They have complained to the Federal Aviation Administration (FAA) The FAA said it is'very rare for anything to fall from an aircraft'
Miranda Devine tweeted 'did Pocock actually do jazz hands when he celebrated a try?!!! What a tosser!' The flanker and former Australian captain was actually doing sign language for a friend, which Pocock pointed out in reply. 'It was actually Auslan/sign language for clapping. I have a friend who's first language is Auslan so it was for her...'
French free diver jumped into Dean's Blue Hole in the Bahamas. Guillame Néry is seen at the edge before taking the plunge. The hole is 660ft (200 metres) deep, although he doesn't go to the bottom. Free divers are able to hold their breath for more than 20 minutes.
Video was created using an Oculus Rift virtual reality headset. It is hoped the simulation can make people aware of the correct processes to follow for a landing on water. Video is based on an actual event when, on January 15, 2009, U.S. Airways Flight 1549 was forced into a landing on water.
Gabriel Ng spent countless hours filming religious sites and beauty spots. Filmed most of the scenes on the island of Ko Samui. Using a drone that retails from £500, the video shows breathtaking scenery.
Mark Zuckerberg spoke about the future of virtual travel in a recent Q&A. The Facebook founder believes virtual reality will play a key role in the future. Facebook recently purchased Oculus, the maker of the Oculus Rift headset.
An analogue promotional watch from Apple with a blue bezel, rubber strap and colourful hands is listed on the auction site. It has a ‘buy it now’ price of $2,499.99 (£1,707.47) plus postage. For the same price, Apple fans could pre-order five of the cheapest Apple Watch Sport, which cost £299 in the UK and still have some change.
Zach Birnie was skiing with a friend in Revelstoke, Canada. He stands at the top of a mountain and films the surrounding scenery. Suddenly he begins panic and a minor avalanche occurs behind him. He falls to the floor as heavy snow closes in around him.
Swedish passports are among the most frequently sold in underground trading. They can sell for as much as £6,000 each - more than the £28 fee. UK passport is the fourth most powerful in the world - behind Sweden, Finland and Germany.
England's withdrawal from the Victory Shield for Under 16s has further worsened relations between the FA and the other home nations. Officials in Scotland, Wales and Northern Ireland were unhappy to find out about the FA ditching a tournament that started in 1925. Pele says 'one-nil or two-nil — but seven goals was a disaster. Only God knows what happened’ The ECB are running out of time to clinch a terrestrial highlights deal for the T20 Blast.
Match.com is seeking an outgoing, media-savvy person. Trip will last for six weeks and take place during June and July. The lucky singleton will be given a round-the-world ticket.
The unverified video shows the rocket drifting onto its target before a gust of wind topples it over. Earlier this week SpaceX released its own dramatic footage of its third attempt to land a rocket booster on a barge in the Atlantic. The video, taken from a plane, shows the Falcon 9 booster lowering itself onto the platform, before a gust of wind inflates it to one side. The maneuver was attempted following the launch of the Falcon 9 rocket a few minutes earlier from Cape Canaveral in Florida.
Adam Johnson was charged with three offences of sexual activity with a child and one of grooming on Thursday. The 27-year-old has not been suspended by his club Sunderland. Manager Dick Advocaat has confirmed the midfielder remains available for selection with the club reviewing the situation.
Sergio Ramos scored Real Madrid's winning goal against Atletico Madrid. The Spanish centre-back was deployed in midfield in the absence of Luka Modric. Ramos has filled in at left-back, centre-back and striker for Real Madrid.
Iker Casillas has been at Real Madrid since breaking into the team as a 16-year-old. The 33-year-old has repeatedly been linked with a move for David de Gea. But Casillas insists he will stay and fight for the No 1 jersey. Los Blancos are hoping to become the first team to retain the Champions League title.
A survey of 600 employers and senior executives has revealed the biggest CV blunder is a spelling or grammar mistake. Other high ranking errors are incorrect personal information and missing contact details. Unsurprisingly, brevity is valued, with a massive 46 per cent of the polled senior executives finding long waffling CVs irritating.
51-year-old Fiona fought off an intruder after finding him standing over her young daughter on Thursday night. As she was trying to push the unidentified assailant out the door Fiona fell and bashed her face on the doorway. Fiona said the man, who had a thick, possibly Middle Eastern accent, fled easterly down Hobbs Avenue.
Eden Hazard was being filmed as part of a feature for Queens Park Rangers defender Rio Ferdinand's '5' magazine. Hazard was giving a full sample from his box of tricks at Chelsea's Cobham base. The Belgian star has 19 goals in all competitions so far this season. Hazard will be a key man as Chelsea travel to the Emirates Stadium on Sunday.
Audrey Nethery has Diamond Blackfan Anemia (DBA), a life-threatening bone marrow condition that impacts her body's ability to circulate oxygen.
Lewis Hamilton won the Bahrain Grand Prix ahead of Kimi Raikkonen. The 30-year-old Briton has now won two races in a row this season. Hamilton was interviewed by three-time world champion Sir Jackie Stewart.
Hamilton, 33, filed for divorce from his wife of 10 years, Katie, in February. It comes around the same time he admitted to an alcohol and drugs relapse. Katie, who will appear on the 10th season of The Real Housewives of Orange County, said there was no 'big fight or blow up' and she stands by him. The couple have not listed the reasons for the split, citing only 'conflict' He is not allowed to see his children without supervision, according to court records.
The Husky has an injury to his right rear leg, possibly the result of being hit by a car. He is also extremely underweight and is suffering from a long-standing case of mange, which has sparked secondary skin infections. The Husky has been named Hero by his carers and is now being treated by RSPCA vets.
Mick Schumacher made his Formula 4 pre-season test debut on Wednesday. The 16-year-old drove for Van Amersfoort at the Oschersleben circuit. Mick's boss Frits van Amersfoort says the youngster will need time. Mick's father Michael has won a record seven 91 Formula 1 races.
Tennis ball-sized hail stones and two inches of rain reported in 15 minutes. More than 1000 homes lost power between Houston and Dallas on Saturday.
Lewis Hamilton won the Bahrain Grand Prix for the third time this season. Mercedes team-mate Nico Rosberg finished second. Rosberg is 27 points adrift of Hamilton in the battle for this year's title.
A 66-year-old man from Palm Beach was arrested and charged with a 'breach of the peace' and public nuisance. He allegedly set an Australian flag alight at the Shrine of Remembrance in Brisbane's Anzac Square on Friday afternoon. The incident comes on the eve of Saturday's Anzac Day commemoration services. Tens of thousands are expected to gather around the Eternal Flame of Remembrance to pay their respects to our fallen service men and women.
Floyd Mayweather and Manny Pacquiao go head-to-head in Las Vegas on Saturday, May 2. The two boxers have revealed a dozen oddities about themselves. Mayweather eats steamed white rice and chicken or beef broth at almost every meal. Pacquiao consumes 8,000 calories daily to keep his weight and energy up.
Rescue mission was captured on camera and features wildlife expert Simon Cowell. He travelled to the cub's location in his car to set it free from garden fence. Mr Cowell distracts the fox with a stick before grabbing it with his hand. He holds it by the scruff of its neck and explains it is the way their mother holds them.
Frankie Franz watched a video of the trick shot at Barcelona's training ground. The nine-year-old decided he could do the same with his mum and grandmother. He moved the hoop into the middle of the goal and after a run up sent the ball straight through the net first time.
Shannon Hayes, 12, believes her pet hen laid the world's smallest egg. The tiny egg measures 1.8cm in length and is smaller than a 5p coin. The current record-holder is a 2.1cm egg laid in Somerset in 2014.
Lewis Hamilton took to the water and enjoyed a jet surf session on Tuesday. Jenson Button has been training for the London Marathon with his wife. The McLaren driver thanked Asics for the 'goodies' they had sent him.
Jeb Corliss jumped over the 562m high Ball's Pyramid at Lord Howe Island. The site is located in the Tasman Sea between Australia and New Zealand. The US-born thrill-seeker has jumped from the Eiffel Tower and waterfall.
James Wilson would take Wayne Rooney's free-kick-taking ability. The 19-year-old says Rooney practices his free kicks every day. Wilson would also like Robin van Persie's movement and Radamel Falcao's instincts.
Lewis Hamilton has won nine of the last 11 grands prix. The Briton has a 27-point cushion in the drivers' standings. Hamilton has set a personal record run of 11 consecutive grands prix in the points.
Paul Downton has left his role as ECB managing director. Nasser Hussain believes the sacking of Alastair Cook was a protracted affair. Hussain hopes whoever is appointed to replace Downton is close to the modern game and ahead of the curve.
Adam Johnson has been charged with grooming and three counts of sexual activity with a 15-year-old girl. The 27-year-old has been bailed to appear at Peterlee Magistrates Court on May 20. Sunderland chiefs held talks on Thursday to decide Johnson’s future. If found guilty, Johnson faces a lengthy prison term.
Luis Suarez bit Italy defender Giorgio Chiellini during the World Cup. The Uruguay striker was handed a four-month ban for the incident. His wife Sofia says that he told her he didn't bite the defender. Suarez then admitted the truth 10 days later.
Stan Collymore was in full fan mode during Aston Villa's draw with QPR. The talkSPORT pundit called QPR's Joey Barton a 'f****** rat' Jason Gillespie, Yorkshire's championship-winning coach also in charge of Big Bash team Adelaide Strikers, is preparing for new season by becoming a vegan.
The worst storm in a decade in NSW has killed three people, left 215,000 homes without power and caused commuter chaos. Three surfers were seen scaling huge walls of waves at Deadman's Point in Manly, Sydney. A staggering 312mm of rain fell in 24 hours in Dungog, in the Hunter region of New South Wales. Bondi’s famous beach was forced to close after high winds blew large amounts of sand onto nearby roads and promenades.
Wladimir Klitschko faces Bryant Jennings on April 25 at New York's Madison Square Garden. Klitschko is closing in on the record number of successful defences of the heavyweight title set by Joe Louis. Victory for the Ukrainian will take him to within one win of Louis' record of 25. Klitschko is keen to face Deontay Wilder in a unification bout later in his career.
Adam Johnson has been charged with three offences of sexual activity with a 15-year-old girl and one of grooming. The 27-year-old answered bail at Peterlee police station on Thursday. He will now appear at Peterlee Magistrates Court on May 20.
Eden Hazard is closing in on a first Premier League title with Chelsea. Hazard is favourite to pick up the PFA Player of the Year award. Paul Scholes believes Hazard needs to be more ruthless to be considered alongside Cristiano Ronaldo and Lionel Messi.
AP McCoy's mount one of three 7-2 co-favourites in seven-runner line-up. Mr Mole will be McCoy's last ride in a Grade One race.
Adam Johnson has been charged with grooming and three counts of sexual activity with a 15-year-old girl. The 27-year-old has not been suspended by his club Sunderland. Johnson will appear before Peterlee Magistrates on May 20. If found guilty, he could face a lengthy prison term.
Wladimir Klitschko takes on Bryant Jennings at Madison Square Garden on Saturday. Klitschko has 17 successful defenses in a row since winning the crown for the second time in 2006. Ukrainian boasts a 63-3-0 record heading into the bout against Jennings.
Chris Gayle will play for Royal Challengers Bangalore in this year's IPL. The West Indies batsman posted an Instagram picture of himself behind some DJ decks on Tuesday. The Challengers travel to the Kolkata Knight Riders on Saturday.
Manny Pacquiao fights Floyd Mayweather on May 2 at the MGM Grand Garden Arena. Pacquiao appeared on Lopez's Extra programme at Universal Studios Hollywood. The pair are friends from training at the same Wild Card Boxing gym.
AP McCoy will retire after this weekend's race at Sandown. The jockey has won 20 consecutive champion jump jockey titles. He has chipped 14 teeth and broken 13 bones in his quest to be the best.
David Luiz and Ezequiel Lavezzi pranked team-mate Zoumana Camara. The duo dunked the 36-year-old's face into his cake on his birthday. Camara is a fringe member of the PSG squad this season. PSG face Marseille in Ligue 1 on Sunday night.
Wayne Rooney was interviewed by Little Ant and Dec on Saturday Night Takeaway. The Manchester United striker admitted he gets annoyed when fans chant his name in the street while he is away from the pitch. The full interview will be screened on ITV at 7pm on Saturday.
Diego Maradona is widely considered one of the greatest players to have played the game. The 54-year-old guided Argentina to World Cup glory in 1986. Since retiring from football Maradona has undergone gastric bypass surgery.
Ronda Rousey appeared at the Hollywood premiere of Fast & Furious 7. The UFC bantamweight champion's MMA skills are used to full effect in the latest film in the series. The 27-year-old stepped out in a sleek black dress by London designers House Of CB.
Chelsea defender Branislav Ivanovic could be targeted by Bayern Munich. But the German champions are unlikely to make a move until January. Ivanovic has yet to open talks over a new contract at Stamford Bridge. PSG are set to make a £7million bid for Chelsea goalkeeper Petr Cech.
Stevan Jovetic has made just 39 appearances since £22million move. Manchester City would prefer the money up front but are reluctant to agree a loan. Jovetic has started just 11 Premier League games so far this season.
Javier Hernandez scored the goal of his life against Atletico Madrid. Real Madrid are unlikely to take up their option to buy the striker. Manchester United have no shortage of interest in the Mexico international.
Southampton's Victor Wanyama has been linked with a move to Arsenal. Wanyama tweeted that he has never spoken to Arsene Wenger about a move. The Kenyan international has been linked with a move to Tottenham. CLICK HERE for all the latest Premier League news.
Palermo striker Paulo Dybala has scored 13 league goals this season. The 21-year-old has attracted interest from Manchester United, Arsenal, Paris Saint-Germain and Atletico Madrid. Reports in Italy suggest Juventus have offered £23million for Dybala.
Radamel Falcao has scored four goals since joining Manchester United. The Colombian is expected to leave Old Trafford in the summer. Juventus have ruled out a move for the 29-year-old. The Serie A champions are interested in Palermo's Paulo Dybala.
Alan Pardew says he is not interested in raiding former club Newcastle for Tim Krul. The Crystal Palace manager says he is happy with current Eagles No 1 Julian Speroni. The 53-year-old made the shock decision to leave Newcastle for the south London club in January.
Kevin de Bruyne's agent expects to receive 20 phone calls a day about the Wolfsburg midfielder. Patrick de Koster has confirmed that he held talks with Manchester City earlier this season. Bayern Munich and PSG are also interested in the 23-year-old. De Bruyne joined Wolfsburg from Chelsea for £18m in January 2013.
Gareth Bale is determined to stay at Real Madrid beyond the end of the season. The Welshman is injured and out of Wednesday's clash with Atletico Madrid. Manchester United have been linked with a move for the £86million man. Real Madrid want David de Gea to be their long-term successor to Iker Casillas.
Kurt Zouma has impressed at the heart of Chelsea's defence this season. The 20-year-old is hoping to emulate his compatriot Marcel Desailly. Desailly won the World Cup with France at the 1998 tournament.
Petr Cech looks certain to leave Chelsea at the end of the season. Thibaut Courtois has become the Blues' first choice goalkeeper. Arsenal are long-term admirers of Cech and are considering a move. Liverpool, Paris Saint-Germain, Roma and Inter Milan are all showing an interest in the 32-year-old. Click here for more Arsenal transfer news.
Yaya Toure has been linked with a move away from Manchester City. The 31-year-old is open to 'new challenges' in the summer. Toure's £220,000-a-week wages are likely to come under scrutiny. Click here for all the latest Manchester City news.
West Ham are showing interest in Crystal Palace midfielder James McArthur. The Hammers are impressed by the 27-year-old's workmanlike displays. McArthur only joined Palace last summer in a deal worth £7million.
Manchester United have made an approach for PSV Eindhoven's Memphis Depay, says PSV's technical director Marcel Brands. Boss Louis van Gaal is keen to make the 21-year-old one of his first signings this summer. Depay has scored 20 goals in 26 league games for PSV this season. PSV beat Heerenveen 4-1 to win the Dutch championship on Saturday.
Manchester City are aware of a lack of homegrown talent at senior level. Frank Lampard will leave the club in the summer and James Milner is out of contract. Raheem Sterling, Ross Barkley and Jay Rodriguez are all targets.
Manchester City are keeping tabs on Juventus striker Alvaro Morata. Spain international was a target for Arsenal a year ago but opted for Italy. City also remain keen on Paul Pogba but face competition from PSG.
Carlos Tevez is yet to make a decision on his future. The Juventus striker has been linked with a return to his boyhood club. Boca Juniors president Daniel Angelici claimed he was 'close' to bringing Tevez back.
Danny Wilson has had a year left on his current deal at Tynecastle. The 23-year-old has decided to look for a new challenge. Sportsmail exclusively revealed Celtic manager Ronny Deila has the former Rangers player on a list of his summer targets.
Carlos Tevez's Juventus contract expires at the end of next season. Italian paper Tuttosport claims the striker has already decided to leave. Boca Juniors president Daniel Angelici says Tevez must terminate his contract first.
Edinson Cavani has been linked with a move away from Paris Saint-Germain. Manchester United have been considering a bid for the forward. But Cavani insists he is happy in Paris and will stay until his contract expires. PSG are thought to have doubts about the future of Zlatan Ibrahimovic.
PSV captain Georginio Wijnaldum has been linked with a move to the Premier League. The 24-year-old has scored 16 goals in all competitions this season. Wijnaldum has been linked with a move to Manchester United, Arsenal and Newcastle.
Oscar has been linked with a move away from Chelsea in recent weeks. The Brazil international has struggled to make an impact at Stamford Bridge. Juventus and Liverpool are both interested in signing Oscar.
Carlos Tevez has told Juventus he wants to leave the club this summer. Italian paper Corriere della Sera insist the club will not stand in Tevez's way. The striker has always said he wants to finish his career at Boca Juniors.
Patrick Bamford is currently on loan at Middlesbrough from Chelsea. The 21-year-old has scored 17 goals in the Championship this season. Bamford currently earns £7,500 a week at Stamford Bridge. CLICK HERE for all the latest Chelsea news.
Sheffield Wednesday have kept 17 clean sheets in the Championship this season. Tom Lees and Keiren Westwood are in line to be offered new deals. Wednesday's record has stood since 1978-79 when Jack Charlton was manager.
Nathan has been in London for talks with Chelsea this week. The 19-year-old is seen as the next big thing in South American football. Nathan joins the already strong Brazilian contingent at Stamford Bridge.
Victor Moses has returned to parent club Chelsea for treatment after injuring his hamstring on Saturday. Stoke are still keen to tie up a permanent deal for the winger in the summer. Potters have opened talks with Evian over the possible transfer of defender Daniel Wass.
Andre Ayew is out of contract at Marseille in the summer. Swansea have made a contract offer to the Ghana international. The Swans are also keeping tabs on Schalke defender Christian Fuchs.
Arsenal are keen on signing Liverpool winger Raheem Sterling. But Gunners are having second thoughts following recent events. Sterling has been caught smoking shisha and nitrous oxide. The 20-year-old is stalling on a new £100,000-per-week contract at Anfield.
Swansea have expressed an interest in Schalke defender Christian Fuchs. The Austria international captain is out of contract in the summer. The Swans have been looking at bringing in another left back since the summer.
Gareth Bale has been linked with a summer move to Manchester United. Zinedine Zidane insists Real Madrid will not sell the Welshman. Zidane says Bale was a big part in Real's success last season.
Manchester City have decided to listen to offers for Yaya Toure. The Premier League champions are also open to letting Samir Nasri leave. Manager Manuel Pellegrini is under intense scrutiny following Sunday's 4-2 defeat by Manchester United.
Helal Abbas, 55, lost his bid to become the mayor of Tower Hamlets. Claim appeared in an ethnic freesheet days after the 2010 election. Race was won by controversial figure Lutfur Rahman, 50. Mr Rahman has been accused in a separate High Court case of rigging his re-election victory last year.
Tottenham will offer Nabil Bentaleb a new deal to ward off interest. Algerian international's current contract expires in the summer of 2018. Bentaleb's new contract is likely to see his wages rocket to around £35,000-per-week.
Time lapse video shows storm water creeping along the tracks at Bardwell Park in Sydney's south. The murky flood water eventually submerges the train line and begins moving like a river past the platform. Sydney's two-day total rainfall totalled about 225mm by 9am Wednesday – the most fall for almost 17 years.
Grace Joy Roseman died after she managed to manoeuvre herself over edge. A'safety ridge' cut off oxygen supply to her brain, inquest heard. West Sussex coroner Penelope Schofield issued a report expressing concern. Said 'urgent action' must be taken to prevent future deaths.
Rudy Gestede has scored 20 goals in the Championship this season. The 26-year-old striker wants to play in the Premier League next season. Gestede has been linked with Swansea, Crystal Palace, Hull and West Brom.
Footage of the brief contest was captured on a property near Amber Mountain National Park on the northern edge of Madagascar. It shows the males sizing each other up before one is forced to retreat following a violent battle for the attention of a female chameleon. The video maker, who speaks French, declared it ‘bataille du chameleons’, or battle of the chameleons.
Daniel O'Reilly filmed his journey to Sydney, via Doha and Melbourne, in various social media posts. In a Snapchat video filmed at Doha airport he chatted up two female air stewardesses, saying: ‘Ooh we've got some sweethearts there. “Hi there,” she knows.’ O'Reilly’s TV show Dapper Laughs: On The Pull was cancelled by ITV last year after more than 60,000 people signed a petition for it to be axed.
NYPD officers shot dead a suspect as he fled from the scene of a crime and opened fire Wednesday night. The officers responded to a call from a bar in the Queens section of the city that shots had been fired. When the suspect turned around to do so again he was shot dead.
Mauricio Pochettino will return to St Mary's for the first time since leaving Southampton for Tottenham in the summer. The Argentine admits he could be jeered by former fans on Saturday. But Pochettino insists he has no intention of being popular among Saints supporters.
Ronny Deila wants referees to give a public explanation of their decisions after matches. The Celtic manager stressed he still had a positive view of officiating in this country despite the Josh Meekings handball debacle. Deila has called for similar transparency as in his Norwegian homeland.
Alan Pardew wants to bring in a star name to boost the club's profile. Yannick Bolasie could leave for between 40 and 60 million pounds. Crystal Palace host relegation strugglers Hull City on Saturday.
Lorient beat Marseille 5-3 to climb out of the Ligue 1 relegation zone. Jordan Ayew scored twice as Lorient won for the first time in five games. Andre and Michy Batshuayi scored for Marseille, but it was not enough.
Inverness beat Celtic 3-2 after extra-time in Scottish Cup semi-final. Josh Meekings admitted he was fortunate not to have conceded a penalty. He was then charged with deliberate handball but this was thrown out.
Ronald Koeman has promised not to leave Southampton this summer. Barcelona and the likes of Neymar are not of interest to the Dutchman. Saints only need a point to break record Premier League points tally.
Jack Grealish has been linked with a switch to the Republic of Ireland. The Aston Villa midfielder played for Finland at youth level. Carl Jenkinson was in the same situation when he chose England. The West Ham defender says Grealish should follow his heart.
West Ham became the first Premier League club to reduce season ticket prices. The Hammers will move to the Olympic Stadium next season. Manager Sam Allardyce said filling the stadium is the most important thing.
Le'Veon Bell will miss the first three games of the season. Pittsburgh Steelers running back will also be fined a game cheque. LeGarrette Blount will miss the first game of the season.
Tottenham are considering sharing their new £400m stadium with an NFL franchise. White Hart Lane could have a retractable pitch that enables them to become the home of a new NFL London franchise. The NFL is said to be within five years of having a permanent franchise in London. Tottenham are 'looking at options' in order to 'future-proof the design'
Mauricio Pochettino will take charge of Tottenham against Southampton on Sunday. The Argentine spent 16 months as Saints boss before leaving for Spurs. Pochettino has deployed a passing and pressing philosophy at Spurs. Harry Kane has scored 31 goals in all competitions so far this season.
The NFL released the full schedule for the 2015 season on Tuesday night. The New England Patriots will begin the campaign against the Pittsburgh Steelers on September 10. Week one features a prime-time showdown between the New York Giants and their NFC East rivals Dallas Cowboys. ESPN will begin their season of Monday Night Football with a double-header in week one with the Atlanta Falcons hosting the Philadelphia Eagles and the San Francisco 49ers against the Minnesota Vikings.
Hernandez, 25, looked to his right and pursed his lips after the jury forewoman read the verdict. The first-degree murder conviction carries a mandatory sentence of life in prison without parole. Hernandez’s mother, Terri, and his fiancee, Shayanna Jenkins, cried and gasped when they heard the verdict.
Bennett labelled Graham'soft' and 'overrated' after the two teams met in the NFC Championship Game two years ago. Graham signed a four-year deal with the Seahawks this week. Bennett says he'll be a 'better team-mate' to Graham now.
Charles Tillman has agreed a deal with the Carolina Panthers. The 34-year-old ends his 12-year career with the Chicago Bears. Tillman is a two-time Pro Bowler with the Bears.
Dallas Cowboys defensive end Greg Hardy has been suspended without pay for 10 games for conduct detrimental to the National Football League. Decision to ban Hardy followed a two-month NFL investigation that started after the dismissal of his domestic violence case in February. Domestic violence charges against Hardy, who signed with Dallas last month, were abruptly dropped in February.
Stevan Ridley has signed a one-year deal with the New York Jets. Ridley played just six games last season after tearing his right ACL. The 26-year-old became the 15th player to join the Jets in a frantic free agency.
Sarah Thomas will be a line judge for the 2015 season. The 41-year-old was in the league's officiating development program in 2013-14. She was the first female official on the FBS level and the first to officiate a bowl game, the 2009 Little Caesars Pizza Bowl in Detroit.
LeSean McCoy says Chip Kelly doesn't like star players. McCoy was traded to the Buffalo Bills last month. The running back says he was surprised by the move. McCoy still says he didn't like the respect Kelly gave him.
Denver Broncos cornerback Aqib Talib and his brother are being investigated for aggravated assault. During a 2011 incident, Talib and his mother were accused of shooting a gun at his sister's live-in boyfriend in Garland, Texas. During the latest incident, a shot was fired outside of Club Luxx in Dallas, Texas, after a physical fight inside.
Adrian Peterson has not played for the Vikings since disciplining his son. The 30-year-old was placed on the Commissioner's Exempt list. He was due to be reinstated on April 15, but will meet with the NFL this week.
Sarah Thomas is set to become the NFL's first full-time female official. The 42-year-old mother-of-three has officiated pre-season games. Thomas will be one of eight new officials for the 2015 season.
Efe Obada played just five games for the London Warriors last season. The 22-year-old will join the Dallas Cowboys next month for rookie mini-camp. Obada was spotted by Warriors defensive co-ordinator Aden Durde.
The Jacksonville Jaguars are committed to playing one home game a year in London until 2016. A competition for UK-based fans is being run via nfluk.com for the chance to be part of a world first. The winner will announce the Jaguars sixth and seventh round picks live on Sky Sports in the UK and the NFL Network in the United States.
Badou Jack beat Anthony Dirrell on points to win WBC world super-middleweight title. The Las Vegas-based Swede received winning of 116-112 and 115-113. George Groves is mandatory challenger for Jack's belt.
Nicola Adams has withdrawn from the English National Championships. Adams was not aware of the break-in, in which two cars, training kit and valuable personal possessions were taken. Adams had been due to contest the women's 51kg flyweight division.
Floyd Mayweather will fight Manny Pacquiao in Las Vegas on May 2. The mega-fight is worth at least $180million and $120m to Mayweather and Pacquiao respectively. Joe Calzaghe has backed Mayweather to overcome the challenge of Pacquiao. The Welshman retired undefeated with 46 wins and zero defeats.
Floyd Mayweather fights Manny Pacquiao in Las Vegas on May 2. Advance tickets for the weigh-in have been made available for £6.60. 500 tickets were made available to the public for the clash.
Luke Rockhold beat Lyoto Machida by second-round submission. Rockhold is now the top middleweight contender in the UFC. He wants a title shot and a fight at Madison Square Garden.
Lyoto Machida takes on Luke Rockhold in New Jersey on Saturday. The former UFC light-heavyweight champion weighed in at 185lb. Machida was filmed sweating it out under an electric blanket before the weigh-in.
Lyoto Machida faces Luke Rockhold in the main event of UFC New Jersey. The Californian is bidding for his fourth consecutive victory. He also has a title shot in his sights after his win over Michael Bisping. Machida is also coming off a victory, against CB Dollaway in Brazil.
Conor McGregor is preparing for his world title fight against Jose Aldo in July. Mayweather is currently training ahead of his fight against Manny Pacquiao. McGregor has won all five of his fights in the UFC.
Ronda Rousey wants to return to the WWE after her hit debut appearance with Fast and Furious co-star The Rock at Wrestlemania 31. The UFC women's bantamweight champion admits she caught the bug. But she is focused on her upcoming fight against Bethe Correia.
Jeff Novitzky has been appointed as the UFC's new Vice President of Athlete Health and Performance. Novitzky was also involved in the investigations into Barry Bonds, Marion Jones and Justin Gatlin. The UFC announced earlier this year that they will implement a new year-round, out-of-competition testing protocol.
Jimi Manuwa takes on Jan Blachowicz in the main event of UFC on Saturday. The Londoner lost his first fight to Alexander Gustafsson last year. Manuwa believes his 'aggression and killer instinct' will help him finish Blachowicz.
Mirko 'Cro Crop' Filipovic faces Gabriel Gonzaga in Poland on Saturday. Filipovic lost to the Brazilian in 2007 when a first-round head kick brought a swift end to the bout at UFC 70. But he is confident he can avenge the defeat on home soil.
Conor McGregor faces Jose Aldo for the featherweight title on July 11. Aldo makes the eighth defence of his belt against McGregor. The pair took their promotional tour to Dublin last week.
Jordan Spieth won the Masters on April 14. Paula Creamer suggested a women's event could be staged the week following the men's showpiece in April. Creamer won the 2010 women's US Open.
No 1 ranked Chad Mendes takes on No 4 ranked Ricardo Lamas in the main event of Saturday's UFC event in Fairfax, Virginia. Mendes has lost two of his three professional fights to Jose Aldo. Lamas also dropped a decision to the Brazilian king in February last year. Jorge Masvidal and Al Iaquinta meet in the co-main event.
Justin Rose will play in the Zurich Classic of New Orleans this week. Rose finished joint second in The Masters at Augusta National earlier this month. The 34-year-old has not been outside the top 15 on his last three outings at TPC Louisiana.
Conor McGregor will challenge Jose Aldo for his featherweight title on July 11. The Irishman has revealed a new tattoo of a tiger on his stomach. 'The Notorious' has already got a picture of a gorilla eating a heart.
Chad Mendes stopped former title contender Ricardo Lamas in the first round. Mendes landed a huge right hand which buckled Lamas and put him down twice. Dustin Poirier and Julianna Pena also made successful returns to the Octagon.
Lindsey Vonn appeared on the Late Night With Seth Meyers chat show. The 30-year-old has been dating Tiger Woods since 2013. Vonn was on the show to talk about her Lindsey Vonn Foundation.
Sir Nick Faldo will cross the Swilcan Bridge for the final time on the 25th anniversary of his victory on the Old Course. Tom Watson received a special exemption from the R&A to play his final Open in 2015. Almost 10,000 spectators will be able to watch from seats on the first, 17th and 18th. The grandstand behind the famous Road Hole will have a capacity of more than 4,000, with a total of 21,000 seats around the course.
Bubba Watson shows off incredible baseball style trick shot. The 36-year-old hit the ball as it was dropped from a height. Watson finished T-29 at the Shenzhen International.
Jim Furyk defeated Kevin Kisner on the second play-off hole to win the RBC Heritage title at Hilton Head. The 44-year-old hit a final round eight-under-par 63 to move ahead of overnight leader Troy Merritt. Luke Donald was the highest placed Englishman after tied 15th on nine-under par.
Kiradech Aphibarnrat has won the inaugural Shenzhen International. The 25-year-old beat teenager Li Hao-tong on a play-off hole. Aphibarnrat's previous win came in the Malaysian Open in 2013.
Kiradech Aphibarnrat fired six birdies in the space of nine holes on Saturday to overtake American Peter Uihlein. The 25-year-old has one European Tour win to date when he won the Malaysian Open in 2013. Bubba Watson struggled to his second consecutive round of 74.
Carly Booth is currently in Mauritius for a photo shoot with Golf Punk magazine. The 22-year-old took to Instagram to show off her impressive bikini body. Booth became the youngest-ever Scot to qualify for the Ladies European Tour at the tender age of 17.
Jordan Spieth bounced back from his opening 74 with a nine-under-par round of 62 to sit six under in Hilton Head, South Carolina. Troy Merritt fired a 10-under 61 to equal the course record at Harbour Town Golf Links and open up a four-shot lead at the top of the standings. Matt Kuchar is tied for second place with John Merrick, having followed his first-round 68 with a 66.
Rory McIlroy's foundation is hosting the event at Royal County Down from May 28-31. The world number one has been a major influence in attracting a top-class field, who will compete for a prize fund of £1.8million. The addition of Kaymer and Donald means the tournament will feature five players who have been world number one.
Jordan Spieth finished the first round of the RBC Heritage on three over par. Masters champion looked tired as he struggled in difficult conditions. Matt Every and Graeme McDowell shared the lead on five under.
Rory McIlroy battled with Fifty Shades of Grey star Jamie Dornan. McIlroy was promoting new football concept Circular Soccer. The 25-year-old defeated the film star 2-1 to take the crown.
Agnieszka Radwanska is the latest top seed to bow out of the Porsche Tennis Grand Prix in Stuttgart. The world No 9 was defeated 7-6 (8/6) 6-4 by Italian Sara Errani. World No 15 Errani will now face Kazakhstan's Zarina Diyas.
Rafael Nadal was beaten 6-4, 7-6 (8-6) by Fabio Fognini in Barcelona. The world No 4 was looking for his ninth career title on the Catalan clay. Fognini will now face Pablo Andujar in the quarter-finals.
Bubba Watson finished 38th at Augusta National on Sunday as the defence of his Masters crown finished in disappointing fashion. The defending champion sits four shots off home hope Huang Wen-yi's lead and is in joint 17th place. Huang shared the highlights with An Byeong-hun, who recorded a hole in one.
Jordan Spieth returns to golf just days after winning the Masters. The 21-year-old will play in the RBC Heritage Classic. He has had two victories and two runner-up finishes in his past four events.
Rafael Nadal beat Nicolas Almagro 6-3 6-1 at the Barcelona Open. World No 4 is looking to win his ninth title on the Catalan clay court. Nadal was watched by Barcelona forward Neymar in the crowd.
There will be a capacity of 7,000 for July's match against France at London's Queen's Club. Under 3,000 tickets may be available to the kind of supporters who created such an electric atmosphere in Glasgow for last month's first round. The Lawn Tennis Association acceded to the wishes of Andy Murray and GB Captain Leon Smith to play the tie on grass.
Victor Estrella recorded a 6-4 6-4 victory over Marin Cilic. Cilic is the 2014 U.S. Open champion but is struggling with fitness. Santiago Giraldo of Colombia beat Joao Sousa 6-3, 3-6, 6-1.
Caroline Garcia beat Ana Ivanovic 7-6 (8/6) 6-4 in Stuttgart. Ivanovic lost to Garcia for the third time this year. Other seeds through to second round include Ekaterina Makarova.
Angelique Kerber beat Maria Sharapova 2-6, 7-5, 6-1 in Stuttgart. Three-time champion Sharapova had won her previous 13 matches in Stuttgart. Sharapova will be replaced by Simona Halep of Romania when the rankings are updated on Monday.
Chelsea manager Jose Mourinho was given a tour of Wimbledon by former British No 1 Tim Henman. Murray ended Britain's 77-year wait for a men's champion in 2013. Mourinho described Wimbledon as'more than a Grand Slam'
Serena Williams beat Sara Errani 4-6 7-6 6-3 in the Fed Cup play-off. The US were beaten 3-2 by Italy and relegated to World Group II. Williams said it had been a 'big eye opener' as the claycourt season gets into full swing.
Kei Nishikori made a successful start to his Barcelona Open title defence. The top seed defeated Teymuraz Gabashvili 6-3 6-4 on Tuesday. Other seeds to advance to the third round were both Spaniards. Madrid-born 2010 champion Fernando Verdasco crashed out of the competition against Andrey Rublev.
Martina Navratilova has left her role as Agnieszka Radwanska's coach. The pair announced in December they would work together. Radwanska is 13-11 this season, including a first-round loss in Stuttgart.
Rafael Nadal has won the French Open nine of the last 10 years. The Spaniard is looking to win a sixth consecutive title at Roland Garros. Nadal was beaten by Novak Djokovic in the Monte Carlo Masters semi-finals.
The venerable club in Baron’s Court will host Britain’s biggest home tie in three decades from July 17-19. Agreement was reached between its management and the Lawn Tennis Association today. The fixture means a bumper helping of six weeks’ top level grass court tennis in the UK this summer.
Jenson Button was denied his 100th race for McLaren after an Energy Recovery System prevented him from making it to the start-line. Lewis Hamilton has out-qualified and finished ahead of Nico Rosberg at every race this season. Hamilton secured the 36th win of his career in Bahrain and his 21st from pole position.
Jenson Button will start the Bahrain Grand Prix 20th and last on the grid. The British driver failed to complete a single lap in qualifying. Fernando Alonso managed to get a McLaren into Q2 for the first time this season.
Azerbaijan will host the European Grand Prix in Baku next season. The country has a poor human rights record, according to Human Rights Watch. But Bernie Ecclestone has confirmed the street race will go ahead.
Novak Djokovic beat Tomas Berdych 7-5 4-6 6-3 in Monte Carlo final. World No 1 becomes first player to win opening three Masters 1000 events. Serbian extends winning streak to 17 matches and leads Roger Federer in world rankings to more than 5,000 points.
Lewis Hamilton has dominated the opening three races of the season. Mercedes team-mate Nico Rosberg is 17 points adrift of Hamilton. The German is expecting his first child with wife Vivian in August.
Jenson Button failed to complete the qualifying session in Bahrain. The McLaren driver was set to start from the back of the grid. Button took to Twitter to update his fans following yet another car failure.
Lewis Hamilton took pole by four tenths of a second from Sebastian Vettel. Mercedes team-mate Nico Rosberg was third six-tenths of a second behind. Hamilton has got pole in every race so far this season.
Kimi Raikkonen's contract expires at the end of the current Formula One season. There is an option for 2016 provided both parties in agreement. Raikkonen's form to date has not matched that of team-mate Sebastian Vettel.
Kimi Raikkonen finished second in Bahrain Grand Prix behind Lewis Hamilton. Ferrari team principal Maurizio Arrivabene says Raikkonen deserves to stay. Raikkonen has an option on his contract for next season.
Nico Rosberg topped the timesheet with a lap of one minute 34.647secs. The Mercedes driver described Ferrari's pace as 'dangerous' and 'worrying' Rosberg trails team-mate Lewis Hamilton by 17 points in the drivers' standings.
Hamilton has yet to put pen to paper on a new contract with Mercedes. The Brit is 13 points ahead of his team-mate in the drivers' championship. Hamilton suffered a lock-up in the second sector of the Bahrain International Circuit, leaving him in second.
Irish jockey Davy Condon suffered a spinal concussion in a fall at Aintree. Condon fell at the third-last, leaving him with a spinal concussion. It was the second time within a year that the rider suffered a similar injury.
French trainer Freddy Head likens his 2,000 Guineas hope Ride Like The Wind to last year's fifth-placed runner Charm Spirit. Ride Like The Wind won just one of his four starts last season but he has run twice this term, posting a career best on his most recent start. The Aidan O’Brien-trained pair of Gleneagles and Highland Reel head the 2,000 Guineas entries.
Button suffered an electrical fault that cut the engine and forced him into a spin at turn one of the Bahrain International Circuit. The car was recovered, but his mechanics failed to fix the fault until just before the start of FP2, in which three laps in he had to stop out on track. Again the car returned to the garage, and although he made it out on track later in the session, further issues arose that compromised his running.
Robbie McNamara broke eight ribs, cracked six vertebrae and has no feeling in his legs after a fall at Wexford. The jockey was due to partner Lord Windermere in the Crabbie's Grand National at Aintree. McNamara remains in the Mater Hospital in Dublin.
AP McCoy has confirmed he will ride to the final race at Sandown on Saturday if he can secure mounts. There had been speculation that the soon-to-be-crowned 20-time champion jockey would end his career after riding in the AP McCoy Celebration Chase. But there is now a good chance his final mount as a professional jockey will come in the handicap hurdle run at 5.35.
Ian Wright will present AP McCoy with his 20th and final champion jockeys trophy at Sandown on Saturday. McCoy is a huge Arsenal fan and has been invited to attend a home game before the end of the season. Sandown initially tried to secure Thierry Henry to hand over the trophy to McCoy but his Sky employers vetoed the move.
Northampton face Saracens in the Aviva Premiership on Saturday. The Saints were knocked out of the Champions Cup by Clermont. Tom Wood is keen for his side to bounce back from recent results.
Scotland youth international Jack Cosgrove has agreed to join Edinburgh. The 20-year-old has nine caps for the Dark Blues Under 20s side. Cosgrove has penned a two-year deal with Alan Solomons' side.
Michael Allen will join Edinburgh at the end of the season. The 24-year-old is a former pupil of Methodist College Belfast. He has never lived outside of Ireland.
Mariano Galarza played for Gloucester against Sale Sharks last month. The lock should have been ineligible, according to the Rugby Football Union. The west country club could now be hit with a points deduction.
Billy Vunipola, Steffon Armitage and Nick Abendanon shortlisted for European Player of the Year award. The trio starred for their sides in this season's European Champions Cup. Vunipola was man-of-the-match in Saracens' 33-10 demolition of Munster.
Davy McGregor was playing for Heriot's Rugby Club against the Barbarians. The former Ulster hooker was caught by an opponent's hip or shorts. The Barbarians won the clash 97-31.
Manu Tuilagi has been out of action since October with a groin injury. The 23-year-old is targeting a return to action in time for the World Cup. Tuilagi's last England appearance was during the three-Test summer tour of New Zealand in 2014.
Mike Brown was knocked out against Italy in the Six Nations in February. The 29-year-old has been ruled out of Harlequins' next two matches. Brown is England's first-choice full back for the World Cup in August.
Mike Fitzgerald has helped the Waikato-based Chiefs win two Super Rugby titles. The 28-year-old will follow Warhsata wing Peter Betham to Welford Road. Leicester director Richard Cockerill said he will be a 'good addition'
Matt Giteau has not featured for Australia since the 2011 World Cup. The 32-year-old has been an outstanding force for Toulon in Europe. Australia will now pick 'elite' players based abroad - provided they have 60 caps and seven years of professional service at home. England and Wales have a policy of not picking anyone who plays abroad.
England assistant coach Andy Farrell says rugby union is going to be the sport of the year with the World Cup coming up in England. Stuart Lancaster's side begin their World Cup campaign against Fiji on September 18. England must name a 31-man World Cup squad by August 31.
The Australian Rugby Union has reacted to the flood of top players heading abroad with a groundbreaking policy shift. Players with over 60 caps playing overseas could now be selected. Will Genia, Adam Ashley-Cooper, Nic White, Peter Betham, Sekope Kepu and James Horwill are all off to European clubs for next year. Wallabies backs Israel Folau and Kurtley Beale have yet to commit to the ARU beyond the end of the season.
England lead West Indies by 74 runs at the end of day three of second Test. Joe Root unbeaten on 118 and captain Alastair Cook scored 76. Gary Ballance hit 77 as England posted 373 for six in Grenada.
England finished day three of the second Test on 373 for six, a lead of 74. Joe Root unbeaten on 118 and captain Alastair Cook scored 76. Root's century was his sixth Test ton and first overseas. Cook has gone 34 innings and 697 days without a Test ton.
Marlon Samuels gave Ben Stokes a military-style salute on Thursday. Samuels had given Stokes his wicket away just before the close of the third day. England closed on 373 for six, a lead of 74, thanks to an outstanding unbeaten 118 from the prolific Joe Root.
Alastair Cook and Jonathan Trott are the sixth English pair to score more than 100 runs together on 10 occasions. Cook and Trott's opening-stand century was England’s first in Test cricket for more than two years. New Zealand all-rounder Corey Anderson is a doubt for next month’s series in England after breaking a finger. Jermaine Blackwood was in the wars on Thursday, twice being hit in the body by Cook shots.
Stuart Broad took three wickets for 19 runs on day two in Grenada. England bowled West Indies out for 299 to put them in a strong position. Captain Alastair Cook reached 37 not out at stumps on rain-interrupted day two.
Aaron Finch sustained the injury playing in the Indian Premier League. The 28-year-old was scheduled to join Yorkshire at the end of May. Finch has never played Test cricket for Australia.
Alastair Cook passed Alec Stewart's 8,463 runs to become England's second highest Test run-scorer. Cook and Jonathan Trott shared a first half-century stand after safely negotiating the final session on day two. Stuart Broad took three wickets for 19 runs as West Indies were bowled out for 299.
The Queen's granddaughter was due to make her Kentucky debut. Zara Phillips won silver in the team Equestrian section at London 2012. Her horse High Kingdom suffered an injury in the build-up to the event.
San Antonio Spurs beat Los Angeles Clippers 100-73 in Game 3. Kawhi Leonard scored a play-off career high 32 points for Spurs. Houston Rockets beat Dallas Mavericks 130-128 to go 3-0 up in play-off series. Washington Wizards beat Toronto Raptors 106-99 to go 3-0 up in first-round.
Alastair Cook put West Indies in to bat on day one of the second Test. Graeme Swann pointed out Cook's slump on Test Match Special. Adil Rashid was left out after much discussion on day one. Marlon Samuels has no 50s in five Tests against England. Devon Smith was the first local to score a Test run in Grenada.
Ben Stokes and Marlon Samuels clashed on day one of the second Test. Samuels said England 'don't learn' and that he 'keeps on scoring runs' Stokes was put on his back by Stuart Broad, who bowled too short. Australian umpire Steve Davis had to step in to calm them down.
Alejandro Valverde successfully defended his Fleche Wallonne title on Wednesday. Team Sky's Chris Froome finished back in 123rd after a late fall. Froome is expected to be fit for the Tour de Romandie next Tuesday.
Ronnie O'Sullivan beat Craig Steadman 10-3 in their first round match. The 39-year-old had trouble with his shoes during the session on Tuesday. He led 7-2 overnight and returned to win the final three frames.
Reanne Evans relinquished WLBSA World Ladies title on Tuesday. Evans lost 4-2 in the semi-finals to Hong Kong's Ng On Yee. Yee went on to defeat England's Emma Bonney 6-2 in the final.
Michael van Gerwen beat James Wade 7-0 during Thursday's action. Gary Anderson lost 7-1 to Stephen Bunting in the opening match of the night. Raymond van Barneveld defeated Dave Chisnall 7-5. Phil Taylor drew 6-6 with Adrian Lewis during the night's finale.
All five of the series that have played two games now stand at 2-0. Washington's 117-106 victory at Toronto owed most to John Wall, who had 26 points and 17 assists, and Bradley Beal, who scored 28 points. LeBron James scored 30 points as Cleveland Cavaliers beat Boston Celtics 99-91. Dwight Howard scored 28 points and had 12 rebounds in Houston Rockets' 111-99 victory over Dallas Mavericks.
Judd Trump beat Stuart Carrington 10-6 in the first round of the World Championship. The 25-year-old closed with a century and will now face Marco Fu. Defending champion Mark Selby was locked in a tough battle with Anthony McGill in their second round match.
Paula Radcliffe was 'close to pulling out' of the London Marathon. But celebrity doctor Hans-Wilhelm Muller-Wohlfahrt stepped in. Muller-Wohlfahrt has worked with the likes of Ronaldo and Michael Owen. Sunday's race will be Radcliffe's final competitive marathon of her career.
Ding Junhui was on for a maximum 147 break at the world snooker championship. The Chinese world No 3 screwed back for the blue instead of the black. Ding would have pocketed £30,000 for the break at the Crucible.
Chicago Bulls beat Milwaukee Bucks 91-82 in their NBA play-off series. Jimmy Butler set a play-off career-high for the second straight game. Klay Thompson scored 26 points as Golden State Warriors beat New Orleans Pelicans 97-87 to take a 2-0 lead in their first-round series.
Golden State Warriors beat New Orleans Pelicans 123-119 in overtime. Stephen Curry scored 40 points, including a crucial 3-pointer in the final seconds of regulation. Chicago Bulls beat Milwaukee Bucks 113-106 in double-overtime. Cleveland Cavaliers beat Boston Celtics 103-95 to go 3-0 up in play-off series.
Africa will host it's first-ever NBA match this summer with basketball stars Chris Paul and Luol Deng taking part in an exhibition match. The August 1 encounter will feature a Team Africa vs Team World format at the iconic Ellis Park Stadium in Johannesburg, South Africa. Team Africa will be comprised of players from the continent and of second generation, while Team World will consist of those from the rest of the globe.
Neil Robertson rattled in an opening break of 133 as he reeled off the three frames required to turn a 7-2 lead into a 10-2 victory over Welshman Jamie Jones. Robertson has committed more hours to the game than ever before.
Cesc Fabregas will return to Arsenal on Sunday for the first time since leaving in 2011. Arsene Wenger wants Fabregas to be given a good reception. The Arsenal boss believes the former player deserves'respect'
Gabriel Agbonlahor missed Aston Villa's FA Cup semi-final win against Liverpool. The 28-year-old has been struggling with a hamstring injury. Tim Sherwood's side travel to Manchester City in the Premier League on Saturday.
Chris Ramsey believes QPR will avoid relegation if they win three games. Tim Sherwood believes his appointment at Aston Villa has given them a lot of belief and confidence. Nigel Pearson believes Leicester have a better chance of staying up. Sean Dyche insists his side are not scared of relegation.
Sir Philip Carter passed away on Thursday after a short illness. Carter was chairman of Everton throughout the 1980s. The club won two league titles, an FA Cup and the European Cup Winners' Cup, which is still the Toffees' only piece of continental silverware.
Burnley striker Danny Ings hasn't scored since February 11. The 23-year-old has been linked with a move to Manchester United or Liverpool when his contract at Turf Moor expires in the summer. Sean Dyche has called on the rest of his players to help out Ings. Burnley lost 1-0 at Everton in the Premier League on Saturday.
Aaron Lennon is on loan at Everton from Tottenham until the end of the season. Lennon has just four games remaining of his loan spell at Goodison Park. Roberto Martinez said discussions about Lennon's future will come at the end of the Premier League season.
Everton host Manchester United in the Premier League on Sunday. Kevin Mirallas has been linked with a move away from Goodison Park. Roberto Martinez admits he does not know what the future holds.
Leroy Fer damaged medial ligaments in his knee against Sunderland in February. The Dutch midfielder has struggled for form and fitness since arriving from Norwich in the summer. QPR manager Chris Ramsey admits the club are taking a chance on Fer.
Steve McClaren called speculation linking him with Newcastle job 'disrespectful' The Derby boss is understood to be one of two people on Newcastle's short list for the head coach role at St James' Park next season. John Carver is the current incumbent in the Newcastle hotseat having replaced Alan Pardew in January.
Hull City lost 2-0 to Southampton in the Premier League on Saturday. The Tigers are just two points clear of the relegation zone. Steve Bruce is confident he can keep his side up this season.
Yannick Bolasie has been in fine form for Crystal Palace in recent weeks. Alan Pardew says he would sell the winger for £40-60million. Pardew says he is not keen to lose his star man, but would sell if the right offer came in.
John Carver has called for unity at Newcastle following a divisive season. Fans are protesting against owner Mike Ashley's lack of ambition. Thousands of supporters boycotted Newcastle's last home game against Spurs. Carver says his players were affected by the protest at St James' Park.
Esteban Cambiasso signed a one-year deal with Leicester City last summer. The 34-year-old has been one of the Premier League's best players. Cambiasso is wanted by Delhi Dynamos in India's I-League.
Stoke City are closing in on Standard Liege midfielder Thibaut Verlinden. The 15-year-old has had trials with Liverpool and Everton. Stoke boss Mark Hughes has also persuaded Barcelona's Mohamed El Ouriachi to join this summer.
Romelu Lukaku is Everton's top scorer this season with 18 goals. The Belgium international revealed he encountered abuse playing in youth teams back in his homeland. Lukaku is hoping to strike up a partnership with Arouna Kone.
Southampton face Tottenham at White Hart Lane on Saturday. Mauricio Pochettino is returning to St Mary's for the first time. But fans are planning on turning the ground orange to show their support for manager Ronald Koeman.
Queens Park Rangers are currently in the relegation zone of the Premier League. Chris Ramsey's side face West Ham, Liverpool, Manchester City, Newcastle and Leicester to close the season. Ramsey believes three wins from the last five games will secure Rangers' top flight status.
Eden Hazard scored Chelsea's winner against Manchester United. Luke Shaw was Man United's most penetrative attacking threat at Stamford Bridge. Philipp Wollscheid revelled in the physicality of English-style defending. Seamus Coleman laid on the only goal of the game for Everton.
England Under 21 captain Jack Butland has revealed he voted for Harry Kane to win PFA Young Player of the Year. Butland wants to emulate Spain goalkeeper Iker Casillas by captaining his side to tournament glory. The 22-year-old Stoke City goalkeeper is bidding to be the first England captain to lift the European Under 21 championship since 1984.
Liverpool lost 2-1 to Aston Villa in the FA Cup semi-final on Sunday. Brendan Rodgers is under pressure after a disappointing season. But the Liverpool manager insists he is the right man for the job. Jordan Henderson has signed a new long-term contract at Anfield.
Rudy Gestede has scored 20 goals for Blackburn Rovers this season. The Benin international is valued at £7million by Rovers. Aleksandar Mitrovic, Obbi Oulare and Andre Ayew are other targets.
There are just four points separating the bottom five in the Premier League. Leicester, Burnley and QPR would make an immediate return to the championship. But Hull and QPR are teetering on the brink of relegation. Sportsmail's reporters give their verdicts on the closest run-in for years.
Sebastien Pocognoli says he's baffled by Tony Pulis' decision to drop him from the West Brom team. The Belgian left back has found his game time limited since leaving the club. Pocognoli admits he may have to consider his long-term future.
Stoke City beat Southampton 2-1 in the Premier League on Saturday. Mark Hughes is keen to keep goalkeeper Asmir Begovic at the club. The Bosnian's contract expires next year and Real Madrid are interested.
Leonardo Ulloa scored his first Premier League goal in four months to give Leicester the lead in the 15th minute. Andy King doubled the home side's advantage shortly after half-time. The win lifts Leicester off the bottom of the table for the first time since November.
Aberdeen face Celtic in the Scottish Premiership final on May 10. Celtic are eight points clear at the top of the table. Aberdeen striker Adam Rooney does not want to see Celtic celebrate.
Harry Kane scored his 30th goal of the season for Tottenham on Sunday. PFA Player of the Year nominee is top of EA Sports' Performance Index. Kane is followed by Christian Eriksen and Eden Hazard. CLICK HERE for all the latest Premier League news.
West Ham are moving to the Olympic Stadium in Stratford in 2017. The Hammers have announced a new season-ticket structure. The cheapest season ticket at Upton Park is £620 but there will be £289 seats on offer from the 2016-17 season - the club's first in the 54,000-seater arena.
Andre Blackman, 24, stole a jacket worth more than £1,000 from Harrods. He was ordered to carry out 40 hours of unpaid work after Hammersmith Magistrates’ Court was told he fled from the shop with the £1,225 jacket. Blackman has already played for 11 clubs in his short career.
West Brom host Liverpool in the Premier League on Saturday. The Baggies are currently eight points above the relegation zone. Tony Pulis' side also face Manchester United, Chelsea and Arsenal.
Harry Kane is nominated for PFA Player and Young Player of the Season. Tottenham striker has scored 20 Premier League goals this season. Kane is up against Eden Hazard and Alexis Sanchez for top prize.
Celtic lost 1-0 to Inverness in the Scottish Cup semi-final on Sunday. Inverness defender Josh Meekings handballed in the build-up to a goal. Referee Steven McLean missed the incident and did not send Meekings off.
Josh Meekings handled a header from Leigh Griffiths in the first half. Inverness went on to beat Celtic 3-2 after extra-time in the semi-final. Celtic wrote to the SFA to seek 'clarification' on the reasons for referee Steven McLean and his four assistants missing the incident. Inverness have vowed to 'vigorously defend' their player at an SFA tribunal.
Celtic lost 3-2 to Inverness in Scottish Cup semi-final after extra time. Craig Gordon was sent off for foul on Marley Watkins. Ronny Deila was furious at additional assistant Alan Muir.
Celtic have written to the SFA seeking 'to understand' how the match officials failed to spot the hand Josh Meekings used to block a Leigh Griffiths shot in their semi-final defeat to Inverness. Brown views the whole furore as 'a bit of sour grapes' that speaks of the frustration within his old rivals.
Stuart McCall says he is already looking at transfer targets for next season. Rangers are in the Scottish Championship play-off positions. The Ibrox club have expanded their scouting network after a haphazard system over the past few years.
Celtic crashed out of the Scottish Cup to Inverness on Saturday. Josh Meekings blocked Leigh Griffiths' goal-bound shot with his hand. The Bhoys were leading 1-0 at the time but went on to lose 3-2. John Hartson has urged his former club to move on from the controversy.
Rangers have held their first meeting with Mike Ashley since assuming control at Ibrox. Interim chairman Paul Murray and director John Gilligan held talks with Ashley and other members of the Sports Direct hierarchy on Wednesday. Ashley owns an 8.92 per cent stake in Rangers.
Walter Smith worked closely with Ally McCoist and Kenny McDowall. The duo assumed the reins at Rangers during four years of turmoil. Smith believes McCoist deserves a chance to prove himself as a successful manager at a stable club.
Aston Villa travel to Manchester City in the Premier League on Saturday. Tim Sherwood is confident his side can secure their Premier League survival. Gabriel Agbonlahor could be back from a hamstring injury.
Isco has been one of Real Madrid's best players this season. But he has seen his place come under threat in recent weeks. James Rodriguez's return from injury saw him drop to the bench. Isco returned to the starting XI for the Champions League semi-final.
Ally McCoist was sacked as Rangers manager in December. The 53-year-old is the club's record scorer with 355 goals. Former defender John Brown says McCoist will be welcomed back.
Bacary Sagna left Arsenal at the end of last season. France international has played only 16 times for Manchester City. City are fourth in the Premier League, with Arsenal second. Sagna said he would do it again if he was faced with a similar choice.
Arsenal host Chelsea at the Emirates Stadium on Sunday (4pm kick-off) Arsene Wenger has failed to win in 12 games against Jose Mourinho. Wenger has drawn five and lost seven of his 12 clashes with Mourinho. Cesc Fabregas will return to the club he played for for for the first time.
Floyd Mayweather's fight with Manny Pacquiao is less than two weeks away. The 38-year-old has been using a Cryosauna to aid his recovery. The machine cools the bath to -175F (-115C) using liquid nitrogen. Mayweather was the first person to use the bath in SubZero Recovery in Las Vegas.
Tottenham have won two of their 10 lunchtime kick-offs this season. Spurs lost four of those matches and drew the other two. Mauricio Pochettino's side face his former club Southampton on Saturday.
Pep Guardiola's contract at Bayern Munich expires at the end of the 2015-16 season. Borussia Monchengladbach boss Lucien Favre is on course for Champions League football next season. Ottmar Hitzfeld believes Favre is the man to replace Guardiola at Bayern.
Bayern Munich CEO Karl-Heinz Rummenigge says Pep Guardiola will see out his three-year contract with the German champions. Guardiola has been repeatedly linked with a move to Manchester City. Bayern could win the Bundesliga title this weekend and take on Borussia Dortmund in the German Cup final before their Champions League semi-final next month.
Real Madrid face Barcelona in the Champions League semi-finals. Cristiano Ronaldo and Lionel Messi have only met twice this season. The pair could go head-to-head in the final in Berlin on June 6. The other semi-final is between Bayern Munich and Juventus. Click here for all the latest Champions League news.
Walter Smith stepped down as Rangers chairman two years ago. Dave King, the chairman-elect, has still to obtain the SFA clearance he needs for a seat in the boardroom. Details of how the club proposes to stabilise the finances have yet to come. Championship promotion play-offs threaten more landmines than the Somme.
Manny Pacquiao will fight Floyd Mayweather on May 2 in the richest fight in boxing history. The Filipino star held an open training session at the Wild Card gym in Hollywood on Wednesday. Pacquiao says he wants to speak to Mayweather about the Gospel of the Lord and how everything we get is a gift from God.
Floyd Mayweather is down to within three-and-a-half pounds of the welterweight limit ahead of mega-fight against Manny Pacquiao. The pair will go head-to-head in a $300million mega-fight at the MGM Grand in Las Vegas on May 2. Mayweather was photographed taking the scales for the WBC’s mandatory weight check 30 days before a world title fight.
Manny Pacquiao takes on Floyd Mayweather in Las Vegas on May 2. The Filipino is the underdog for the bout, billed as 'The Biggest Fight in History' Pacquiao laughed with trainer Freddie Roach after receiving a personalised speed ball with Mayweather's face painted on it.
Floyd Mayweather and Manny Pacquiao will fight on May 2 in Las Vegas. The mega-fight is worth an estimated $180million, making it the richest in boxing history. Mayweather held a media workout at his gym on Tuesday ahead of the fight. Mayweather: 'If one fight defined everything this would be the only one I'd have needed' Click here for more boxing news.
Floyd Mayweather Jnr took to the swimming pool on Sunday. The 38-year-old continued his preparations ahead of mega-fight. Mayweather Jnr and Manny Pacquiao will meet in Las Vegas on May 2.
Floyd Mayweather's fight against Manny Pacquiao will cost US viewers $100. The recommended price is $89.95 (£60.70), but any HD surcharge up to $10 could be added on by TV providers HBO and Showtime. Mayweather's fight against Canelo Alvarez in September 2013 cost US viewers $64.95.
Floyd Mayweather takes on Manny Pacquiao in a £160million mega-fight on May 2. Mayweather released pictures from his training camp appearing to show him hanging a weight from his head. Pacquiao thanked actor Mark Wahlberg for visiting him at training.
Arsenal host Liverpool at the Emirates Stadium (Saturday 12.45pm) Danny Welbeck faces a fitness test after picking up a knee injury on international duty with England. Mikel Arteta, Mathieu Debuchy, Abou Diaby and Jack Wilshere all stepped up their rehabilitation in a friendly on Tuesday. Daniel Sturridge is expected to have recovered from a hip injury. Martin Skrtel and Steven Gerrard begin three-match suspensions.
Sevilla will play Fiorentina for a place in the Europa League final. The other semi-final sees Napoli take on Dnipro Dnipropetrovsk of Ukraine. The final will take place in Warsaw on May 27.
Burnley host Tottenham Hotspur at Turf Moor (Sunday 1.30pm) Stephen Ward should be back in contention for the Clarets. Matt Taylor is also nearing a return after recovering from achilles surgery. Dean Marney and Kevin Long remain long term absentees for Sean Dyche's side.
Manchester City have already met Jurgen Klopp to assess him for the manager’s job – but it was back in 2013 when they were seeking a replacement for Roberto Mancini. Txiki Begiristain, City’s director of football met the Borussia Dortmund manager and concluded that he was not the right fit for City – and the club went on to appoint Manuel Pellegrini. Begiristain’s meeting and rejection of Klopp back in 2013 adds weight to the growing evidence that Klopp will not get the Manchester City job.
Sam Allardyce is not the man to lead West Ham into their new exciting adventure at the Olympic Stadium. If Rafael Benitez wants to return to English football maybe he can be persuaded to take over a project that includes a move to the iconic Olympic Stadium in a year's time. West Ham need a coach of high ambition to underline the size of the venture.
Floyd Mayweather will fight Manny Pacquiao in Las Vegas on May 2. The mega-fight will generate revenue upwards of $300 million. Mayweather's daughter Iyanna has been spending time in her father's training camp. Iyanna says she is amazed by her dad's work ethic in the gym.
Floyd Mayweather will fight Manny Pacquiao in Las Vegas on May 2. The undefeated world champion gave fans an inside look at his private jet. Muhammad Ali wants Pacquiao to win the fight, according to his daughter.
Jurgen Klopp will leave Borussia Dortmund at the end of the season. The 47-year-old has long been linked with taking over from Arsene Wenger. Nigel Winterburn says Wenger should be given two more years.
Borussia Dortmund have announced Thomas Tuchel will take over in July. Tuchel will replace Jurgen Klopp, who is leaving the club at the end of the season. The 41-year-old will sign a three-year deal at the Westfalenstadion.
Usain Bolt is in Brazil to promote an event over the weekend. He visited a gym in Rio de Janeiro's Mangueira favela on Thursday. Bolt took three shots on the basketball court and converted all three. He has admitted that the 2016 Olympic games in Rio will be his last.
Kenya's athletics federation has suspended Volare Sports and Rosa & Associati. The decision comes amid a rise in doping among the country's runners. Volare Sports' clients include Dennis Kimetto and Wilson Kipsang.
Usain Bolt ran the 200 metres in 19.19sec at the 2009 World Championships. The Jamaican sprinter insists he is almost impossible to beat when he is fully fit. Bolt will compete in the 'Mano a Mano' 100-metre challenge in Rio on Sunday.
Red is the overwhelming colour across the Football League in terms of the party that governs clubs' constituencies. The Conservatives trail some way behind, while the Liberal Democrats have only seven clubs in constituencies where they hold power. Overall, Ed Miliband’s party has MPs in constituencies housing 55 of the 92 clubs in England’s top four divisions.
Matt Derbyshire opened the scoring for Rotherham after four minutes. Ross McCormack equalised for the hosts in the second half. Kit Symons admitted his side were second best and need to rebuild.
Tiger Woods dropped his club on the ninth hole at the Masters on Sunday. The 39-year-old's club came into contact with a tree root. Woods said he popped a ligament in his right wrist back into place. The American ended the round on 1-over-par 73, tied for 17th.
Millers were sanctioned by the Football League for fielding an ineligible player. Derby's Farrend Rawson played in their 1-0 win over Brighton on Easter Monday after his youth loan had expired and the paperwork over an extension was not dealt with correctly. Rotherham have hired QC Jim Sturman to defend them, but a three-point deduction is thought to be the likeliest punishment should they be found guilty.
Real Madrid beat Atletico Madrid 1-0 on aggregate in Champions League. Carlo Ancelotti's side could face Barcelona, Juventus or Bayern Munich in the semi-finals. Real defender Raphael Varane filmed supporters welcoming the team.
Paris Saint-Germain were knocked out of the Champions League by Barcelona. Laurent Blanc says that PSG need more time to reach the top. Blaise Matuidi says that PSG's problems are collective.
Garry Monk insists Newcastle United's players will not be affected by protests. Fans have been asked to stand in the 34th minute of Saturday's match. Newcastle have lost their last six Premier League games under John Carver.
Joe Launchbury has been out since October with a neck injury. The 24-year-old could make his comeback against Leicester on May 9. Launchbury still has aspirations of playing for England at the World Cup.
Rafa Benitez's Napoli side beat Wolfsburg 4-1 in the Europa League. The Spaniard is out of contract at the end of the season. Manchester City, Paris St Germain and Real Madrid are all considering changes as are West Ham and Newcastle.
Yaya Toure is open to leaving Manchester City this summer. The 31-year-old's agent Dimitri Seluk wants to talk to City about his future. Inter Milan boss Roberto Mancini wants to be reunited with Toure.
Jack Wilshere was on the bench for Arsenal's FA Cup final against Reading. The 23-year-old had been out for five months through injury. Ray Parlour has backed Wilshere to be the future of the club.
Sportsmail revealed how popular each Premier League club is around the globe according to Twitter followers. Arsenal came out on top globally with 5.68million followers ahead of Chelsea (5.49m) and Manchester United (4.87m) Guangzhou Evergrande Taobao are third on the list of clubs in the world with most Weibo followers.
Alexis Sanchez joined Arsenal from Barcelona last summer. The Chilean forward has scored 22 goals in all competitions so far. Sanchez has been nominated for the PFA Player of the Year award. He has singled out team-mate Santi Cazorla as a'spectacular player'
Juventus beat Monaco 1-0 on aggregate to reach Champions League semi-finals. Patrice Evra believes Ligue 1 clubs could learn from Italian style of play. Former Manchester United defender says Juventus played 'ugly' game. Evra urges Paul Pogba not to rush his return from injury.
Bafetimbi Gomis injured his hamstring during Swansea's 1-1 draw with Everton. The Frenchman will miss league trips to Leicester and Newcastle. Gomis hopes to return for the visit to Arsenal on May 11.
Real Madrid will play Juventus in the Champions League semi-finals. Barcelona and Bayern Munich will face each other in the other last four. We asked our team of reporters who they think will win the Champions League.
John Peacock names squad for UEFA European Under-17 Championship. Young Lions are defending champions after beating Holland on penalties in last year's final. Chelsea's Jayilva and Ike Ugbo and Arsenal's Willock and Mavididi included. Liverpool pair Herbie Kane and Trent Arnold have been recalled.
Investigators have released images of fans who tended to the wounded. The men and women were pictured rushing towards those crushed. They were seen carrying the wounded on stretchers and tending to others. The pictures form part of an ongoing Home Office inquiry into the disaster.
Jordan Spieth visited the observation deck of the Empire State Building. The Augusta record-equalling champion was still proudly sporting his green jacket as he snapped a selfie. The world's media were keen to get even more footage of the Augusta champion after his big weekend.
Jordan Henderson has signed a new long-term contract with Liverpool. The 24-year-old's new deal will keep him at Anfield until the summer of 2020. Henderson's current terms had 12 months to run.
Marcus Bettinelli only made his debut for Fulham last August. The 22-year-old has one more year left on his contract at Craven Cottage. Chelsea manager Jose Mourinho believes Bettinelli could provide back-up for Thibaut Courtois.
Bayern Munich host Porto in the second leg of their Champions League quarter-final on Tuesday night. Pep Guardiola's side trail 3-1 from the first leg in Portugal. The Spaniard is targeting winning three trophies with Bayern this season. Bayern are top of the Bundesliga and in the German Cup semi-final.
Gareth Bale has not started eight of Real Madrid's matches this season. The Welshman has been absent through injury and omission. But Los Blancos have won every match without him, scoring 25 and conceding just one goal.
Thiago scored in Bayern Munich's 6-1 win over Porto on Tuesday night. Former Manchester United boss David Moyes was not keen on the transfer. Moyes believed Thiago could not cope with the physical demands of the Premier League. Thiago is now one of the best passers of the ball in that position.
Southampton have the fourth highest wage bill in the Premier League. Chelsea are the third-highest payers with Manchester United second. Burnley have the lowest wage bill with £21.5m based on financial figures.
David de Gea has been heavily linked with a move to Real Madrid. The Spanish keeper has impressed for Louis van Gaal's side this season. Phil Neville says keeping De Gea at the club would be the biggest signing this summer.
Manchester United are reported to have made a £21.5m bid for Mats Hummels. Bild have reported the bid has been placed but it hasn't gone in yet. United also retain an interest in Ilkay Gundogan. CLICK HERE for all the latest transfer news with our live updates.
Radamel Falcao has scored just four goals for Manchester United this season. The striker is on a season-long loan from Monaco. Chief executive Ed Woodward held talks with Monaco on Sunday.
Rafael cracked three ribs during Manchester United's U21 clash with Leicester. The Brazilian right-back is surplus to requirements and will be sold. United have handed trials to MK Dons teenagers Luke Tingey and Kyran Wiltshire.
Arsenal beat Reading 2-1 after extra-time in the FA Cup semi-final. Adam Federici let a tame Alexis Sanchez shot slip through his grasp. The 30-year-old was 'inconsolable' after the match.
Bayern Munich thrashed Porto 6-1 in the Champions League on Tuesday. Pep Guardiola's side have now scored 115 goals for the season. If they churn out 2.61 goals per game, that would be 141 for the campaign.
Top-seeded teams in eight groups will be the defending Champions League winner plus title holders in the seven highest-ranked countries. Currently, top-seeded teams are the eight highest-ranked in a five-year results cycle in UEFA competitions. The new system should elevate league-leading Juventus and Zenit St Petersburg, plus France's champions.
Louis van Gaal has identified Ilkay Gundogan as a long-term successor to Michael Carrick. Borussia Dortmund midfielder Gundogan's contract expires at the end of next season. Jurgen Klopp's impending departure could see Gundogan leave Dortmund.
Barcelona beat PSG 2-0 at the Nou Camp to reach the Champions League semi-finals. Neymar has the blend of Cristiano Ronaldo and Lionel Messi in his skillset. Luis Enrique has strong chance of matching Pep Guardiola's treble-winning debut season. PSG project needs more investment – as long as it's sensible investment.
David Luiz was at fault for both Barcelona goals on Tuesday night. PSG crashed out of the Champions League at the quarter-final stage. ITV pundit Roy Keane offered his sympathy to the Brazil international.
Former England footballer is selling a multi-million pound property. Speculation he wants to dodge Labour’s mansion tax if the party wins. Campbell has even threatened to leave the country if the tax comes into force.
West Ham are set to move into the London 2012 showpiece venue for the start of 2016-17 season. Fresh questions were raised about the award of the 99-year lease to West Ham on Tuesday, when it was suggested the deal may contravene European state aid law. Club are confident that the deal to move into the Olympic Stadium does not contravene domestic or European legislation.
Bayern Munich beat Porto 6-1 at the Allianz Arena on Tuesday night. Pep Guardiola's side raced into a 5-0 lead before half-time. Bayern lost the first leg 3-1 in Portugal last week.
Alexis Sanchez scored twice in Arsenal's FA Cup semi-final win over Reading. The 26-year-old also scored a brace at Wembley in Chile's 2-0 defeat of England in November 2013. Sanchez shortlisted for PFA Player of the Year alongside Eden Hazard.
Adam Federici let a tame Alexis Sanchez shot slip through his grasp in the sixth minute of extra-time as Reading lost 2-1 to Arsenal in the FA Cup semi-final. The 30-year-old will be back in action against Birmingham on Wednesday. Reading boss Steve Clarke has backed Federici to bounce back.
Bayern Munich beat Porto 7-1 on aggregate to reach Champions League semi-finals. Pep Guardiola said after the game that winning is a matter of life and death. The Spaniard said he felt his team would advance after Porto defeat.
Andres Iniesta had failed to register an assist or goal from 19 La Liga games this season. But the 30-year-old provided the assist for Neymar's first goal against PSG. Iniesta was replaced by Xavi at half-time as Barcelona won 2-0. Barcelona won 5-1 on aggregate to reach the Champions League semi-finals.
John Higgins impressed with a 10-5 first-round victory over Robert Milkins. The 39-year-old fired breaks of 77, 75, 69 and a clinching 106 in the second session. Graeme Dott was a 10-8 winner earlier as he ousted Ricky Walden.
Barry Hawkins beat Matthew Selt 10-9 at the World Snooker Championship. Hawkins led 9-4 before Selt won five frames in a row. Hawkins will play either Mark Allen or Ryan Day in the second round.
West Ham are interested in signing Jamaican youngster DeShane Beckford. The 17-year-old impressed during a trial with the Hammers. Beckford also has offers from clubs in Belgium.
Floyd Mayweather and Manny Pacquiao will fight in Las Vegas on May 2. Referee Kenny Bayless has been confirmed as the third man in the ring. He will celebrate his 65th birthday two days after supervising the fight.
The winner's share of the $10million pot worked out at £1.23million in our currency. Ian Poulter improved on his previous best Masters finish by shooting a second straight 67 share of sixth. Phil Mickelson opted for an all-black outfit on day four in an unusual bid to try and improve his performance.
Kenny Bayless will referee Floyd Mayweather vs Manny Pacquiao on May 2. Bayless has previously refereed five of Mayweather's bouts and seven of Pacquiao's. The 64-year-old will pocket $25,000 for the night's work.
Andy Murray tied the knot with Kim Sears on Saturday at Dunblane Cathedral. The couple were pictured outside the 12th century cathedral just after 3.00pm. Hundreds of well-wishers gathered on the streets to greet the couple. Murray's mother Judy arrived at the cathedral just before 4.00pm.
Glenn Roeder is now part of a new management team at Sheffield Wednesday. Former Hull City chairman Adam Pearson is also part of the team. The team is set up by new Thai owner Dejphon Chansiri.
Bayern Munich trail 3-1 to Porto in their Champions League quarter-final. Xabi Alonso won the Champions League with Liverpool and Real Madrid. Clarence Seedorf won the trophy with AC Milan, Ajax and Real Madrid. Thiago Motta could equal Seedorf's record if he wins with PSG.
There are 23 current and former Premier League players involved in the Champions League. Seven former Manchester United players are involved in Europe's top competition. Cristiano Ronaldo, Patrice Evra, Carlos Tevez, Paul Pogba, Dimitar Berbatov, Gerard Pique, Javier Hernandez and Gareth Bale are all involved.
Tim Sherwood has guided Aston Villa to five wins from 10 games. Christian Benteke has scored nine in his last seven for Villa. Fabian Delph has been given the captain's armband at Villa Park. Sherwood watched on-loan Nottingham Forest's Gary Gardner score.
West Ham lost 2-0 to Manchester City at the Etihad Stadium on Sunday. Sam Allardyce was not happy with a foul by Eliaquim Mangala on Stewart Downing. The Hammers boss launched a tirade at fourth official Robert Madley.
West Ham are currently 15th in the Premier League table. The Hammers have won just one of their last 11 games. They were beaten 2-0 by Manchester City on Sunday.
Manchester City are keen for Pep Guardiola to become their new manager in 2016. Guardiola is facing his first Champions League exit prior to the semi-final stages of his coaching career. Last season’s 5-0 aggregate dismantling at the hands of Real Madrid in the last four raised eyebrows in Bavaria. Bayern doctor Hans-Wilhelm Muller-Wohlfahrt quit last week after a reported rift with Guardiola.
Former World No 1 Martina Hingis lost 6-4, 6-0 to Agnieszka Radwanska. Hingis played her first tour-level singles match since 2007. The Swiss was persuaded to play because of injuries in the team.
Memphis Depay has been linked with a move to Manchester United. Liverpool and Bayern Munich are also interested in PSV Eindhoven winger. Ronald de Boer has likened Depay to a young Cristiano Ronaldo.
The FA and Premier League are at loggerheads over scheduling. Saturday's FA Cup semi-final clash clashed with a top Premier League fixture. Manchester United's visit to Chelsea took viewers away from the game.
Liverpool have been given permission to install a 4.5metre fine mesh privacy screen at their Melwood base. The club had grown concerns over confidentiality of their team details being leaked prior to matches. Local residents wanted a designated area for fans to be able to watch training and did not want a screen put up.
Liverpool lost 1-0 to Aston Villa in the FA Cup semi-final on Sunday. Steven Gerrard's Liverpool career will now come to an end at Stoke. Gerrard's final game at Anfield will be against Crystal Palace on May 16.
Chelsea defeated Manchester United 1-0 at Stamford Bridge on Saturday. The result leaves Jose Mourinho's side 10 points clear at the top of the table. Louis van Gaal's side are coming for Chelsea and this is what English football needs.
Eden Hazard has been in superb form for Chelsea this season. The Belgian scored the winner against Manchester United on Saturday. Hazard is expected to be named PFA Player of the Year on Sunday.
Liverpool face a major rebuilding job after another trophyless season. Manager Brendan Rodgers could see up to 10 of his stars leave. Captain Steven Gerrard has already agreed to join LA Galaxy. Defender Glen Johnson is out of contract and set to go on a free transfer. Kolo Toure is also considering whether to accept the offer of a new deal. Raheem Sterling is embroiled in a contract stand-off with Manchester City.
Michael Conlan beat José Vicente Azocar 49-46 in Venezuela on Saturday. Conlan needed to win to book his place at the Rio 2016 Olympic Games. Team-mate Paddy Barnes also needed a win to book his place. Barnes is the first Irish boxer ever to qualify for three Olympics.
Floyd Mayweather and Manny Pacquiao will fight in Las Vegas on May 2. Amir Khan is waiting for a mega-fight with Pacquiao in Abu Dhabi. The Bolton boxer believes Pacquiao will struggle against Mayweather.
Juventus are monitoring Raheem Sterling's situation at Liverpool. The Italian champions are looking to strengthen further this summer. Manchester City, Chelsea, Real Madrid, Paris St Germain and Bayern Munich are all among Sterling's admirers. Juventus have made an offer for Belgium midfielder Axel Witsel of Zenit St Petersburg.
Aston Villa beat Liverpool 2-1 in the FA Cup semi-final on Sunday. Christian Benteke and Fabian Delph scored for Villa at Wembley. Tim Sherwood's side will face Arsenal in the final on May 30.
Phil Jagielka is five games away from going a complete season without getting a single booking on club duty. Tom Cleverley has found a steely edge since Tim Sherwood took charge at Aston Villa. Marc Albrighton is emerging as a key weapon for Leicester in their fight for survival. Tony Pulis still finds something extra in his teams against former clubs.
David Moyes gave Wayne Rooney his professional debut as a 16-year-old at Everton back in 2002. The pair had a well-publicised falling out following Rooney's departure from Goodison Park in 2004. Moyes succeeded Sir Alex Ferguson as Manchester United manager in 2013. Rooney has been a vital cog in Louis van Gaal's new-look United outfit this season.
Manny Pacquiao will fight Floyd Mayweather in Las Vegas on May 2. The richest fight of all time is said to be worth $300m. Pacquiao's shorts alone will carry sponsorship logos worth £1.5m.
Liverpool lost 2-1 to Aston Villa in the FA Cup semi-final on Sunday. Brendan Rodgers must accept criticism for his side's performance. The club's transfer committee must also be questioned.
Manchester United lost 1-0 to Chelsea in their Premier League clash. Wayne Rooney was happy with his side's display at Stamford Bridge. Louis van Gaal labelled his side's performance as their best of the season.
Marouane Fellaini has been in brilliant form for Manchester United. The midfielder has been terrorising opposition defences of late. Chelsea goalkeeper Thibaut Courtois believes his side will be able to combat Fellaini's style of play on Saturday.
Chelsea defeated Manchester United 1-0 in their Premier League clash. Eden Hazard scored the only goal of the game in the 38th minute. The Belgian has now scored 17 goals for the season.
Eden Hazard scored his 13th goal of the season to give Chelsea the lead in the first half. The Belgium international latched on to a through ball to slot the ball past David de Gea. Jose Mourinho's side now have a four-point lead at the top of the Premier League with two games remaining.
Chelsea beat Manchester United 1-0 in their Premier League clash. Ander Herrera was denied a late penalty for diving against Gary Cahill. Jose Mourinho said the incident will be forgotten because it was not a Chelsea player.
Chelsea beat Manchester United 1-0 at Stamford Bridge on Saturday. The Blues are now two wins away from clinching the Premier League title. Jose Mourinho has warned his players they still have work to do.
Chelsea beat Manchester United 1-0 in their Premier League clash. Eden Hazard scored the only goal of the game at Stamford Bridge. Jose Mourinho's side are now 10 points clear at the top of the table.
Bournemouth drew 2-2 with Sheffield Wednesday at Dean Court on Saturday. The Cherries went from top to second in the space of one game. The battle for automatic promotion is hotting up with three points covering four teams and with two games to play.
Paul Scholes, Phil Neville, Gary Neville, Ryan Giggs and Nicky Butt co-own Salford City with the former Manchester United team-mates. Salford City are the team who have happened upon five of the biggest names in English football as owners. Win at home to Ossett Town on Saturday and they are up.
Radamel Falcao has failed to score or have a shot on target in 10 Premier League games since January 31. The Colombian's £280,000-a-week wages are a massive burden for United. Falcao started in Manchester United's 1-0 defeat at Chelsea on Saturday.
Andres Iniesta made his Barcelona debut in the 2002-03 season. Louis van Gaal was Barca manager when Iniesta made his debut. Iniesta has praised Van Gaal for giving him a chance at the club.
Arsenal beat Reading 2-1 after extra time in the FA Cup semi-final. Garath McCleary scored an equaliser for the Championship side. Steve Clarke will hope to lead Reading back into the Premier League.
Premier League clubs agreed to adopt the policy at a recent meeting. In-house staff will be paid £7.85 an hour from the start of the 2016-17 season. Man United have decided to implement the salary a year early.
Manchester United host City in the derby at Old Trafford on Sunday. Wayne Rooney wants to put a smile back on the faces of United fans. United have lost their last four games against City.
Everton defeated Burnley 1-0 in their Premier League clash at Goodison Park. Burnley forward Ashley Barnes was sent off just before half time for two bookable offences. Belgium international Kevin Mirallas opened the scoring on his return to the first team. Ross Barkley had a late chance to double the lead from the penalty spot but missed it.
Rotor Volgograd have been wound up after going bankrupt. The club famously beat Manchester United in the UEFA Cup in 1995. A 'new' amateur club, which will also be known as Rotor Volgograd, will take part in the Russian third division.
Steven Naismith has won the Barclays Spirit of the Game Award. The Everton forward has been recognised for his charity work and contributions to the local community. Naismith has worked with the likes of Job Centre Plus, Dyslexia Scotland and the Whitechapel Centre in Liverpool.
Burnley travel to Everton in the Premier League on Saturday. Sean Dyche's side are two points from safety with six games to go. Roberto Martinez says his Burnley players remind him of his old Wigan side when they avoided relegation.
Manny Pacquiao fights Floyd Mayweather in Las Vegas on May 2. The Filipino uploaded a picture of one of the t-shirts on Instagram. There are four shirts available on the website selling the merchandise. Mayweather and Pacquiao's fight is set to generate a mouth-watering $300million.
Everton beat Burnley 1-0 in their Premier League clash on Saturday. Ross Barkley missed a 10th minute penalty at Goodison Park. Leighton Baines has scored 15 penalties from 16 attempts in the league.
Floyd Mayweather fights Manny Pacquiao in Las Vegas on May 2. Tickets for the mega-fight have yet to go on public sale. The two camps and the MGM Grand are locked in a stand-off over allotments. When they are finally put on sale, only a few will be sold at the listed price.
Christian Benteke has two years left on his contract at Aston Villa. The 24-year-old has scored eight goals in his last six matches. Wolfsburg are monitoring Benteke's situation closely.
Laura Robson hasn't played since the 2014 Australian Open. The 21-year-old has been training in Tampa in a bid to build up her fitness. Robson shared a picture on Instagram of her cooling down in an ice bath.
Floyd Mayweather fights Manny Pacquiao on May 2. The mega-fight is expected to be the biggest in boxing history. Jamie Redknapp and Thierry Henry go head-to-head in mock fight.
Steven Gerrard is set to leave Liverpool at the end of the season. Martin Skrtel believes Gerrard is still one of the best players in the world. Liverpool face Aston Villa in the FA Cup semi-final on Sunday.
Liverpool face Aston Villa in the FA Cup semi-final on Sunday. Brendan Rodgers wants Liverpool to reclaim the form that led to Wembley being called 'Anfield South' under Kenny Dalglish. Rodgers believes cup glory would help his players develop a stronger winning mentality for future seasons.
Stoke sit 17th in the Premier League Fair Play standings. Mark Hughes believes his side are being harshly marked down because of the unofficial club anthem 'Delilah' The 1960s song has been criticised for promoting domestic violence.
Barcelona face fourth-placed Valencia at the Nou Camp on Saturday. Luis Enrique has urged his side to focus on the La Liga title race. Andreas Iniesta is definitely ruled out for Barca with a bruised pelvis.
Barcelona beat Paris Saint-Germain 3-1 in the Champions League quarter final. Luis Suarez scored twice to put Barca firmly in control of the tie. Suarez says he nutmegged David Luiz twice because it was his quickest way to goal.
Zlatan Ibrahimovic banned for four games after swearing at referee. Marseille's Dimitri Payet was given a two-game suspension. Both clubs appealed to the French Olympic Committee (CNOSF)
The Greek government has put forward a bill which could see sporting events cancelled due to incidents of crowd violence and teams prohibited from playing in European competition. UEFA and FIFA say that is direct government interference in football and have threatened to suspend Greece. Gianni Infantino says there will be no choice but to suspend Greece.
Stephan Lichtsteiner played with Eden Hazard at Lille. The Juventus defender says he could tell Hazard was special. Lichtsteiner says he is watching Kingsley Coman become a star. Juventus face Monaco in the Champions League on Wednesday night.
Gareth Bale is out of Real Madrid's Champions League tie against Atletico. The 25-year-old injured his calf during Saturday's 3-1 win against Malaga. Bale took to Facebook on Wednesday to wish his team good luck.
Leicester forward Harry Panayiotou put his side in the lead after 18 minutes after getting on the end of a cross by Anthony Knockaert. Manchester United right back Rafael had to be taken off in the 44th minute after sustaining a rib injury during the reserve match. Robin van Persie made his first appearance since February after recovering from an ankle injury. Sean Goss equalised for the visitors in the 32nd minute after being set up by Van Persie.
Leonardo Jardim says Monaco's performance in the Champions League shows you don't need to buy big. The French club are in with a chance of qualifying for the semi-finals for the first time in 11 years. Jardim's side host Juventus at the Stade Louis II on Wednesday.
Chelsea, Arsenal and Manchester City were eliminated at the Champions League last 16 stage. Everton were dumped out of the Europa League in the same round. Atletico Madrid take on Real Madrid in a Champions League quarter-final second leg on Wednesday night.
Nathaniel Clyne is yet to agree a new contract at Southampton. The England right-back is out of contract at the end of the season. Manchester United, Chelsea and Liverpool are all interested in the 24-year-old.
Everton have expressed an interest in Charlie Austin. The QPR striker has 17 goals so far this season. The Toffees have made a new striker their priority for the summer.
Gianfranco Zola spoke to Brentford owner Matthew Benham on Saturday. Mark Warburton is to leave Brentford at the end of the season. The Bees are three points outside the play-off places.
Rob Green made a calamitous error in England's 1-1 draw with USA at the 2010 World Cup. The QPR goalkeeper has won 12 caps for England. West Ham boss Sam Allardyce says Green can rival Joe Hart for England No 1 spot.
Memphis Depay has held talks with Paris St Germain with the permission of his club PSV Eindhoven. The dialogue represents a threat to Premier League clubs with PSG understood to have made a significantly better financial offer than Liverpool. Depay is intrigued by the prospect of playing with Zlatan Ibrahimovic.
Real Madrid beat Atletico Madrid 1-0 in the Champions League. Javier Hernandez scored a late winner at the Bernabeu Stadium. Thierry Henry believes the Mexican striker owes all his goals to Cristiano Ronaldo.
Barcelona face Paris Saint-Germain in the Champions League on Tuesday. Luis Suarez has scored 19 goals in all competitions for Barca this season. Suarez admits he was nervous about playing alongside Lionel Messi and Neymar when he joined the Catalan club.
Real Madrid beat Atletico Madrid 1-0 in the Champions League on Wednesday. Javier Hernandez scored the winning goal with a late strike. Former Arsenal striker Thierry Henry criticised Hernandez for his celebration. Henry posted an 84-minute compilation video of Michael Laudrup's passing.
Amir Khan will fight Chris Algieri in New York on May 29. The Bolton-born fighter takes on Algieri at the Barclays Center. Khan has slammed Kell Brook for his recent comments. Brook defends his world welterweight title against Frankie Gavin.
Manny Pacquiao faces Floyd Mayweather in Las Vegas on May 2. The Hitman believes Pacquiao has the style to beat Mayweather. He also says having Freddie Roach in his corner gives Pacquiao an advantage. But Hatton warns Amir Khan could cause Mayweather problems.
Kell Brook beat Jo Jo Dan to win the IBF World Welterweight title last month. Brook will fight Frankie Gavin at the O2 in London on May 30. Brook had been desperate to fight Amir Khan at Wembley in June.
Floyd Mayweather takes on Manny Pacquiao in a mega-fight on May 2. The undefeated pound-for-pound No 1 believes he is better than Muhammad Ali and Sugar Ray Robinson. Mayweather also criticised Ali's 'rope-a-dope' tactics against George Foreman.
Floyd Mayweather fights Manny Pacquiao in Las Vegas on May 2. The official advert for the fight has been released. The 30-second clip was filmed in a Los Angeles studio on March 11. Mayweather vs Pacquiao expected to break pay-per-view record.
Manny Pacquiao and Floyd Mayweather will fight in Las Vegas on May 2. The pair came close to agreeing a big-money bout five years ago. But it eventually fell through, leaving the boxing world waiting. Pacquiao's trainer Freddie Roach believes his man is better equipped now.
Manny Pacquiao is due to fight Floyd Mayweather in Las Vegas on May 2. Pacquiao's camp had blamed the log-jam of callers for overloading the system. Arum has always doubted the worth of mass telephone talk-ins.
Blackpool chairman Karl Oyston sent a series of vitriolic volleys to fan Stephen Smith. Oyston later apologised for his part in the exchange, and it is understood his denial boils down to a reasonable expectation of privacy. His appeal is expected to be heard by a separate FA panel next month.
Amir Khan will fight Chris Algieri in New York on May 29. The 28-year-old has set his sights on a bout with Manny Pacquiao. Khan took a break from training with a bottle of milkshake.
Stan Ternent, Hull's chief scout has watched the 25-year-old. Rybus impressed during Poland's 1-1 draw with Republic of Ireland. In 27 appearances for club and country this season, Rybus has scored three goals.
Inverness' Josh Meekings blocked a goal-bound effort from Leigh Griffiths. Meekings was sent off in the Scottish Cup semi-final defeat to Celtic. The Caley Thistle defender has been retrospectively suspended. Celtic manager Ronny Deila has called for Meekings' ban to be overturned.
Manchester City will not compromise on quality in their search for homegrown players this summer. The champions need eight homegrown players for their first-team squad next season to meet guidelines set out by the Premier League. City have to ask about Raheem Sterling even if Liverpool are likely to refuse to sell him. They are also interested in signing Danny Ings, Jay Rodriguez and James Ward-Prowse.
Gary Johnson took over as manager of Cheltenham Town on March 30. He asked his players to sign a sheet of paper pledging to give all. Cheltenham are 23rd in League Two with two games to play.
Harry Kane, Nabil Bentaleb and Ryan Mason are all products of Spurs' youth system. Mauricio Pochettino has questioned the logic of blooding more academy players based on past success. Pochettino insists it is Hugo Lloris' ambition to play in the Champions League with Tottenham.
Tranmere are bottom of the League Two table with two games to go. Manager Micky Adams has left the club by mutual consent. Rovers lost 3-0 to Oxford on Saturday, sparking fears of relegation.
Micky Adams leaves Tranmere by mutual consent with two games to go. Rovers are bottom of League Two and two points adrift of safety. Supporters protested outside Prenton Park after Saturday's 3-0 loss. Assistant manager Alan Rogers and academy manager Shaun Garnett will take temporary charge of first-team affairs.
Burton Albion secured promotion to League One with a 2-1 win at Morecambe. Lucas Akins scored both goals for the Brewers. Shrewsbury are a win away from a return to League One after beating York. Bury set a new club record of seven straight away wins by beating Portsmouth.
Steven Gerrard and Frank Lampard will be honoured by the PFA. The pair will be given special merit awards before they leave the Premier League. The PFA will acknowledge their exceptional careers on the same night they reveal the player and young player of the season.
Elliot Kear will return to rugby league's Championship with London Broncos. The 26-year-old has spent most of the year playing rugby union for London Welsh after leaving Bradford at the end of last season. Kear will be available for Sunday's home game against Dewsbury.
Aaron Cresswell has been linked with a move away from West Ham. The 25-year-old has made 32 Premier League appearances this season. Cresswell signed for the Hammers from Ipswich for £2million last summer.
Real Madrid beat Atletico Madrid 1-0 to reach the Champions League semi-finals. Javier Hernandez scored the winner in the 88th minute at the Bernabeu. The Mexican striker has started only seven of Real Madrid's fifty league games this season.
James Lockwood has been banned for two years by UK Anti-Doping. Lockwood tested positive for growth hormone releasing factors in out-of-competition test last November.
Rafael Benitez has been linked with the Sampdoria job. Sinisa Mihajlovic is being lined up to replace Benitez at Napoli. But Sampdoria president Massimo Ferrero has quashed rumours.
Rafa Benitez is out of contract with Napoli at the end of the season. The Spaniard has been linked with a move to Manchester City. But Benitez has said he has not had any contact with the club. Napoli are firmly on course to reach the semi-finals of the Europa League.
Ian Watson stepped up training ahead of Sunday's home game against Castleford. Salford have lost a fourth player to suspension and three more to injury. If Watson plays he would become the oldest player in Super League.
Bradford Bulls lost to Hull KR in the Ladbrokes Challenge Cup on Sunday. Three cars were broken into and damaged in the club's car park. The Bulls are appealing for witnesses to the incident.
John Helm was commentating on Bradford City’s game against Lincoln City when the fire broke out and still struggles to listen to his description of that fatal day. The tragic fire at Bradford City’s Valley Parade stadium claimed 56 victims and injured 265 on May 11, 1985. Helm has given his insight into what caused the blaze.
Toulon winger Bryan Habana scored decisive try in extra-time. Leigh Halfpenny kicked 20 points from six penalties and a conversion. Victory was founded on the composed goal-kicking of their Welsh Lion at full-back.
Sir Oliver Popplewell conducted the public inquiry into the 1985 Bradford fire. The judge says police should look at eight other fires allegedly connected to the then club chairman to'see if there was anything sinister' The fire at Bradford's Valley Parade stadium claimed 56 lives.
A new book claims that the fire at Valley Parade was just one of at least nine fires at businesses owned by or associated with the club's then chairman Stafford Heginbotham. Gerry Sutcliffe says he knew Heginbotham 'flew by the seat of his pants' in terms of the finances of the club but remains convinced by the conclusion of the inquiry that the fire was an accident.
The fire at Bradford City's Valley Parade claimed 56 lives in 1985. Stuart McCall does not believe the fire was anything other than an accident. The former Bradford player says the verdict of inquiry judge Sir Oliver Popplewell remains the most likely cause of the tragedy.
Liverpool super-middleweight Paul Smith is in line to fight Andre Ward. The fight is expected to take place in Oakland, California, on June 20. Smith has lost his last two world title fights to Arthur Abraham.
Julio Cesar Chavez Jr was stopped in nine rounds by Andrzej Fonfara. Carl Froch has expressed his desire to fight Chavez Jr in Las Vegas. The 37-year-old has not fought since knocking out George Groves.
Manchester City players have backed Patrick Vieira to replace Manuel Pellegrini if the club decide to sack the Chilean at the end of the season. Vieira is highly-respected among City players and coaching staff. City's first-choice managerial option remains Pep Guardiola. Guardiola's contract expires at the end of next season.
An Icelandic duo has created a snack that is made using cricket flour. Called the Jungle Bar it also contains dates, sesame seeds and chocolate. Cricket flour is said to be a good source of protein and other nutrients. The duo hopes it will encourage people in the West to eat more insects.
Alexander Giniyatullin kept a remarkably steady hand filming the scary scene in the Kemerovo Region of Russia. It is thought to have happened at 1pm on April 1 but no one was hurt. Earthflow is a viscous flow of fine-grained materials, such as clay, sand and silt, that has been saturated with water and moves downhill. It can be seen crushing trees in its path, and the sound of crumbling soil and splintering wood can be heard in the video.
Nicholas Tooth was playing for the Quirindi Lions against the Narrabri Blue Boars in a first grade rugby union match on Saturday. He collapsed after hitting his head on an opponent's shoulder during a tackle. The 25-year-old was airlifted to Newcastle's John Hunter Hospital but passed away late on Sunday. Tributes have poured in for the young man, who has been remembered as a 'great bloke' by friends.
Facebook consumes 40 per cent of the time young women spend online. Australian study found women read magazines 'infrequently' but checked Facebook every few hours.
Video emerged showing the Galaxy S6 Edge bending and shattering under 110lbs (50kg) of pressure. The video was released by third-party warranty firm SquareTrade, and has since been criticised by Samsung. Samsung claims the tests conducted by SquareTrade was unfair as 110lbs (50kg) of pressure 'rarely occurs under normal circumstances'
During a 'Flex Cam' break at a Philadelphia Soul game on April 12 a woman proved that she had the biggest muscles in the room. Video of the unidentified woman's robust display at the Arena Football League game has over 300,000 views on YouTube.
Haim Kaplan recorded the hilarious 40-second-video at the Ngorongoro Conservation Area in Tanzania. The driver makes an attempt to scare the baboons away but is forced to retreat as one makes a lunge at him. The man bangs on the side of the truck in an attempt to scare the baboon away and eventually it re-emerges.
Dr Sandra Lee is a dermatologist at the Skin & Physicians Surgeons practice in Upland, California and a regular guest on The Doctors talk show. But online she is simply known as Dr Popper, a moniker she used when she started posting clips of her patients' extractions on her YouTube channel. The clips have earned her nearly 60,000 subscribers, as well as a loyal fan base of zit squeezing enthusiasts on Reddit.
Karen Huff Klein, 71, was tormented by middle school students in Greece, New York in a 10-minute video in 2012. She tried to ignore the boys calling her fat, ugly and poor but was seen wiping away her tears. Now one of the students involved in this verbal attack has been accused, along with two others, of forcing a special-needs student to drink urine from a toilet.
The craze involves having your pet pooch shaped into a sphere or a square. Hairdressers in the Taiwanese capital Taipei are giving it a makeover. Pictures of doe-eyed dogs with their shapely new cuts have proved extremely popular online.
The Indonesian President has confirmed 'it will only be a matter of time' before convicted drug smugglers Andrew Chan and Myuran Sukumaran face the firing squad. Chan and Sukumaran are set to face the firing squad alongside eight other drug felons as soon as all appeals have concluded. The pair lost their most recent appeal for clemency however three of the other death row prisoners are still awaiting the results of their appeals.
The 70-year-old man was playing golf on Monday at the Palmer Sea Reef Golf Course, owned by Clive Palmer. He believes he accidentally stood on a sunbaking crocodile on the 11th hole, causing the croc to swiftly retaliate. The man received puncture wounds on his leg and foot, including one down to the bone. He was treated by paramedics at the scene before being taken to Mossman District Hospital in a stable condition.
The Tateyama Kurobe Alpine Route opened to the public on today. The winding track of Murodo in Japan is 65ft high and starts to melt in summer. The route usually attracts over a million visitors every year.
Little is known about the origin or history of the ancient Tuscan town. Dating back to the 11th century A.D., the town was formerly owned by the Benedictine abbey of San Pietro dei Monti in the 1100s. An earthquake in 1887 measured 6.7 on the Richter scale and caused severe damage to the town’s infrastructure.
Manchester City are four points clear at the top of the Premier League. They have a superior goal difference but are vulnerable against teams like Aston Villa and Queens Park Rangers. An overhaul of playing personnel is due but there has been scant evidence Manuel Pellegrini or Txiki Begiristain are adept at identifying replacements.
The Welsh fort will be joined to the mainland thanks to a 328ft footbridge. St Catherine's Island can currently only be reached by crossing a beach. This connector will open up the island from the coast of Tenby, Pembrokeshire.
Scott Kaiser captured the slow motion footage in Santa Barbara, California. Bird looks majestic before opening its mouth to show size of its beak. Then opens its mouth again and inflates its air sacs in its throat. On display appears to be the pelican’s tongue and some inner bill anatomy.
Adam Prowse, 34, of Torquay, was captured on camera dancing to Michael Jackson’s Don't Stop 'Til You Get Enough' The video of him strutting his stuff with a customer received 1.5 million views.
Patrick Miller and his friend, Damien Rigden, stayed at a 'four-star' hotel. The pair were shocked to find conditions that could have made it one of the worst holidays ever. The three-and-a-half minute video has thousands of views on Facebook and YouTube.
Julie Stauch and married couple Sean Bagniewski and Vidhya Reddy all appear in on the video announcing Clinton's 2016 bid. Bagniewski, who ran for Des Moines City Council in 2013, was a campaigner for Clinton in 2007. Stauch is the former state senate campaign manager for Democrat Wendy Davis, who unsuccessfully ran to be governor of Texas in 2014. Bagniewski is also said to be in talks with Martin O’Malley’s people and may support him.
Jack Wilshere met Pele at the launch of talent agency 10Ten Talent. The Arsenal midfielder was given the 'honour' to interview the Brazil legend. Pele has admitted last year's World Cup was a 'disaster' for Brazil. The hosts were humiliated by Germany in a 7-1 semi-final defeat. Pele has praised Oscar and Ramires for their reaction in the Premier League.
The museum will be dedicated exclusively to the New York director. Hoped to be housed in former arts and crafts school, La Llotja. Hoped the project will be completed in two years.
Footage was shot at Domodedovo Airport in Russia. Man can be seen lying in foetal position on the conveyor belt. Other passengers appear more concerned with their luggage.
Former England rugby captain Lewis Moody is undertaking a 100km trek to the North Pole to raise £250,000 for charity. His plane was forced to make an emergency landing due to poor visibility. Moody and his fellow trekkers were unharmed in the incident.
Dog named Teeny is captured on video sat opposite trainer Eric Ko. The pair hold onto push-up bars with their front paws and hands respectively. The dog looks up at Eric in excitement and completes a press-up. Eric then says ‘kiss’ and the dog leans towards him and gives him a kiss.
Cracking is caused by the rapid formation of a gas-filled cavity within a slippery substance called synovial fluid that lubricates the space between the finger bones. Experiment was made possible by magnetic resonance imaging (MRI) One of the study's co-authors, Jerome Fryer, was used as the guinea pig for the experiment and lent his own knuckles to the cause.
A lion got its head stuck in a barrel at the Dierenrijk zoo in the Netherlands. Zoo keepers place food in barrels to stimulate the lions as it feeds in the wild. The animal, hoping to beat two other lions to the food, reaches in too far and gets its head stuck.
The cafe is based in Moscow and invites cat lovers to bring their pets when they go for a cup of tea. Alternatively, those who do not have a cat, can rent one for the duration of their visit and play with them in a separate room. All of the cats that live at the cafe were rescued from a local shelter and have each been vaccinated and chipped.
Comedy sketch follows 'Jeff Randl' who travels to Switzerland to compete. Bible-toting and pot-smoking character plays on stereotypes about US tourists. Some viewers said they were offended or didn't find the humour amusing.
Michael Carrick was impressive for England against Italy last week. The Manchester United midfielder has 33 caps for England. But he has made just nine competitive starts for England. England have won just four competitive games when Carrick has started.
Steven Sloan, joined by friends Michael Niccum and Eugene Dight were on an aluminium rowboat when the encounter occurred off the west coast of Anderson Island, Washington. The group believe that the sound of the rope being pulled along the side of the boat is what attracted the orcas.
England cricket team's involvement with fraudster Allen Stanford has been defended by West Indies cricket legend Sir Curtly Ambrose. Stanford's deal with England ended with his arrest and subsequent 110-year jail sentence. Jimmy Anderson was asked what advice he would give young bowlers and replied: 'Ignore the media'
England have pulled out of the home nations international Under 16 tournament. Sky Sports’ drastic cost-cutting across the board is being blamed for the demise of the Victory Shield. Referee Martin Atkinson travelled in business class on return from Munich.
Premier League clubs have turned down a title sponsorship deal worth £45million a year from Guinness. Sky Sports refused to let Thierry Henry present Tony McCoy with the champion jump jockey trophy at his Sandown farewell on Saturday. Gary Neville was keen enough to meet up with the class of 92 for Nicky Butt's wife Shelly's birthday party.
The ECB are to spread the net far wider than expected in their search for the director of cricket to replace the axed Paul Downton. Michael Vaughan, Andrew Strauss and Alec Stewart are all in the frame. Roy Hodgson is keeping in with his boss, FA chairman Greg Dyke, by launching Roses 2015. Test Match Special have relented over their fierce opposition to Test Match Sofa, who covered matches off the television.
Turia Pitt suffered burns to 65 per cent of her body during the 2011 bushfire. She was competing in an ultra-marathon in Kimberley at the time. The 27-year-old said she still struggles to overcome her near-death ordeal. She ran her first marathon last month and clocked a faster time than before.
Chelsea director Marina Granovskaia is confirmed to speak at a women in sport conference at Stamford Bridge on May 21. She allegedly told captain John Terry to ‘take it or f****** leave it’ before he signed his one-year contract extension. Greg Dyke’s £16,400 Parmigiani watch was finally concluded on Tuesday when the adjudicatory chamber of FIFA’s ethics committee closed proceedings against Dyke. Graeme Swann has asked nearly 700,000 Twitter followers to call the police if his F-type Jaguar is seen.
ECB chairman Giles Clarke made a fool of himself at the Wisden Almanack launch. Clarke stormed out of the Lord's Pavilion Long Room after Ehsan Mani's speech. Thierry Henry will not be allowed to present the Grand National for Sky. Clare Balding will not present the women's Boat Race on BBC.
Alex Oxlade-Chamberlain's father Mark is acting as his representative. Calum Chambers is on the books of Cassius Sports Management, whose head of talent ID is his stepfather Steve Moss. Danny Welbeck has long been looked after by his brothers Chris and Wayne. Kieran Gibbs also has a soon-to-be family adviser in his mother Donna’s fiance Andy Harris.
Steve Peters will help troubled England batsman Jonathan Trott. Trott has made a nightmare return to the Test side 18 months since quitting the Ashes tour. Hampshire chairman Rod Bransgrove wants to see an Ashes Test match at his beloved Ageas Bowl ground.
ECB chairman Colin Graves has released very few details of the new director of cricket role for England. Former England captains Andrew Strauss, Michael Vaughan and Alec Stewart are among the front-runners for the post. Sports psychiatrist Steve Peters has helped Jonathan Trott recover from situational anxieties well enough for him to return to the Test arena.
UKIP will be counting on England batting coach Graham Thorpe voting for them in next month’s General Election. Thorpe revealed that he had signed a form supporting the right-wing party, led by Nigel Farage, a year ago. Other big-name cricketers who have been linked with UKIP are Sir Ian Botham and Geoffrey Boycott. Derek Pringle, a top cricket writer, has been approached about becoming cricket consultant of Oman.
Maurice Watkins is a sports lawyer whose firm represents QPR over FFP troubles. Watkins dismissed the conspiracy theory as ‘wholly ludicrous’ Raheem Sterling’s stand-off with Liverpool over a new contract is not just to do with him. England cricket head coach Peter Moores will soon begin a review into England's World Cup failure.
Sky Sports paid £11millon a game to retain their Premier League TV rights. The size of the gamble has led to the company having to re-address their entire sports strategy. The FA continue to micro-manage the supposedly free-for-all media interview mixed zone which players have to go through after matches.
Chelsea Under 19s won the UEFA Youth League last week. The Under 18s will attempt to defend the Youth Cup against Manchester City. Jose Mourinho has promised Ruben Loftus-Cheek his opportunity next season. John Terry was the last truly successful youth product at Chelsea.
Celtic lost 1-0 to Inverness in the Scottish Cup semi-final on Sunday. Leigh Griffiths had a goal-bound shot blocked by Josh Meekings. Referee Steven McLean should have awarded Celtic a penalty.
Louis van Gaal has identified Michael Carrick and Wayne Rooney as his most bright players. The Manchester United boss demands a high level of intelligence from his players. Marouane Fellaini had his football intelligence hammered out of him by David Moyes. Luke Shaw had to take part in extra pre-season training to reach fitness levels.
Celtic lost 3-2 to Inverness in the Scottish Cup semi-final on Sunday. Emilo Izaguirre has called on his team-mates to focus on winning the league. Celtic are currently five points clear at the top of the Scottish Premiership.
Raheem Sterling's agent has been accused of giving him bad advice. He has been linked with a move to Arsenal, admitting he was 'flattered' by their interest. Brendan Rodgers has repeatedly insisted that Sterling will not be moving anywhere this summer. Steven Gerrard and Glen Johnson are set to leave this summer. Philippe Coutinho would provide an alternative should Sterling depart.
England's failure to win the first Test and Alastair Cook's failure in both innings leaves the captain in the spotlight. But Peter Moores remains steadfast in his backing for Cook. England have decided to keep Adil Rashid with them at least for the next week even though Yorkshire wanted him to return to them.
Arsenal have won 15 out of 17 games since New Year's Day. The Gunners are favourites to win the FA Cup this season. But it's come too late for Arsene Wenger's side. Arsenal's only two defeats in this run were at Tottenham and at home to Monaco in the Champions League.
Celtic lost 3-2 to Inverness in the Scottish Cup semi-final on Sunday. The Bhoys were denied a penalty for a clear handball by Josh Meekings. The Scottish FA have confirmed they have received Celtic's letter. CLICK HERE for all the latest Celtic news.
Inverness beat Celtic 3-2 in the Scottish Cup semi-final on Sunday. Gary Warren will miss the final after picking up his second booking. The central defender feels the rule to have players suspended for amassing just two yellows is 'ridiculous'
England and West Indies drew the first Test in Antigua. Captain Alastair Cook said the players left everything on the pitch. The tourists were denied victory by a stubbornly unresponsive wicket.
Michael Carrick won his 33rd cap for England against Italy on Tuesday. Wayne Rooney said he was the best player on the pitch by a mile. Sir Alex Ferguson signed Carrick for £18million in 2006. The midfielder has been consistently overlooked by England.
Aston Villa beat Liverpool 2-1 at Wembley in the Capital One Cup final. Jack Grealish had a hand in both goals for Tim Sherwood's side. The 19-year-old made his first Premier League start against QPR a fortnight ago.
Aston Villa beat Liverpool 2-1 in their FA Cup semi-final clash. Fabian Delph scored the winning goal for Tim Sherwood's side. The former Leeds midfielder says it will be a dream come true.
Liverpool face Aston Villa in the FA Cup semi-final on Sunday. Brendan Rodgers has reminded Raheem Sterling and Jordon Ibe about their professional responsibilities. Sterling was pictured inhaling legal high nitrous oxide on Monday.
James Anderson claimed his 384th Test wicket to break Sir Ian Botham's record. Anderson had Denesh Ramdin caught behind for maiden Test century. West Indies finished day five of first Test against England on 67-3.
Barcelona beat Paris Saint-Germain 3-1 at the Parc des Princes on Tuesday. Luis Suarez scored a brilliant second-half double to put Barca in control. Neymar opened the scoring for the La Liga leaders. David Luiz had a torrid time after replacing injured Thiago Silva.
Liverpool lost 2-1 to Aston Villa in the FA Cup semi-final on Sunday. Brendan Rodgers was left frustrated by the assistant referee's decision. Mario Balotelli had the ball in the net but was incorrectly flagged for offside.
England are currently second in UEFA's country coefficient rankings. But with no English clubs in Europe's elite competitions, England could slip to a lowly fourth by the end of next season. Germany will begin next season with a higher ranking than England. If Juventus, Napoli and Fiorentina win all their remaining games possible, Italy will go into next season within 0.1 points of England.
Diego Costa injured his hamstring in the win over Stoke City on April 4. The striker was expected to be out for a month but his recovery has been quicker than expected. Chelsea host Manchester United at Stamford Bridge on Saturday night.
Chelsea host Manchester United in a top of the table clash on Saturday. The Blues have a seven-point lead at the top of the Premier League. United have won four of their last five games in which Angel di Maria has not started. Sportsmail looks at 10 key questions ahead of the clash at Stamford Bridge.
Chelsea host Manchester United in a top of the table clash on Saturday. Louis van Gaal is without a number of key players through injury. But Jose Mourinho believes United's squad is 'amazing' Chelsea currently lead the Premier League by seven points.
Jurgen Klopp will leave Borussia Dortmund at the end of the season. The 47-year-old German will seek a new challenge with a move to the Premier League likely. Dortmund chief executive Hans-Joachim Watzke said: 'It has been difficult for us because we have a very special relationship with each other' Watzke added: 'We had talks with Jurgen in the last days and came to the mutual decision that the way will end at the end of the season' The news will have Arsenal and Manchester City on alert.
West Ham signed Aaron Cresswell from Ipswich for £2million last summer. The 25-year-old has impressed during his first season in the Premier League. Manchester City and Chelsea are set to battle it out for his signature. City are desperate to add to their quota of English players.
Manchester United face Chelsea at Stamford Bridge on Saturday. Louis van Gaal has revealed that Daley Blind and Phil Jones are out. Michael Carrick, Marcos Rojo and Jonny Evans are also missing. Van Gaal has hinted that Wayne Rooney may play in holding midfield. Luke Shaw and Radamel Falcao could both be recalled to the team.
Nico Rosberg finished second in China behind Lewis Hamilton. The German accused his Mercedes team-mate of slowing down. Rosberg said he could have prevented Sebastian Vettel overtaking him.
Louis van Gaal is finally getting the best out of Juan Mata. In his last five games, the Spaniard has performed better than he ever has in the Premier League. Mata missed the football he had played earlier in his career at Valencia and under Andre Villas-Boas at Chelsea. He is not surprised by the turnaround in his own, and the team's, fortunes. He began the season believing United could win the league this year with no European commitments.
Joel Ward has signed a new three-and-a-half year deal with Crystal Palace. The right back has made 35 appearances in all competitions this season. Ward has played every minute of Palace's Premier League campaign. The 25-year-old cites Alan Pardew as a major factor in his decision.
Paris Saint-Germain host Barcelona in the Champions League quarter-final. Zlatan Ibrahimovic and Marco Veratti are suspended for the first leg. Edinson Cavani must torment the stars from Catalonia for PSG.
Lewis Hamilton claimed his second win of the Formula One season. Mercedes team-mate Nico Rosberg finished second in Shanghai. Rosberg accused Hamilton of 'compromising' his race strategy. Hamilton denied he had done anything wrong following the race.
Cesc Fabregas scored in the 88th minute to give Chelsea victory at Loftus Road. The former Arsenal midfielder arrived late on to convert Eden Hazard's pass. Chelsea stay seven points clear at the top of the Premier League.
Niki Lauda expects Nico Rosberg to turn 'nasty' at some stage. The German accused Lewis Hamilton of being 'egocentric b*******' Hamilton won the Chinese Grand Prix for the fourth time in his career.
Daniil Kvyat and Max Verstappen forced out of the Chinese Grand Prix. Red Bull owner Dietrich Mateschitz has threatened to pull out of F1. Cyril Abiteboul vows there will be 'no surrender' to right Renault's wrongs.
Manchester City players are on incentivised contracts to stay within financial fairplay rules. Sergio Aguero, David Silva, Joe Hart and Yaya Toure could miss out on a big payday if City fail to reach the group stages of Europe's top competition. City are in fourth place and will be just four points ahead of main rivals Liverpool after defeat in the Manchester derby.
Cesc Fabregas broke his nose during Chelsea's win over Stoke City. The Spaniard scored the winning goal in Chelsea's 1-0 victory over QPR. Fabregas wore a protective mask during Sunday's game at Loftus Road. The mask was made by the Ortholabsport, an orthopedic centre in Milan. Fabregas travelled to Milan on Tuesday with Chelsea medical director Paco Biosca to have the mask fitted.
Sir Alex Ferguson tried to sign Vincent Kompany as a 17-year-old. But the Manchester City captain's mum insisted he finish school first. Kompany went on to win two Premier League titles at the Etihad Stadium.
Australian Prime Minister Tony Abbott has offered Benaud's family a state funeral. Benaud was the voice of cricket for generations, commentating in his native Australia and for the BBC. He was the first cricketer to score 2,000 runs and take 200 wickets in Tests.
Richie Benaud has died at the age of 84 after a battle with skin cancer. Benaud was one of cricket's great personalities and will be remembered for his dry wit and knowledge. He won 63 Test caps between 1952 and 1964 and took 248 wickets.
Manchester United beat Manchester City 1-0 in the'mini derby' 13 out of 22 players on show were English. Altrincham's 6,000-capacity home may not be Old Trafford, but it does have a proud history of its own.
Jacques Burger was cited for striking Racing Metro scrum-half Maxime Machenaud during last weekend's Champions Cup quarter-final victory in Paris. Namibia flanker received a one-week ban after he appeared at a Champions Cup disciplinary hearing on Thursday. Burger will miss Saracens' Aviva Premiership clash with Leicester at Allianz Park on Saturday.
Richie Benaud has died aged 84 after battle with skin cancer. Benaud played 64 Tests for Australia, taking 248 wickets and scoring 2,201 runs. He was the first cricketer to score 2,000 Test runs and take 200 wickets. Benaud captained his country to world dominance in the 1950s. He was one of the leading figures of Kerry Packer's World Series revolution.
Richie Benaud has passed away at the age of 84 after a short battle with skin cancer. Benaud was renowned as one of cricket's great broadcasters. Sportsmail recalls 10 of his finest moments from his career.
Elliot Daly has been named Aviva Premiership's player of the month for March. The 22-year-old scored two tries for Wasps in the Aviva Premiership. Daly looks set to be called into England's World Cup training squad.
Lancashire have signed Australia's James Faulkner for the bulk of the summer. Faulkner will replace Peter Siddle, who will play for Lancashire in the LV= County Championship before joining the Australia squad. Faulkner was named man of the match as Australia won the World Cup.
Michael Vaughan spoke to the ECB about the newly created role of director of England cricket on Thursday. The former England captain emerged as the No 1 choice. Andrew Strauss and Alec Stewart are also in the frame for the role.
Toby Alderweireld is on loan at Southampton from Atletico Madrid. The Belgian defender has attracted interest from Manchester City and Tottenham. Alderweireld says he is happy at St Mary's and is focused on European qualification.
Owen Farrell hopes to be fit for Saracens' Champions Cup semi-final clash against Clermont Auvergne on April 18. Farrell has been sidelined since suffering a knee ligament injury against Clermont in the Champions Cup in January. Farrell missed the entire RBS 6 Nations campaign as a result.
Kevin Pietersen has been named in Surrey's 13-man squad. Surrey play Oxford University in a three-day warm-up on Sunday. Pietersen has not played first-class cricket since being axed by England.
Richie Benaud has died at the age of 84 after a long battle with skin cancer. Benaud was the first cricketer to score 2,000 runs and take 200 wickets in Tests. He captained Australia in 68 Tests and never lost a series. Former teammate Shane Warne paid tribute to Benaud on Instagram. Benaud took a break from commentary in 2013 after being involved in a car accident and just over a year later his comeback was put on ice.
Harry Kane has become the Premier League's youngest captain this season. At just 21 years and 251 days, the Tottenham striker led out his side for the first time during their dour goalless draw against Burnley on Easter Sunday. That came after he scored within seconds of his England debut against Lithuania on March 27 and made a first international start in Italy on Tuesday.
The Champions League and Europa League draws have dominated headlines. Six of the last eight teams remaining in both competitions are Italian. Juventus' semi-final with Real Madrid has been likened to a pair of films. Spain are looking towards an all-Spanish final between Barcelona and Real Madrid.
Turkish Airlines flight from Milan to Istanbul made an emergency landing. Airbus A320 aircraft's passengers were evacuated safely. Television images showed firefighters putting out the fire. Plane slid off the runway after its declaration of emergency landing.
Ross Barkley has been repeatedly linked with a move to Man City. Gareth Barry spent four seasons at the Etihad before leaving for Everton. Barry believes it is too early for Barkley to decide on his future.
The blue-eyed Australian doctor who features in the latest ISIS propaganda video has been identified as Tareq Kamleh. In the video, Kamleh calls himself 'Abu Yusuf' and introduces the launch of the Islamic State Health Service. People from Kamleh's past have started to recognise him. It was revealed he completed his medical degree at Adelaide University. He worked as a paediatric registrar at the Adelaide Women's and Children's Hospital until 2013. Kamleh then moved to north Queensland where he worked at Mackay Base Hospital until late 2014.
Tito Vilanova died aged 45 on April 25 last year after a long battle against parotid gland cancer. Vilanova was Pep Guardiola's assistant during a golden spell for the club when they won three La Liga titles and two Champions League trophies from 2008-12. People from the sporting world and many others attended a memorial service at Barcelona cathedral to pay tribute.
Xherdan Shaqiri joined Inter Milan from Bayern Munich in January. The Swiss international has fallen out of favour at the San Siro. Roberto Mancini insists Shaqiri will not be leaving the club this summer.
Newcastle United lost 1-0 to Sunderland in the Tyne-Wear derby. Jermain Defoe scored a stunning volley to secure all three points. John Carver's side have now lost all five of the North-East derbies.
Ronnie O'Sullivan has admitted he would love to be Top Gear presenter. The five-time world snooker champion has an affection for cars. O'Sullivan has appeared as a guest on the BBC show in the past.
Manchester United currently sit third in the Premier League table. The Red Devils are 11 points behind leaders Chelsea. Ashley Young believes the club will be challenging for the title next season.
David Cameron claimed to be a West Ham fan despite supporting Aston Villa. The Tory leader has since apologised, blaming a bout of 'brain fade' In 2008, Cameron told GMTV he was an Aston Villa fan. 'I'm a Villa fan... I must have been overcome by something... this morning,' he said.
Diego Costa has not featured for Chelsea since April 4. The striker is not likely to even be named on the bench at the Emirates. Loic Remy is also out of the match leaving Didier Drogba as Chelsea's only fit senior striker.
Adam Johnson, 27, faces lengthy jail term if he is convicted of offences. £10million winger was arrested seven weeks ago and learnt fate yesterday. Accused of three offences of sexual activity with a child under 16 and one of grooming. £50,000-a-week player due to appear before Peterlee magistrates on May 20.
Maria Sharapova has won the Stuttgart tournament for the last three years. Ana Ivanovic, Caroline Wozniacki, Sabine Lisicki and Angelique Kerber attended the opening ceremony on Monday. World No 1 Serena Williams was the highest profile absentee.
Smita Srivastava currently holds the record for having the longest hair in India. Her hair is more than three inches longer than the height of the average basketball player. Ms Srivastava has had a passion for growing her hair since she was a child.
A 12-year-old schoolboy fell down an eight-foot drain in Peterborough. His leg was trapped for more than half an hour down the hole. Firefighters worked with police and ambulance staff to free the boy. It is believed the rubber drain cover had been kicked out of position.
The 12th annual Match Against Poverty took place at the Geoffroy-Guichard Stadium in Saint-Etienne on Monday night. Former Real Madrid and Brazil ace Ronaldo scored a hat trick. Pierre-Emerick Aubameyang stole the show with a hat-trick.
Jack Grealish has played for the Republic of Ireland's youth teams. The 19-year-old put in a dazzling display as Aston Villa beat Liverpool. Grealish has taken time out from international duty seven months ago. The youngster has met Ireland manager Martin O'Neill and held a friendly chat with Roy Keane after winning the country’s Under-21 player of the year award.
Ann Price was the owner of Ann's Snack Bar in Atlanta. Her 'Ghetto Burger' is a double cheeseburger with bacon, grilled onions, ketchup, mustard and chili.
Eugenie Bouchard refused to shake hands with Alexandra Dulgheru before Fed Cup match at the weekend. The Canadian lost both her singles matches to world No 69 Dulgheru and ranked 104th. The 21-year-old broke into the world's top 10 after a superb 2014.
Eden Hazard is poised to win PFA Player of the Year. But Gary Neville says Hazard must become a killer or bully to defenders. Cristiano Ronaldo and Lionel Messi are 'in outer space' by comparison, according to the former Manchester United right-back. Hazard is preparing to face Arsenal at the Emirates Stadium on Sunday.
Liverpool have agreed a new three-year kit sponsorship deal with Standard Chartered Bank. The agreement will now run through to the end of the 2018-19 season. Standard Chartered signed up as the Reds' main sponsor in July 2010.
Chelsea drew 0-0 with Arsenal at the Emirates Stadium. Jose Mourinho's side now have a two-point lead at the top of the table. John Terry and Gary Cahill were the standout performers.
West Ham will move to the Olympic Stadium for the 2016-17 season. Co-chairmen David Gold and David Sullivan will use the boost of the enhanced television revenue to pass on savings to fans. The lowest priced basic adult season ticket will cost £289, the price for under 16s will be cut to just £99, and a family of four will be able to watch all 19 home games for £776. Disabled season-ticket holders will also see a huge reduction, with prices dropping by up to £205.
Lewis Hamilton secured his third grand prix win of the season in Bahrain. His younger brother Nicolas suffers from cerebral palsy. He is preparing to become the first disabled competitor to compete in the British Touring Car Championship, for Audi.
Floyd Mayweather and Manny Pacquiao are less than two weeks away from facing each other in the richest fight in history. Pacquiao was joined in Los Angeles by his wife Jinkee and their five children - Princess, Emmanuel Jnr, Israel, Queen Elizabeth and Michael. Mayweather, meanwhile, has been dating Doralie Medina since last year.
Jack Grealish played Gaelic football between the ages of 10 and 14. The 19-year-old was clobbered by two fouls against Liverpool in Sunday’s FA Cup semi-final win. As a 15-year-old he watched a Sky Sports special dedicated to George Best and saw the Manchester United great dribble through a forest of tackles to score. Best wore his socks round his ankles in defiance, and Grealish decided to do the same.
Manchester United players met sick supporters at their training ground. Wayne Rooney, David de Gea and Ashley Young were in attendance. Louis van Gaal and his players also signed memorabilia for the visitors. The Manchester United Foundation 'works in some of the most disadvantaged areas across Greater Manchester'
Ronnie O'Sullivan was spoken to by referee Olivier Marteel in his second round match against Matthew Stevens. Marteel approached O'Sullivan as he walked to the table when Stevens missed a red, telling O'Sullivan he had noticed his hand gesture, thought to have been self-directed. O'Sullivan avoided a fine in the first round when he briefly played without shoes.
Soldiers of the Caliphate in Yemen have 'declared a caliphate' in the country. Video shows masked men carrying AK-47s and a grenade launcher. They can be seen carrying out military training in the desert near capital Sanaa. Last month, ISIS-related group claimed responsibility for two mosques attack. Yemen is currently on the brink of civil war with several sides battling each other.
Abby Bishop's life completely changed when she took in her two-day-old niece Zala in August 2013. Now Zala is 20 months old and she follows Bishop as she travels the world playing for professional teams. Bishop will go with her to the U.S. this May when she starts playing for the Seattle Storm in the WNBA.
Javier Hernandez scored twice as Real Madrid beat Celta Vigo 4-2. The on-loan Manchester United striker has now scored six goals in eight games. Carlo Ancelotti says Hernandez is 'non-negotiable' in his team.
Juventus fell to a shock 2-1 defeat at local rivals Torino on Sunday. Andrea Pirlo scored a stunning free-kick to put his side in front. However, Matteo Darmian equalised before Fabio Quagliarella completed the shock comeback around the hour mark. Juve remain 14 points clear at the top of the Serie A table.
Former heavyweight boxing champion David Haye was stopped at Dubai airport. He was questioned over a £341,000 bounced cheque, it has been reported. The cheque was intended as a final payment on a newly-built property. Haye has said the 'bounced' cheque was down to an administrative error. He has been unable to leave the United Arab Emirates and handed over his passport. Had been due to attend a mixed martial arts event in Birmingham on Saturday. Instead he went to a Robbie Williams concert in Abu Dhabi.
Six Chelsea players have been named in the PFA Premier League Team of the Year for the 2014-15 season. John Terry, Branislav Ivanovic, Gary Cahill, Ryan Bertrand and Nemanja Matic make up Chelsea's back four. David de Gea, Alexis Sanchez, Philippe Coutinho and Eden Hazard complete the midfield line-up. Tottenham's Harry Kane and Chelsea's Diego Costa complete the front three.
Daley Blind was given an impressive portrait by his parents. The Manchester United star posted a picture of the painting on Instagram. Louis van Gaal's side take on Everton at Goodison Park on Sunday.
Arsenal drew 0-0 with Chelsea in the Premier League on Sunday. Cesc Fabregas was jeered by sections of the home fans at the Emirates. But when he was substituted in the dying moments he was given an ovation. The development of Hector Bellerin, Francis Coquelin and Nacho Monreal has made Arsenal a more solid defensive unit this season.
England's national saint's day falls on April 23 this year. Harry Kane, Rio Ferdinand and Gary Cahill among footballers to post messages of celebration. Nathaniel Clyne, Charlie Austin and Peter Crouch also wished their followers happy St George's Day.
Ronnie O'Sullivan leads Craig Steadman 7-2 going into the second round. The 39-year-old borrowed a pair of shoes from a Crucible spectator. O'Sullivan claimed he was in discomfort due to an ankle injury.
Everton beat Manchester United 3-0 in their Premier League clash. Goals from James McCarthy, John Stones and Kevin Mirallas condemned United to their third successive Premier League loss at Goodison Park. After the match, United boss Louis van Gaal accused his players of lacking desire. Gary Neville has slammed United's performance as 'toothless'
The environmental scientist turned model has designed a range of eco-friendly swimwear. The collection is inspired by the ocean, with coral reef scenes featuring throughout. The swimsuits cater for every shape, with sizes ranging from 10 through to 24.
Manchester United lost 3-0 to Everton at Goodison Park on Sunday. Louis van Gaal said his players lacked motivation after the game. Everton boss Roberto Martinez said his side were better in every department.
Floyd Mayweather takes on Manny Pacquiao at the MGM Grand in Las Vegas. The mega-fight will be available to watch in the US and UK from Saturday. Twitter's Periscope app allows users to broadcast live video online. But the app has copyright pitfalls and broadcasters could miss out.
Chelsea drew 0-0 with Arsenal at the Emirates Stadium on Sunday. Jose Mourinho branded Arsenal's 11-year wait for the title as'very boring' The Blues boss also praised John Terry's 'fantastic' performance. Chelsea are 10 points clear at the top of the Premier League table.
Franck Ribery, Mehdi Benatia, David Alaba and Arjen Robben were forced to watch on from the sidelines. Pep Guardiola's side raced into a 5-0 lead at half-time before claiming a 6-1 victory to win the tie 7-4 on aggregate. Robben was unavailable for the encounter with an abdominal injury.
Real Madrid beat Atletico Madrid 1-0 at the Bernabeu on Wednesday. Cristiano Ronaldo scored the only goal of the game in the 88th minute. After completing his warm-up routine, Ronaldo gestured for a fan to receive his training shirt as a consolation for being struck by his shot.
Jorge 'El Topo' Lopez was killed in a suspicious road accident while in Sao Paulo in July. Pep Guardiola was sporting the top - which read '#JusticiaParaTopo' - during his pre-match press conference before Bayern Munich emphatically dumped Porto out of the Champions League. UEFA say Guardiola has been disciplined because of an ‘incident of a non-sporting nature’ Lopez was killed when a taxi he was travelling back to his hotel in was hit by a stolen car.
Wayne Rooney was substituted in the closing stages of the game. Louis van Gaal confirmed after the game that Rooney had injured his knee. But the Manchester United boss said it was too early to assess the extent of the injury.
Harry Kane lands PFA Young Player of the Year award on Sunday. Tottenham striker has scored 20 Premier League goals this season. 21-year-old also shortlisted for PFA Player of the Year award. Kane: 'It is amazing. It is a very proud moment for myself and my family'
England rugby and football stars take part in crossbar challenge. Alex Oxlade-Chamberlain and Gary Cahill pitted themselves against Jack Nowell and George Ford at England Rugby's training centre in Bagshot. Nowell did hit the crossbar with a nonchalant kick during practice. Ford came closest with an effort that skimmed the bar. Cahill's request to dedicate his kick to St George's Day was agreed to by Oxlade-Chamberlain.
Oscar was clattered into by Arsenal goalkeeper David Ospina in the 16th minute. The Brazilian was sent to hospital at half time for checks. Didier Drogba replaced Oscar at the break.
Chris Hala'ufia was shown a red card for a shoulder charge on Laurence Pearce. The Tongan number eight then shoved his head into the turf. Hala'ufia has been warned in the past for his ill-discipline. Leicester Tigers beat London Welsh 38-17 in the Aviva Premiership.
The WBC emerald winner’s belt was unveiled in Mexico City on Tuesday. Floyd Mayweather and Manny Pacquiao will fight on May 2 in Las Vegas. The $1million emerald green belt was voted for by fans worldwide.
Arsenal Fan TV favourite Claude Callegari has called for the Cesc Fabregas flag to be taken down from the Ken Friar Bridge at the Emirates Stadium. The Chelsea midfielder left Arsenal for Barcelona in 2011. The 27-year-old is set to start against his former club on Sunday.
Ian Poulter has used acupuncture to aid his recovery in the past. The 39-year-old posted a picture of himself with eight needles in his neck. The English golfer finished tied sixth at the US Masters. NBA star Amar'e Stoudemire has been taking a red wine bath to aid recovery.
Angelique Kerber beat Caroline Wozniacki 3-6, 6-1, 7-5 in the final. The victory was Kerber's second title of the season after Charleston. Kerber beat Maria Sharapova and Ekaterina Makarova in previous rounds.
Australian jockey Blake Shinn suffered an unfortunate wardrobe malfunction while racing on Thursday. Shinn's elastic in his pants gave way as he attempted to ride Miss Royale to victory. The 27-year-old was forced to ride more than 200 metres to the finish line with his pants down.
A group of Chelsea fans dressed up in masks to carry out a prank on Arsenal's Emirates Stadium. The pranksters set off blue smoke bombs before displaying large blue and white letters in front of a concrete Arsenal sign. Their hard work lasted just 10 minutes before being taken down by Emirates Stadium staff.
Bayern Munich beat Porto 6-1 at the Allianz Arena on Tuesday night. Pep Guardiola ripped a hole in his trousers during the Champions League clash. Bayern led their opponents 5-0 at half-time and 6-1 on the night.
The man, known only as Jason, uploaded the clip to YouTube. It begins with him explaining exactly how he will pop the grape-sized cyst. His sister-in-law inserts the needle into the cyst and holds it in place. She then begins the horrifying process of hammering the needle deeper into the growth. Sharp cries of pain are heard from Jason with each hit. Unsurprisingly, medical professionals do not advise using Jason's method to treat lumps found on the body.
Tiger Woods has played just three tournaments so far this year. The former world No 1 was given a lesson by 7ft 6in former NBA star Yao Ming. Woods will return to the PGA Tour at the Players Championship on May 7.
Chelsea beat Manchester United 1-0 at Stamford Bridge on Saturday night. Didier Drogba hosted a charity ball at London's swanky Dorchester Hotel. The Ivorian striker's Foundation has provided financial support across health and education in Africa since it was founded in 2007.
George Groves will fight Badou Jack for the WBC world super-middleweight title. Jack defeated Anthony Dirrell on points on Friday night in Chicago. Groves took to Instagram to reveal his £100 9/1 winning bet.
Current situation in Algeria's Championnat National de Premiere Division. ES Setif and bottom-placed NA Hussein Dey are separated by 11 points. Top two teams qualify for next year's CAF Champions League.
Daniel Sturridge missed Liverpool's 0-0 draw with West Brom on Saturday. The striker has suffered from a series of calf and thigh injuries. Brendan Rodgers has vowed to do 'what is best' for Sturridge. Liverpool travel to Hull City in the Premier League on Tuesday night.
David Beckham's son Romeo completed the London mini-marathon on Sunday. The 12-year-old raised £6,000 for charity after the three-mile race. The Beckham family were all wearing 'Team Romeo' t-shirts at the finish.
Liverpool lost 1-0 to Aston Villa in the Capital One Cup final on Sunday. Steven Gerrard's time at Liverpool will now end in anti-climax. Brendan Rodgers must take the blame for the defeat.
Jose Mourinho watched Fulham Under 21s lose 3-0 to Porto on Wednesday. The Chelsea boss was at Motspur Park to see the Premier League International Cup semi-final clash. Joined by his son Jose Junior, who is on student terms with the Cottagers.
PSG striker Edinson Cavani visited a llama sanctuary after Barcelona defeat. The Uruguayan has struggled in the shadow of Zlatan Ibrahimovic. The 28-year-old has registered 18 goals for the Ligue 1 side this season.
Liverpool drew 0-0 with West Brom in the Premier League on Saturday. Brendan Rodgers is hoping Memphis Depay will choose Liverpool. PSV Eindhoven are looking for £25million for the Holland international.
Floyd Mayweather will fight Manny Pacquiao at the MGM in Las Vegas on May 2. The undefeated boxer has been cooking for him since the fight was announced. Chef Q, also known as Quiana Jeffries, cooked a feast for Adrien Broner. Broner labelled Mayweather as his 'big bro' on Instagram.
Chelsea drew 0-0 with Arsenal in the London derby at the Emirates on Sunday. Jose Mourinho's side are two points clear at the top of the Premier League. John Terry has warned Arsene Wenger that Chelsea will not win the title playing 'tippy-tappy football'
St Mirren's Steven Thompson speared John McGinn with a pole. McGinn will miss the rest of the season after being stabbed in the leg. Thompson scored two goals in Saints 4-1 win over Kilmarnock on Saturday.
Paula Radcliffe ran her final competitive marathon on Sunday. The 41-year-old did not run with the elite women's field. Instead she took off with the 37,000-strong mass field. She finished in 2:36.55, well inside the IAAF qualifying standard for the Rio Olympics next summer.
Jurgen Klopp will leave Borussia Dortmund in the summer. Pep Guardiola has a contract until the summer of 2016 at the Allianz Arena. Franz Beckenbauer believes Klopp would be perfect fit for Bayern.
Everton defeated Manchester United 3-0 in their Premier League clash at Goodison Park. James McCarthy opened the scoring for Roberto Martinez's side in the fifth minute. John Stones doubled the Toffees' lead just before half time, heading home from a corner. Kevin Mirallas made it 3-0 in the 74th minute, slotting home after David de Gea had saved from Romelu Lukaku. Marouane Fellaini was forced off at half-time after picking up a second yellow card.
Bayern Munich beat Porto 6-1 to reach the Champions League semi-finals. Thomas Muller became the leading German scorer in the competition. Muller scored his 27th goal in the Champions League. The 25-year-old climbed the fence with a megaphone to lead the celebrations.
Floyd Mayweather fights Manny Pacquiao at the MGM Grand on Saturday. The hotel expects 10 times as many fans as when Ricky Hatton fought. The MGM expects 50,000 people each day for Friday's weigh-in and Saturday's main event itself.
Liverpool fans are unhappy at being charged £50 to go to Hull City. Last season, the same seats were sold for £35 at The KC Stadium. The Spirit of Shankly fans' website has called for a protest on Tuesday.
James Haskell shows off his inner Iron Man in Instagram post. The England flanker dressed as Robert Downey Jr.'s character. Avengers: Age of Ultron movie premiered at Westfield London on Tuesday.
Andy Carroll is currently recovering from a serious knee injury. The West Ham striker posted a picture on Instagram posing on a throne. The caption said: 'King Of Thrones!!' Carroll will not have a break over the summer.
Floyd Mayweather and Manny Pacquiao will fight on May 2 at the MGM Grand. Mayweather visited Mariah Carey at his gym on Jimmy Kimmel Live. Carey has long been a fan of Mayweather having watched him beat Shane Mosley in 2010.
Sergio Aguero and Marco Reus went head-to-head to showcase new Puma boot. The Puma evoSpeed 1.3 Graphic took inspiration from the Japanese dragon. Aguero scored to put himself 3-2 up against the German.
Rory McIlroy was a guest at a junior event in Graniteville, South Carolina. He met American Brad Dalke and the pair agreed to arm wrestle. Dalke will join Oklahoma University in the autumn after graduating a year early from high school.
Real Madrid defeated Celta Vigo 4-2 in La Liga on Sunday night. Nolito opened the scoring for the home side after just nine minutes. Toni Kroos equalised for Carlo Ancelotti's side on the quarter-hour. Javier Hernandez put Real ahead for the first time on the hour mark. James Rodriguez added a third for the visitors late on.
John Terry has made an appearance in all 33 Premier League games for Chelsea so far this season. The 34-year-old made just 14 appearances under Rafa Benitez in the 2012-13 campaign. If Terry features in remaining fixtures against Leicester, Crystal Palace, Liverpool, West Brom and Sunderland, he will beat the 37 appearances he made during Chelsea's title-winning season in 2009-10.
Wladimir Klitschko beat Bryant Jennings on points at Madison Square Garden. Klitschko has confirmed that Tyson Fury will be his next opponent. The Ukrainian is willing to fight in England to defend his three belts.
Chelsea were held to a goalless draw by Arsenal at the Emirates. Jose Mourinho's side are one point clear at the top of the Premier League. John Terry, Paulo Ferreira, William Gallas and Ricardo Carvalho formed Chelsea's record-breaking defence in their first season in England. Manchester United's 1998-99 Treble-winning defence is overlooked by Rio Ferdinand, Patrice Evra and Nemanja Vidic.
Kei Nishikori beat Pablo Andujar 6-4 6-4 in the Barcelona Open final. It is the second year in a row the Japanese has won the tournament. Pop star Shakira and husband Gerard Pique attended the final.
Thierry Henry was speaking as a pundit on Sky Sports after Arsenal's 0-0 draw with Chelsea. The Sky Sports pundit questioned whether Arsenal can win the title with Olivier Giroud in attack. Arsenal need a goalkeeper, centre back, defensive midfielder and striker, according to Henry.
Mick Schumacher makes his Formula 4 debut this weekend in Germany. The 16-year-old is part of the Dutch Van Amersfoort Racing team. Schumacher Junior finished second in the world, European and German kart championships last season.
Bafetimbi Gomis injured his hamstring during Swansea's 1-1 draw with Everton. The Frenchman has returned to France to continue his rehabilitation. Gomis hopes to return for Swansea's visit to Arsenal on May 11.
Real Madrid XI: Navas, Carvajal, Pepe, Marcelo, Kroos, Silva, Arbeloa, Nacho, Jese, Benzema. Celta Vigo XI: Navas, Orellana, Musacchio, Albacar, Santi Mina, Javi Marquez, Orellana, Cabral, Hernandez, Santi Mina. Real Madrid loanee Javier Hernandez opened the scoring. Nolito opened the scoring before Real took the lead thanks to goals by Toni Kroos and Javier Hernandez. James Rodriguez scored an extremely fortunate goal to make it 2-2. Real Madrid XI: Navas,
Manny Pacquiao fights Floyd Mayweather on May 2 in Las Vegas. Sales of Pacquiao items have soared as much as 10 times ahead of the fight. Philippine retailers are struggling to cope with demand from fans.
Chelsea have six players named in the PFA Premier League Team of the Year. David de Gea is the only representative from Manchester United. Manchester City have had just 11 players named since the Premier League began. Steven Gerrard has eight players to his name, but missed out on a ninth.
The USA women's team have unveiled their new kits for the World Cup. There has been some controversy over the decision to go with a black and white colour scheme rather than the traditional red, white and blue. Striker Alex Morgan hailed Nike's design as innovative.
PFA Premier League Team of the Year was announced on Sunday. Six Chelsea players made the side, with Eden Hazard winning the individual prize. But did the EA Sports team get it right? Sergio Aguero replaces Diego Costa up front.
Ivan Rakitic shared a picture with his wife Raquel Mauri on Instagram. The Barcelona midfielder described his wife and daughter as his 'princesses' Rakitic played the full 90 minutes in Barcelona's Champions League win.
Louis van Gaal was handed dossier of potential Manchester United targets. The Manchester Foundation Dream Day was held at the Aon Training Complex. The supporter, Moshin Tanveer, suffers from Duchenne Muscular Dystrophy. Mats Hummels, Gareth Bale, Paul Pogba, Nathaniel Clyne, Memphis Depay and Jackson Martinez were on the list.
Chelsea boss Jose Mourinho started with Eden Hazard, Willian and Oscar. Oscar was substituted at half-time having collided with Arsenal keeper David Ospina. Didier Drogba was available to Mourinho and he only used the Ivorian when Oscar went off injured.
New research by the Mail on Sunday has shown just how much the oil-rich Middle East state spent on deals in the run-up to the 2010 vote. Qatar won the final round of voting 14-8 against the USA in the executive committee ballot.
Weekend essentials include a pair of sunglasses, a handbag and a pair of heels. Nothing says 'I'm in charge of my own life' like a pair of sunglasses.
Manny Pacquiao will take on Floyd Mayweather in Las Vegas on May 2. The Filipino appeared in an advert for Foot Locker back in November. Pacquiao stole the show by joking about facing Mayweather before the contract was signed.
Edinson Cavani has been linked with a move away from Paris Saint-Germain. Manchester United have struggled to find a striker of his calibre. Radamel Falcao's loan spell at Old Trafford has put Cavani off. The Uruguayan hasn't scored as many goals as he should have.
President Barack Obama welcomed the New England Patriots to the White House on Thursday to celebrate their Super Bowl XLIX win. But there was one notable absence with quarterback Tom Brady nowhere to be seen. A spokesman for the Patriots said 'prior family commitments' was the reason why Brady didn't attend the visit.
Video shows the Apple Watch Sport being dropped from a height of four feet. It survived unscathed despite a nasty ‘crack’ noise when the watch hit the pavement. But when the watch was dropped so the display hit the floor first, the screen shattered with beads of glass seen on the ground. Damage to the screen, such as chips, scratches or indeed shattering, is not covered by the watch's warranty and is expensive to fix. Some early adopters of the Apple Watch have complained its stainless steel case scratches easily, much like the back of an iPod.
Adam Federici's error led to Reading losing 2-1 to Arsenal in the FA Cup. The goalkeeper had already booked his wedding for the weekend of the final. Federici is due to marry long-term girlfriend Micaela Gardner in Italy.
Philippe Coutinho fired Liverpool ahead with a smart chip. Chrisitan Benteke equalised for Aston Villa with a long range strike. Fabian Delph fired Tim Sherwood's side into the lead with a solo effort.
Barcelona beat PSG 2-0 in the Champions League on Tuesday night. Xavi came on as a half-time substitute for his 148th appearance in the competition. The midfielder also set a record for appearances in the knockout stages. Iker Casillas is in line to equal Xavi's total if he features against Atletico Madrid on Wednesday night.
Chelsea's back seven has been remarkably settled all season. Mario Balotelli failed to impress during Liverpool's 0-0 draw with West Brom. Mauricio Pochettino must have been delighted with Tottenham's 2-2 draw with Southampton.
Watford beat Brighton 2-0 away at the Amex Stadium on Saturday. The Hornets needed Middlesbrough to lose and Norwich to lose or draw. But both sides dropped points in the final five minutes of the game. Fulham beat Middlesbrough 4-3 in stoppage time to secure promotion. Players and staff celebrate wildly on the team-bus home. Defender Tommie Hoban labels it an 'unbelievable achievement'
EA Sports Rory McIlroy PGA Tour is due out on July 16. McIlroy replaced Tiger Woods as the cover star for EA Sports PGA Tour games this year. The latest version of the long-running game series features various gameplay styles as well as enhanced ball physics.
Steel gate at Border Field State Park in California was temporarily opened on Sunday in honor of Children's Day. Four families - some from as far away as Florida - were given chance to hug, kiss and share tears of joy. Many of the families were separated when relatives were deported to Mexico after living in U.S. without documentation. Gate had only been opened to those affected once before, in 2013.
Jason Denayer is on a year-long loan at Celtic from Manchester City. The Belgian defender has been in impressive form for the Hoops. City want Denayer to spend next season on loan in the Championship.
F1 world champion was spotted on the Rome set for the comedy sequel. Looked like Ben Stiller's male model was taking part in a catwalk show. Hamilton sat front row with Olivia Munn and busily chatted in between takes.
Bridesmaids star expressed his frustration in a tweet that was dripping with sarcasm. O'Dowd wrote: ‘Thanks Gatwick security! Some might think body-searching a baby and binning his bottle was over zealous and weird, but not me!’ The incident occurred a day after he and his wife, Dawn O'Porter, attended an event in London.
43 per cent of voters think Ed Miliband 'comes across as wanting to win the most' when compared to David Cameron. Only 25 per cent think the Prime Minister is hungriest for the job, and 13 per cent said neither. Mr Cameron appeared without a tie again today at Kelvin Hughes in north London as part of a'sleeves rolled up' strategy.
Labour councillor Karen Danczuk said women were turned off by female politicians. She said Parliament needed people like her 'to bring it back down to reality' Mrs Danczuk revealed earlier this year that she had suffered sexual abuse.
Motherwell will go to battle with the SPFL over free entry to the Premiership play-offs for season-ticket holders. The Fir Park side are set to win powerful backing for their revolt from Championship promotion challengers Rangers and Hibernian. Under existing rules, the SPFL are entitled to take 50 per cent of the gate proceeds from the six play-off ties for redistribution among the clubs.
London Borough of Barking and Dagenham wants dog owners to submit a DNA sample from the inside of the animal's cheek. Council would then use stored information to match the animal responsible with any errant mess found on the streets - and issue the owner an £80 fine. The move is part of efforts from the council to reduce its £2.3million annual street cleansing bill.
Philip Dunning, 44, made decision to give notice as shift manager within hours. He went in for his 4am shift at Caledonia Produce the next day. His partner Gina Meikle, 45, also worked there and did the same. Mr Dunning's millions mean he could easily afford a Bugatti Veyron Super Sports, a mere £2million.
Real Madrid host Almeria at the Bernabeu in La Liga. Carlo Ancelotti's side looking to bounce back from 5-0 defeat to Barcelona. James Rodriguez scores stunning first half volley. Cristiano Ronaldo misses best chance of the game. Real Madrid XI: Navas, Arbeloa, Pepe, Varane, Coentrao, Kroos, Isco, Ronaldo, Jese, Hernandez. Almeria XI: Ruben, Ximo, Gomez, Verza, Serrano, Corona, Dubarbier, Edgar, Hemed.
Arsenal fan made his girlfriend take a quiz to test her knowledge of the club. Saskia scored an impressive 43.5 out of 50 in the written test. Football fans hailed her as 'proper GF material' and 'legend'
Ousman Jatta, 45, took wife Beryl, 88, to a care home while he went to Africa. But when he returned he was not allowed to take her home with him. Mr Jatta, who is her carer, threatened to go on hunger strike unless she was returned. He said: 'I care for her better than anyone and I feel very sad'
Ronald Butcher, 75, died in March 2013 and left his entire fortune to Daniel Sharp. The builder had done building work on Mr Butcher's home in Enfield, London. Mr Butcher's relatives and friends claim the 2013 will is invalid. They say Mr Sharp is lying about his friendship with Mr Butcher.
Indonesian attorney-general H.M. Prasetyo applauded Chan and Sukumaran's executioners for their work. He said that 'all the shots were done perfectly' at the execution. Mr Prasetyo declared it was necessary to fight drug crime in the country. He dismissed Australia's withdrawal of its ambassador as a'momentary reaction'
Goncalo Amaral had been on trial over claims he made in book and documentary. Lisbon court agreed that he should pay Mr and Mrs McCann 250,000 (£179,000) Each in damages and banned further sales of his book The Truth Of The Lie. Madeleine was three when she went missing from her family's holiday apartment.
Oldham Athletic have signed Ronaldo Brown from Liverpool. The 16-year-old is named after Brazil's former striker Ronaldo. But he is actually named after the original Brazilian Ronaldo, rather than Portugal star Cristiano.
Lib Dem minister Danny Alexander releases details of what he claims are secret Tory plans to cut Child Benefit and Child Tax Credits. Prime Minister 'flatly rejected' the plans, claiming they were drawn up by civil servants on the orders of Mr Alexander. But the Lib Dems hit back, claiming Mr Cameron himself had asked officials to examine ways to curb access to benefits.
Rodrigo Gularte was a paranoid schizophrenic who didn't realise he was being executed until his last moments of life. The 42-year-old asked 'Am I being executed?' as he was being chained up to be transported to the jungle clearing on Nusakambangan island. The Irish priest appointed to be Gularte's spiritual advisor in his final hours said he talked to him for an hour and a half late on Tuesday night. He was confused about his fate and complained about hearing voices. Under Indonesian law, a mental health disease can provide for clemency in death penalty cases.
Arshdeep Kaur, 14, and her mother Shinder were sexually assaulted on a bus. The pair were travelling from their home in Punjab, northern India. Arshdeep died and her mother was severely injured in the attack. The incident took place on a bus 50 miles from the Pakistani border.
Fourteen soldiers dispatched to restore order in Central African Republic accused of abusing children as young as nine as they begged for something to eat. The abuse reportedly took place at a centre for displaced people near Bangui airport between December 2013 and June 2014. The French defence ministry has vehemently denied covering up the scandal.
Ba Van Nguyen was able to pilot a military helicopter on his own to save his family during the fall of Saigon on April 30, 1975. He was able to get out of his flight suit and get out of the helicopter just seconds before it crashed, sending shrapnel flying everywhere. His wife and three young children were all saved by the USS Kirk, which was too small to allow the helicopter to land. Nguyen then went back out to sea and managed to get out of his suit and jump into the water just seconds before it crashed. He was reunited with the crew from the Kirk in 2009, and awarded an air medal for
Pema Lama, 15, was pulled, dazed and dusty, from the rubble of a guesthouse in Kathmandu. He had become 'pancaked' between two floors when the quake hit on Saturday. Crowds cheered as he was carried out on a stretcher by medics. An American disaster response team had been working for several hours. Meanwhile, a four-month-old baby was reunited with his mother. Sonish Awal was asleep in his cot upstairs when the walls came crashing down. His parents and older sister, aged 10, were outside when the tremor struck.
Carl Beatson-Asiedu was stabbed to death outside a nightclub in 2009. The 19-year-old had appeared in CBBC spy show MI High and formed a music group. Jeffrey Okafor, 24, is accused of stabbing Mr Beatson-Asiedu to death. He allegedly confessed to his girlfriend before fleeing to Nigeria on brother's passport.
Javier Hernandez has scored five goals in his last six games for Real Madrid. The 26-year-old has been restricted to just nine starts for Manchester United this season. The Mexican international has interest from West Ham, Southampton, Newcastle and Lazio.
Carl Thompson has gained an astonishing 30 stone in just three years. The 32-year-old is now bed-bound and cannot wash or leave the house. He has not had a girlfriend since his early twenties which ended because of his weight. He has not had a job since he was 17 when he worked in a food factory. At the time he ate everything the factory didn't sell but turned to food after his mother died of a brain tumour in 2012. Now he spends around £200 a week on takeaways and online shopping.
Five-month-old Sonit Awal was asleep upstairs when the quake struck. He was saved from death by a cupboard that fell on top of him. His mother has spoken of her 'overwhelming joy' that her baby is alive.
Ten years ago Liz Clark swapped cleaning glasses for sailing around the world. The 34-year-old promised to document her travels on a Cal 40 sailboat. The former bartender has travelled about 25,000 nautical miles to date.
Darren Stanton is the UK's top human leading human lie detector and body expert. He appeared on ITV's This Morning to share his tips on how to spot liars. Amanda Holden and Philip Schofield were caught fibbing by Darren.
Lee McCulloch was booed by his own fans against Raith Rovers. Stuart McCall hopes that McCulloch will be the last player to get booed. Rangers face Hearts at Tynecastle on Saturday.
Ukip leader says he will not give up trying to pull Britain out of the EU. Says he would accept the result even if voters reject leaving in referendum. Claims the party could enjoy an SNP-style surge in support in aftermath. Comments come after David Cameron, Ed Miliband and Nick Clegg faced TV grilling.
Ukip leader will make comments in a debate at European Parliament in Strasbourg. He will warn that if EU agrees to give refuge to migrants from North Africa, it could lead to millions being given passports that allow them to move to Britain.
Sturgeon warns Miliband he will not be able to pass Budget unless he agrees to SNP demands. Labour leader tonight ruled out a formal deal with the resurgent Nationalists. But a vote-by-vote arrangement remains on the table for another hung parliament. Comes after Alex Salmond boasted: 'I'm writing Labour's Budget'
Theresa May said new legislation was urgently needed to update powers of MI5 and GCHQ. But, based on current polling, Parliament would be left deadlocked. Balance of power held by Scottish nationalists opposed to updating law. Situation is made especially acute by ‘poison pill’ inserted into emergency anti-terror laws.
Anonymous scientist Bionerd visits the no-go zone to measure radiation levels. Chernobyl was the site of a devastating nuclear explosion 29 years ago on April 26, 1986. Ukrainian scientists say the area is uninhabitable for humans for at least 20,000 years. Bionerd says she has exposed herself to more radiation swimming in the sea and visiting hospital.
Charlie Patino and his family must weigh up offers from Arsenal, Chelsea and Tottenham. 11-year-old is a talented midfielder who has been spotted at Luton Town. The transfer fee involved is £10,000, a sizeable amount to spend on a player who offers potential and promise after six years with Luton.
Emma Giffard, 36, and Ollie Halls, 37, bought the Bedford SB3 in 2005. They spent five years restoring it and touring the country with friends. They now want to enjoy parenthood with their two young children. It's listed on eBay for £120,000 which is 100 times what they originally paid.
Kevin Morgan was injured when a Land Rover reversed into his car in 2005. The married engineer suffered whiplash, chronic pain syndrome and depression. Claims that the accident has left him in too much pain to leave his home regularly. But his insurers Direct Line Group say he is 'deliberately exaggerating' to get money. Mr Morgan was pictured out in a coffee shop with celebrity friend Max Clifford.
Everton's first-team stars attended the annual Academy Day on Tuesday. Leon Osman, Phil Jagielka, Ross Barkley and Romelu Lukaku were all present to pass on advice to youngsters. Roberto Martinez's side are currently sixth in the Premier League.
Only nine per cent of Germans now consider the end of the conflict a defeat. Findings come 70 years after Hitler committed suicide in a Berlin bunker.
Jack Wilshere posted a picture of his overflowing Waitrose trolley on Instagram. The Arsenal midfielder is closing in on a return to full fitness. Wilshere has been out for five months with an ankle injury.
Ivan Rakitic's wife Raquel Mauri posted a picture on Instagram of the couple relaxing at the beach. Lionel Messi's wife Antonella Roccuzzo is due to give birth to a baby boy. The Barcelona star shared a picture of his son kissing his wife's stomach.
Floyd Mayweather will fight Manny Pacquiao in Las Vegas on May 2. Tickets for the mega-fight will go on sale at 8pm on Thursday. There had been fears the fight might be in doubt.
Commons expenses watchdog launched a bid to keep MPs' receipts secret. But Court of Appeal ruled that it must release all copies of original documents. Case stems from a Freedom of Information request in 2010. It asked for three specific receipts submitted by politicians in support of claims. But Ipsa sent back a typed-up summary of the claims. Information Commissioner later ruled that the receipts themselves should be published.
Alex Oxlade-Chamberlain and Kieran Gibbs took Tyga on a tour of the Emirates. The American rapper was given a No 52 Arsenal shirt. Tyga has been in the headlines for dating 17-year-old Kylie Jenner.
Theo Walcott has been named on Arsenal's substitutes' bench 17 times this season. The 26-year-old was on the bench for the Gunners' 0-0 draw with Chelsea. Walcott has been pictured on a different kind of bench with his team-mates for a photoshoot with fashion house Lanvin.
Floyd Mayweather will go head-to-head with Manny Pacquiao on May 2. The mega-fight will take place at the MGM Grand in Las Vegas. Motown legend Gladys Knight tweeted a picture with Mayweather.
Lionel Messi has confirmed he is to be a father again. Messi posted a picture of his wife Antonella Roccuzzo having her stomach kissed by their son. The couple already know they are due to have a baby boy and have a name for him.
Adnan Januzaj turned out for Fulham Under 21s on Tuesday night. The 20-year-old was at the World Championship in Sheffield on Wednesday. Januzaj cheered on his friend Shaun Murphy in his quarter-final.
Andy Murray will take a break from Amelie Mauresmo after Wimbledon. Mauresmo is expecting a baby in August and will be replaced by Jonas Bjorkman in the lead-up to the US Open. The plan is for Mauresmo to work with Murray up until Wimbledon, although by then she will be in the latter stages of pregnancy.
Ukip leader said anti-English sentiment in Scotland was now the 'biggest' form of racism in the UK. He said it was wrong that Ukip was called racist and Alex Salmond was to blame. Mr Farage said he was 'astonished' by how little clothing women in Newcastle wear on a night out.
Marouane Fellaini was substituted at half-time against Everton on Sunday. The Manchester United midfielder shared a glass of bubbly with his twin brother Mansour on Tuesday. The pair were recently the subject of a mix-up involving Chelsea boss Jose Mourinho prior to the Blues' clash with United at Stamford Bridge. Mourinho revealed he was told by a doorman that Fellaini was not playing.
Floyd Mayweather fights Manny Pacquiao in Las Vegas on May 2. Only 500 tickets were on general sale for the mega-fight. Brighton man Ade Adebayo snapped up one of the tickets last week.
Barcelona thrashed Getafe 6-0 at the Nou Camp on Tuesday night. Lionel Messi, Neymar and Luis Suarez have now scored 102 goals this season. Messi has 49 goals, Neymar 32 and Suarez 21 in all competitions.
Rafael Nadal suffered his earliest exit in 12 years at the Barcelona Open last week with a third-round defeat by world No 29 Fabio Fognini. Nadal has only ever lost one match at Roland Garros. Roger Federer takes on Marsel Ilhan or Jarkko Nieminen in his opening match at the inaugural Istanbul Open this week.
Sir Alex Ferguson spoke to John Parrott over a frame of snooker. The former Manchester United boss revealed he rates Cristiano Ronaldo above Lionel Messi as he could score for any team. The 73-year-old also revealed he 'battered' Paul Ince at snooker before his former player blamed his wife.
Barcelona defeated Getafe 6-0 at the Nou Camp on Tuesday night. Lionel Messi, Luis Suarez and Neymar formed a formidable front three. Neymar posted a picture of the trio in the dressing room. The Brazilian used the typically Argentine/Uruguayan expression ‘dale’ in reference to his two team-mates.
Jenson Button completed the London Marathon in under three hours. The McLaren driver was running on behalf of Cancer Research. Button joked he was disappointed to finish behind former Olympic rower James Cracknell.
The BT Sport Industry Awards take place in Battersea on Thursday. AP McCoy, Jack Wilshere and Nathaniel Clyne were in attendance. David Ginola was also present, one of his first public appearances since trying to run for FIFA presidency.
Martin Odegaard joined Real Madrid in January for an initial £2million fee. The 16-year-old was expected to be given some minutes towards the end of the game if Carlo Ancelotti's side were in a commanding lead. But the Noriganwe had to sit patiently on the bench as Real beat Almeria 3-0.
Lewis Hamilton took his brother Nicolas for a drive in his Shelby Cobra. The pair enjoyed some time off ahead of the Spanish Grand Prix. Nicolas will become the first driver with a disability to compete in the British Touring Championship.
Floyd Mayweather and Manny Pacquiao will fight on May 2 in Las Vegas. The mega-fight is expected to earn at least $300million (£195m) The MGM Grand Garden Arena is ready to host the richest fight in boxing history.
Robin van Persie scored twice as Manchester United Under 21s beat Fulham. Holland international has been sidelined with an ankle injury since February. Joe Rothwell scored a brace as United ran out 4-1 winners at Craven Cottage.
Didier Drogba has set up the 'Didier Drogba Foundation in Africa' The 'Didier Drogba Foundation,' contribute financial and material support in education and health including school bags for the school children. The 'Didier Drogba Foundation,' contribute financial and material support in education and health including a medical clinic in his hometown of Abidjan, Ivory Coast.
Didier Drogba hits back at claims that Chelsea are boring with video. Blues can wrap up Premier League title with two games to spare. They travel to Leicester City on Wednesday night and must win both games. Drogba and his team-mates complete a'six-man heading trick'
Research led by the New Jersey Institute of Technology has revealed the first high-resolution footage of a solar flux 'rope' taking shape on the sun. In the video, twisting groups of magnetic fields writhe around a central axis, and the rope ultimately causes a bright flash - a solar flare - to form. Solar flux ropes are common structures in the solar corona, and they are thought to be the main cause of several types of solar weather.
Addison Russell, 21, was batting for the Chicago Cubs in the seventh inning. He was trying to catch up to a fastball when the bat slipped out of his fingers. It went flying and struck a fan sitting several rows behind the on-deck circle. The fan suffered 'wounds' but was conscious and communicative after being hit.
Daniel Sturridge was challenged to a dance-off by Kop Kids presenter Paisley. The Liverpool frontman was left red-faced by the talented youngster. Sturridge revealed that he isn't a fan of One Direction.
Manny Pacquiao fights Floyd Mayweather in Las Vegas on May 2. The contracts for the mega fight have yet to be signed, says promoter Bob Arum. Arum claims that the draft contract he received is different to the terms that were agreed a few months ago. Mayweather Promotions CEO Leonard Ellerbe said that Arum 'isn't willing to live with the agreement'
Floyd Mayweather fights Manny Pacquiao on May 2 in Las Vegas. Tickets for the mega-fight are yet to be made available to the public. Mayweather's camp claimed they would be on sale last week. Pacquiao's promoter Bob Arum has blamed Mayweather's side for the delay.
Audi has created a so-called 'green' diesel made using a combination of water and carbon dioxide. Car manufacturer described its breakthrough as the 'fuel of the future' Experts used renewable energy to convert carbon dioxide and water into a form of crude oil known as 'blue crude', which was then refined into diesel. Audi has already begun using the new e-diesel to power the official car of German minister of education and research Dr Johanna Wanka.
The revolutionary system is being commercialised by French company Pixium Vision, with clinical trials scheduled for 2016. A surgeon first implants a small silicon chip with 150 electrodes on the retina. When the patient puts on the system's dark glasses, an integrated video camera sends images to a portable computer. Pulses activate electrodes in the implant, and the optic nerve carries images to the brain.
Denim queen Bettina Liano is reportedly being pursued by the Australian Tax Office. The designer owes $126,594 in taxes withheld between March and December 2012. Liano's denim empire started in 1986 in Melbourne, but ran into difficulty in recent years.
The gadget was created by Wuppertal-based Patrick Priebe. He designs and builds metal laser gadgets to order online. His Laser Gloves and Laser Gauntlet/Arm are available to order in varying wavelengths. Gadget can be fired continuously for up to three minutes before the batteries need to be replaced and it can be made for either the left or right hand.
Chelsea are confirmed as champions of the Barclays Premier League. Manchester City, Arsenal and Manchester United are likely to join them in the Champions League. Only Liverpool, Tottenham and Southampton are still within a mathematical chance of breaking the top four. Bournemouth are confirmed as champions of the Championship.
The robots were originally created by Walker for a show called 'Peepshow' The dancers, which cost around £2,500 to hire, were made out of old car parts and were designed by British artist Giles Walker.
packets of ‘beef masala’ sent by Pakistan as part of relief aid to temblor survivors. Majority-Hindu country treats cows as sacred and there is a blanket ban on slaughtering the animal.
Floyd Mayweather and Manny Pacquiao will fight on May 2 in Las Vegas. Mayweather has declared himself The Best Ever ahead of the mega-fight. Pacquiao's trainer Freddie Roach has been trash-talking his claim to be The Best Ever.
Footage is the first time failure of Li-ion batteries due to overheating has been recorded. Researchers subjected two commercial Li-ion batteries to external heat. They then used thermal imaging and non-invasive high speed imaging techniques to observe changes in their internal structure. Copper inside melted, indicating temperatures of at least 1,085C (1,985F) This caused molten material to burst from the battery’s vent. By comparison, the rapid pressure rise in a second cell caused the entire cap of the cell to detach.
The fireball was captured on camera by the United Kingdom Meteor Observing Network (UKMON) in Portadown, County Armagh. Footage shows it glowing brightly as it races northwards towards the Irish Sea. Pieces from the meteorite, which came from an asteroid in orbit between Mars and Jupiter, would have crashed to Earth and could potentially be worth thousands of pounds.
Photographer Jessica Fulford-Dobson took pictures of girls skateboarding in Kabul, Afghanistan. 40 per cent of Skateistan's students are female, and the girls also have the option of joining a back-to-school program.
Nasa has been testing a flexible wing on a plane in California. The wing can bend from -2 degrees up to 30 degrees. It means that regular flaps aren't needed - and it is much lighter. In this image, the technology is visible at the flat 'flap' at the base of the wing. The breakthrough could also increase fuel efficiency up to 12 per cent, and reduce noise at take-off and landing up to 40 per cent.
Ian Merrett, 28, was accused of sexual harassment by Poppy Smart, 23. She claims he and his colleagues wolf-whistled at her every day for a month. Mr Merrett, from Worcester, said she should take it as a compliment. He said: 'I've wolf-whistled so many girls and got so many birds and snogged so many girls off the back of that, and never had a complaint before'
Chelsea beat Manchester City 3-1 in the FA Youth Cup final first leg. Tammy Abraham and Dominic Solanke both scored twice at the Academy Stadium. The pair have now scored 35 goals between them this season. Jose Mourinho said his first-team squad had space for 'three or four kids'
Kellie Maloney says a vote for Ukip would be 'quite wasted' Former boxing promoter is one of the party's most famous former candidates. But she warns other candidates have given the party a bad image. She said: 'No normal person in the street could accept that'
Amanda Oleander, 25, is one of the stars of Twitter's new live broadcasting platform, Periscope. Branded the Kim Kardashian of the social platform, she has been 'loved' 7.5 million times in less than a month since it launched. Ellen DeGeneres is the highest ranking star but is trailing behind Amanda with a mere three million 'loves'
The Eshima Ohashi bridge in Japan is the third largest of its kind in the world. The two-lane concrete road bridge spans a mile across Lake Nakaumi. It has a gradient of 6.1 per cent on the Shimane Prefecture side and 5.1 per cent on the Tottori Prefecture side.
Jimmy White lost 10-8 to world No 30 Matthew Selt in Sheffield. White had led from 7-2 down but Selt fought back to win. Steve Davis also crashed out as he lost 10-1 to Kurt Maflin.
GCHQ unlawfully intercepted telephone calls and emails from Sami al-Saadi. Legally-privileged material was protected by strict rules, watchdog ruled. Investigatory Powers Tribunal ordered spies to destroy two copies of communications.
Dundee United sold Stuart Armstrong and Gary Mackay-Steven to Celtic. Jackie McNamara’s side have won just three of their 14 games since. Celtic are also interested in signing Nadir Ciftci from Dundee United.
Two window cleaners were working on the 91st floor of Shanghai World Financial Centre. Their platform swung violently in the wind and smashed into the side of the building. Luckily, the workers only suffered minor injuries.
Scientists at Stanford University School of Medicine believe their antibodies could eradicate both primary tumours and distant metastases. Process relies on the same mechanism as that which causes animals' bodies to reject organ transplants. In both cases, antibodies - molecules that detect foreign substances in the body - trigger the immune system. When T-cells come into contact with the 'unwelcome' tissue, they attack and destroy it.
Five veterans were awarded France's highest decoration, the Legion d'Honneur. Ceremony took place at the Yorkshire Air Museum near York. They are among the first of 99,800 living veterans who will receive the medal.
Johanna Basford, 32, has released a colouring book for adults. The book, called Enchanted Forest, has sold 226,000 copies in one month. The mother-of-one's first colouring book for grown-ups called Secret Garden has sold over 1.5million copies and inspired a flurry of similar books.
David Raven's extra-time winner saw Inverness reach the William Hill Scottish Cup final. Virgil van Dijk had fired Celtic into an early lead with a superb free-kick. Josh Meekings was sent off for Inverness for blocking Leigh Griffiths' shot. Craig Gordon was also shown a red card for his part in Greg Tansey's equaliser.
Manny Pacquiao fights Floyd Mayweather on May 2 in Las Vegas. Pacquiao has two platinum albums to his name back home in the Philippines. He also has his own sitcom, Show Me Da Manny, plus a game show, Manny Many Prizes on the GMA Network.
Chelsea beat Manchester City 3-1 in the UEFA Youth Cup Final. Tammy Abraham scored a first half double to put Chelsea in the lead. Isaac Buckley had equalised for City in the first half. Dominic Solanke added a third for the visitors late on.
Marc Albrighton gave Leicester the lead in the first half with a low drive into the bottom corner. Didier Drogba equalised for Chelsea just two minutes into the second half. John Terry made it 2-1 with a close-range finish after a scramble in the Leicester box. Ramires completed the comeback with a stunning effort into the top corner in the 83rd minute.
Beijing International Airport is launching the world's biggest terminal. Terminal 1 will cover 700,000 square metres and handle 45 million passengers a year. British-Iraqi architect Zaha Hadid has designed the huge building.
Manchester City host Chelsea in the first leg of the FA Youth Cup final. The match will take place at City's 7,200-capacity Academy Stadium. The second leg takes place next Monday at Stamford Bridge.
A new Reddit thread is offering some fascinating insights into the strange lives of men who have purchased mail-order brides. The discussion, which focuses on brides from Russia and the Philippines, has so far garnered more than 10,000 comments.
Floyd Mayweather and Manny Pacquiao will fight in Las Vegas on May 2. The mega-fight is billed as the $300million fight of the century. The average payout for the top 10 pay-per-view fighters stands at $22.4m (£14m) Mike Tyson features in four of the top 10 highest grossing pay-per-view fights to date.
Bayern Munich beat Hertha Berlin 1-0 on Saturday to go 15 points clear. Wolfsburg knew a win would keep their title hopes alive. But Max Kruse struck in the last minute to earn Borussia Monchengladbach a 1-0 win and secure their place in the Champions League next season. Bayern have now won the Bundesliga title for the 25th time.
Heather Mack avoided the death penalty last week when a judge sentenced her to 10 years for murdering her mother in Bali. In contrast, Australians Andrew Chan and Myuran Sukumaran have spent the past decade on death row. They were convicted of trying to smuggle heroin from Bali to Australia in 2005. The Bali Nine ringleaders spent 10 years in Kerobokan Prison working to reform themselves. Despite their clear rehabilitation, Chan and Sukumaran were shot dead by a firing squad early on Wednesday morning.
Floyd Mayweather Jnr's personal chef has revealed his weaknesses. Quiana Jeffries has been cooking for the boxer since his fight for Manny Pacquiao was announced. Jeffries dishes out fried turkey dogs and Top Ramen.
Castello Baronale, situated just 31 miles (50km) from Rome, towers 3,280ft over sea level. Includes nine en-suite bedrooms, a further two bedrooms in an adjacent apartment, a lavish ballroom, library, gym and even a theatre. Built in the 12th century, the castle was born by Pope Urban VIII's nephew, Cardinal Barberini, in 1541. The fort remained in the family for 400 years, until it was sacked by Napoleon when he plundered the castle's gold.
Celtic beat Rangers 2-0 to win the Glasgow Cup at Hampden Park. Josh Kerr and Mark Hill scored the goals for Tommy McIntyre's side. Only local schoolkids and their parents were allowed in following trouble among fans at the last three finals.
Fight broke out at a Zara store location in the city's Rittenhouse Square neighborhood. During the melee, the women pulled hair, slapped, yanked each other's clothes and knocked over store displays. A security guard attempted to break up the fight, but was mostly unsuccessful.
Chelsea beat Manchester City 3-1 in the FA Youth Cup final first leg. Tammy Abraham, Dominic Solanke and Izzy Brown scored for the Blues. Manchester City defender Isaac Buckley-Ricketts scored for the hosts.
Chelsea beat Leicester City 3-1 in their Premier League clash. The Blues are now 13 points clear at the top of the table. Jose Mourinho's side host Crystal Palace on Sunday.
Metal detector enthusiast Bill Ladd found the missing dog tags after a storm last year, returning them to the vet's son, William Benn of Rhode Island. Cpl. Benn manned a gun during the 1941 attack on Pearl Harbor. He was awarded the Silver Star for shooting down several Japanese aircraft the next year as a tail gunner on a B-17 bomber at the Battle of Midway.
Celtic face Inverness in the William Hill Scottish Cup semi-final on Sunday. Ronny Deila's side are eight points clear at the top of the Scottish Premiership. The Bhoys could make it four wins in a row if they beat Inverness.
Brenna Happy Cloud of Salem, Oregon, found herself locked out of her Facebook account last week. For five days she received the same message every time she attempted to log in. Facebook eventually contacted Happy Cloud and asked for proof of identity and even a copy of her social security card. Happy Cloud has had to change her screen name to her married name, Rojas, even though she is no longer with her husband.
Sensuality & the Art of the Teese with Dita Von Teese will run at Canyon Ranch. Von Teese, real name Heather Renée Sweet, will lead striptease workshop. Ranch famous for holistic body treatments than nipple tassels.
Gloucester will compete for their first European title since 2006. The Cherry and Whites will face Edinburgh in the Challenge Cup final. Victory in the capital would also earn the West Country side a home play-off spot for next season’s Champions Cup.
John Terry scored Chelsea's second goal in their 3-1 win at Leicester. Terry has now scored seven goals in all competitions this season. The 34-year-old is joint third-highest goalscorer at Chelsea with seven. Graziano Pelle (15) is Southampton's highest-scoring Premier League player.
U.S. scientists used low doses of the drug oxaliplatin, which has a unique ability to activate cancer-killing immune cells in small tumours. Problem is partly caused by immune system ‘B-cells’ that put a brake on the body’s defences in prostate and other cancers. Each year in the UK around 41,000 men are diagnosed with prostate cancer and 11,000 die from the disease.
Steve Davis will attempt to qualify for this year's Betfred World Championship at the Crucible. Jimmy White and Reanne Evans face tall orders to get through. Davis won six world titles in the 1980s.
Barry Hearn rules out giving a season-long tour wild card to Reanne Evans. 10-time winner of Ladies' World Championship lost 10-8 to Ken Doherty.
Reanne Evans is aiming to qualify for the World Championship. The 29-year-old faces former champion Ken Doherty in qualifying. Evans has won 10 women's world titles.
Floyd Mayweather will take on Manny Pacquiao in Las Vegas on Saturday. The mega-fight is billed as the fight of the century. Boxing fans will be able to buy commemorative jewellery.
Passengers often don't realise their best views of their holiday spot can be seen on the way in or out. British Airways' chief Boeing pilot, Captain Al Bridger, said: 'We get some spectacular views from the cockpit'
Harry Davies-Carr and his brother Charlie starred in the viral video. It was uploaded to YouTube eight years ago and has been viewed more than 816million times. Harry is now 11 and Charlie, nine, are from Buckinghamshire.
Leigh Griffiths scored a hat-trick for Celtic against Dundee United. The 24-year-old has now scored 14 goals in his last 17 games. Griffiths caused a stir when he first arrived at Hibernian. Neil Lennon signed him for £900,000 in January 2014.
Craig Sibbald scored the only goal of the game in the 74th minute. Hibernian hit the post through Fraser Fyvie and Scott Allan. Falkirk will face either Inverness or Celtic in the Scottish Cup final.
MailOnline Travel spoke to travel agents who cater for the ultra-rich. Sarah Haywood, wedding and event planner, estimates membership fees at £50,000. Victoria Hoffman, CEO of Miami-based Concierge & Events, says Cannes Film Festival is a common last-minute request. Emily FitzRoy, Bellini Travel specialist Italian travel agent, caters to 100 clients a year.
Justin Bieber will carry Floyd Mayweather's championship belts into the ring. The pair have been close friends for years and accompanied 'Money' into the ring on numerous occasions. The 21-year-old will lead out the American's entourage at the MGM Grand.
Manny Pacquiao takes on Floyd Mayweather at the MGM Grand in Las Vegas on Saturday night. Pictures have emerged of Pacquiao as a 17-year-old training in a Manila gym just days before the mega-fight. The Filipino has been involved in some of the biggest bouts in the world over the past decade. Pacquiao dethroning South African world champion Lehlo Ledwaba in a title fight in Las Vegas 14 years ago.
Ben Quilty became a mentor to Bali Nine duo in 2012. He has been a staunch advocate for clemency for the nine on death row. Quilty has addressed his poignant post to Indonesian President Joko Widodo. He has described how the two good men will be a pillar of strength for the others on death row until their last moment.
Floyd Mayweather and Manny Pacquiao made public appearances on Tuesday. The mega-fight between the two is set to take place in Las Vegas on Saturday. Sportsmail's boxing correspondent Jeff Powell reflects on the pair's arrivals.
Scottish football's relationship with television has become a form of Stockholm Syndrome. Sky and BT Sports pay £16million a year for live coverage of Scottish football. The BBC puts in an estimated £3m a year for Sportscene highlights and radio commentaries.
From a Lake Garda mansion with a pool overlooking the water to an Italian villa that looks like a castle, these are some of the most spectacular holiday homes on the market. Villas Valriche in Mauritius will soon boast 288 plantation style villas set across 525 acres of lush, tropical grounds.
Celtic midfielder Stefan Johansen has been in fine form this season. The 24-year-old picked up two awards at the annual player of the year dinner. The Norway international is delighted with his first full campaign at Celtic.
Chelsea are set to announce the signing of Nathan Allan de Souza. The 19-year-old will join from Atletico Paranaense in a £4.5million deal. Nathan tweeted the news he was set to sign for Chelsea. The attacking midfielder starred for Brazil at the 2013 Under 17 World Cup.
Apply pressure to your 'third eye' with your middle finger tip while taking deep breaths. Pumpkin seeds contain omega-3 oils which are great brain food. Aerobic exercise is good for your heart and health but a lunchtime yoga class will help you stay sharp.
Ken Doherty trails Reanne Evans 5-4 at the interval of their World Championship first qualifying round match in Sheffield. Doherty won four of the final five frames of the morning session. Evans is bidding to become the first woman to appear in the main stages of the world finals at The Crucible.
Map suggests that the coal region and rust belt in the American Northeast, along with the South, have now become the most racist areas of the US. The rust belt straddles the upper northeastern US, the Great Lakes, and the Midwest states, while the coal region is found in Northeastern Pennsylvania and the spine of the Appalachian Mountains. The map based its results on Google search data – a technique previously used by data scientists to understand how racism may impact Barack Obama's electoral chances.
Floyd Mayweather and Manny Pacquiao will meet in Las Vegas on Saturday. The mega-fight will take place at the MGM Grand and could be worth $1billion. Mayweather has his own state-of-the-art gym located next to a Chinese Baptist Church. Pacquiao has been training at Freddie Roach's Wild Card Gym in Los Angeles.
Judy, 55, doesn't play tennis to stay in shape. Instead, she tries anything from dancing to Pilates to walking in the hills.
Emir Spahic has been released by Bayer Leverkusen. The defender was involved in a brawl after the German Cup loss to Bayern Munich. Spahic threw a punch in the melee of bodies and was sacked.
Bayern Munich beat Eintracht Frankfurt 3-0 in their Bundesliga clash. Robert Lewandowski scored a brace and Thomas Muller added a third. The result maintains Bayern's three-point lead at the top of the table.
Lawsuit filed against author Lacey Noonan and distributors Apple, Amazon.com and Barnes & Noble. Claims photo of them as they were celebrating their engagement was used without their permission or without them even knowing. 'A Gronking To Remember' is about a housewife's infatuation with Patriots tight end Rob 'Gronk' Gronkowski. Lawsuit claims the book has been shown as a source of ribald humor on The Tonight Show and Jimmy Kimmel Live.
Alexander Meier will have surgery on his patellar tendon on Tuesday. The Eintracht Frankfurt forward has scored 19 league goals this season. Bayern Munich's Arjen Robben is also out with an injury. Robert Lewandowski could win the Bundesliga Golden Boot.
Riot erupted in Port Said stadium after match between Al-Masry and Al-Ahly. Riot sparked days of violent protests in Cairo, which left another 16 dead. Appeals court ordered retrial of 73 defendants last year after rejecting original verdict. Eleven of the fans were again sentenced to death today, with verdicts referred to Egypt's supreme court.
Manny Pacquiao takes on Floyd Mayweather in the richest fight of all time. The Filipino is confident he can beat Mayweather despite being underdog. Pacquiao: 'I can’t say Mayweather is the most dangerous opponent of my career because I haven’t fought him yet'
Andrew Chan and Myuran Sukumaran were the ringleaders of the Bali Nine drug smuggling ring. Both men were from working class families and disillusioned by their jobs. They believed they were winning over the ladies and money of the rich. Both men had one thing in common; they were disillusioned by their jobs and had been won over by the riches and lifestyle that selling drugs promised. Thirteen years since their fateful first meeting, after all their legal appeals and pleas for clemency have been rejected, the ringleaders are now dead.
Scientists at Haverford College in Pennsylvania say they have spotted X-ray emissions consistent with thousands of white dwarfs at the galaxy's centre. These are stars left behind after larger ones use up their fuel. Other possible explanations include millisecond pulsars, which are rapidly rotating neutron stars. The researchers say the latest finding needs further study to get to the bottom of the mystery.
Clooney, 37, appeared before reporters at the National Press Club in the capital. She was accompanied by Laila Ali, the wife of the jailed politician, and Jared Genser, the founder of the organization Freedom Now. Nasheed, the Indian Ocean archipelago's first democratically elected leader who came to power in 2008, was convicted under tough anti-terror laws last month.
Georgia Davis, 22, has been lifted from her home in Aberdare, south Wales. At height of operation, 12 fire, police and ambulance vehicles were at property. French doors at front of property reportedly removed to allow crews to winch her out using crane. It is second time Ms Davis has had to be rescued in such a way. In 2012, she was removed from another property on a crane in Merthyr Tydfil.
Southampton lost 2-1 to Stoke City at the Britannia Stadium on Saturday. Morgan Schneiderlin opened the scoring for Ronald Koeman's side. But a mistake from Kelvin Davis allowed Mame Biram Diouf to equalise. Charlie Adam secured all three points for Stoke with six minutes remaining.
Morgan Schneiderlin has been ruled out for the rest of the season. The midfielder has been linked with a move to Arsenal and Tottenham. Ronald Koeman admits Schneiderlin may leave Southampton this summer.
Liris Crosse, 32, is now dubbed The Body and The Naomi Campbell of plus-size modelling world. Despite being a healthy size 10 (US 6), Liris received rejection after being told to lose weight to succeed. She is now breaking into the UK and appeared in a recent campaign for Sir Philip Green's Evans.
Gloriavale, a New Zealand Christian community, has come under increasing scrutiny in recent weeks following abuse allegations. Several ex-members have come forward, telling stories of sexual abuse, violence and bullying - sometimes involving underage girls. A former member, Miracle, told Daily Mail Australia abuse victims were often blamed for their situations. She said sex outside of marriage and with underage children was 'absolutely frowned upon' and 'dealt with very severely'
Adrien Broner is pictured with rapper 50 Cent in Brooklyn on Saturday. The pair were watching the Premier Boxing Champions primetime TV event featuring Danny Garcia Swift and Lamont Peterson and Irish Andy Lee against Peter Quillan. 50 Cent criticised Broner for rejecting a contract offer from promoter Jay Z.
Petr Cech has made just four league starts for Chelsea this season. Ray Parlour believes Arsenal should sign the goalkeeper for £10m. Parlour also believes the Gunners should sell Wojciech Szczesny for £6m. Arsenal host Chelsea in the Premier League on Sunday.
Sam Allardyce's West Ham are top of the Premier League Fair Play table. The Hammers could qualify for the Europa League via the Fair Play League. Allardyce is out of contract at Upton Park at the end of the season.
Andre Schurrle and Mario Gotze were joined by girlfriends Montana Yorke and Ann-Kathrin Broemmel for a double date on Sunday night. The Wolfsburg and Bayern Munich duo both won on Saturday. Schurrle came on as a second-half substitute during Wolfsburg's 2-0 win away to Hamburg after attending a charity ball with Yorke.
Zlatan Ibrahimovic has had a search engine website created in his honour called zlaaatan.com. The website has an identical style to Google with users given the option to 'Zlatan Search' or 'I'm feeling Zlatan' The click of the former button takes users to articles about Ibrahimovic on Google, while the latter directs them to his Wikipedia page.
Steve Simonsen broke SFA's zero-tolerance gambling rules by betting on a total of 50 games in a year. The 35-year-old served a one-game ban after he admitted breaking the SFA's zero-tolerance gambling rules. SFA compliance officer Tony McGlennan challenged that decision, claiming his punishment was 'unduly lenient' However, Simonsen's legal team have confirmed the Englishman will not face a further suspension.
Three Aurora, Colorado police officers who were first on the scene of the shooting on July 20, 2012 testified on Wednesday. One of the officers, Annette Brook, said she noticed 'live victims, the blood' Spent cartridges and casings from a shotgun, a rifle and a handgun littered the floor, so thick that officers couldn't avoid stepping on them. Holmes' defense attorneys want the jury to find him not guilty by reason of insanity. If convicted, Holmes could be sentenced to death.
West Spruill has been charged with murdering Ann Charle, 36. Mother-of-two was walking towards her car when he allegedly pulled out a gun and ordered her into her Honda, according to police sources. Police say Spruill sexually assaulted Charle in her car, but she managed to escape and ran naked down the street. Spruill, who was also naked, allegedly chased after her and shot her three times - in the head and in her chest.
Microsoft hopes to lure more people to use its new Windows 10 software. Will make it easy to use many of the same apps they're already using on Apple or Android phones. New operating system will run on the 'broadest types of devices ever'
Lucian Faggiano bought the building in Lecce, Puglia in the south of Italy and had planned to turn it into a trattoria. But renovations were put on hold when he discovered a toilet on the site was blocked. DIY mission led to the discovery of a Messapian tomb, a Roman granary, a Franciscan chapel and even etchings from the Knights Templar.
The Bruno Smartcan is said to be the first internet connected combined kitchen bin and vacuum cleaner. Using sensors on the front of the bin, it is able to sense when dust and debris from the kitchen floor is swept towards it with a brush. Dust swept close to the base of the bin activates the vacuum, which sucks it directly into the bin. It also has an integrated bag store and charging cord.
The American Chemical Society in Washington explained the science behind the Avengers in a video. It looks at the composition of Iron Man’s suit - said to be a gold-titanium alloy in one of the movies - and Captain America’s shield. The video also explains the science behind super-healing abilities.
Some owners of the Apple Watch have found that it malfunctions if worn on tattooed wrists. Some dark, vibrant ink seems to cause the watch’s heart rate monitor to lose connection and give inaccurate readings. The issue first came to light on Reddit and Twitter where a number of users reported similar issues. Apple has yet to comment on the problem, despite there being speculation that the apparent fault could also stop some people using Apple Pay.
Three planets in system orbit the star, HD 7924, at a distance closer than Mercury orbits the sun, completing their orbits in just 5, 15 and 24 days. Discovery reveals the powerful capabilities of the Automated Planet Finder (APF) in California. The ultimate goal of extrasolar planet research is to find planets like Earth that may support life.
David Beckham's 40th birthday is on Saturday, 2 May and reports state that he is to hold his celebrations at the five-star Amanjena resort. The name Amanjena translates as peaceful paradise, which is echoed by its remote, private surroundings. The Beckhams have stayed at the resort, with Victoria and David renewing their vows there during a romantic getaway in 2004.
Named Hyperion, the moon's porous surface can be seen in incredible detail in this image taken by Cassini. Cassini was around 38,500 miles (62,000 km) from Hyperion when the image was taken almost a decade ago. Hyperion is shaped like a potato and is one of the largest bodies in the solar system known to be so irregular. During the flyby, the probe got more than it bargained for as Hyperion unleashed a burst of charged particles towards the spacecraft.
Fight broke out on flight from Heathrow to Muscat on Saturday night. One man decided to move seats because plane wasn't full. Another passenger objected and row escalated into a full-blown fight. One man was taken away for questioning after landing at Muscat.
The FA are set to sign a £30million, three-year contract for an Emirates FA Cup sponsorship deal. The figures range from £1,150 for winning the extra preliminary round through to the £1.8million either Aston Villa or Arsenal will receive for lifting the trophy on May 30. The FA Cup fund — like the FA Trophy and Vase budget — was very likely to be raided before the Emirates deal to fund the £30m-a-year priorities of FA chairman Greg Dyke’s England Commission.
Master plan to be implemented between 2015 and 2019 calls for re-conceptualisation. Entry to the site will be moved to a visitor and orientation centre. There will be three different routes through the site. Time limits will be imposed to keep traffic flowing.
Called Adidas go, the songs are additionally selected based on the runner's musical interests and listening history. These selections become more relevant the more the app is used. Once a workout is complete, users can review and save their distance, time, pace, as well as see which tracks were played.
James Whitaker's reign as ECB head of selectors is set to end. Yorkshire are furious that their players have been rested for the West Indies tour. Yorkshire coach Jason Gillespie is the subject of renewed bids from South Australia. FA Cup is set to be rebranded as the Emirates FA Cup.
England reached 341 for five at the close of play on day one in Antigua. Ian Bell and Joe Root added 177 runs for the fourth wicket. Captain Alastair Cook was bowled through the gate for 11. Jonathan Trott's first Test in 18 months ended in a third-ball duck.
Torin Lakeman, 19, and brother Jacques, 20, died in a pub in Manchester. The pair had bought MDMA from an anonymous online dealer last year. They were found dead in a hotel room above The Grapes pub in December last year. Coroner Alan Walsh said he would be contacting Theresa May over the deaths. Said it was unacceptable that 'intellectual people are able to access drugs in this way'
Daniel Levy reportedly told the Tottenham Hotspur Supporters' Trust that future transfer policy would entail the purchase of young players. This may be financially sensible, but it is hardly reassuring. Elite clubs, those who challenge for the biggest trophies, do not buy with one eye on selling. The only time Tottenham demonstrated real Champions League potential was when Levy resisted the likes of Chelsea over Luka Modric.
Testosterone doesn’t always get a good press. Everything that’s unpleasant about male behaviour is attributed to it. Yet as Joe Herbert explains, testosterone is at the heart of human life.
Our fascination with aeroplanes has acquired a morbid flavour since Germanwings flight 9525 was deliberately crashed into the French Alps by its troubled co-pilot Andreas Lubitz. Mark Vanhoenacker is a senior first officer with British Airways. He wants the reader to simply understand his passion for his job.
Samsung sold 82.4m smartphones in the first three months of the year. Apple held an 18.2 percent market share after selling 61.2 million iPhones.
Anderson Silva will fight for a spot in the Brazilian taekwondo team at the 2016 Olympics in Rio de Janeiro. The announcement was made on Wednesday after a meeting with Brazilian taekwondo officials. Silva is a taekwondo ambassador and a black belt in the sport.
Eden Hazard, Loic Remy and Willian took part in Audi's football challenge. Hazard and Nathan Ake took on Remy and Willian in head-to-head. The players were set challenges in which they had to shoot at cars from long range. Willian and Remy were involved in the biggest misfortune of the day.
Peter Schmeichel and Oliver Kahn star in Tipico's latest advert. The pair renew their rivalry in a top trump style competition. The duo have so many 'cards' to play, they're still playing them 50 years later.
John Barnes and Jamie Redknapp performed The Sugarhill Gang classic Rapper's Delight for Sky's upcoming series of A League Of Their Own. The pair were a hit together at Liverpool between 1991 and 1997. Barnes was part of Liverpool's 1988 FA Cup winning rap song Anfield Rap.
Robbie Keane sings Karma Chameleon in car karaoke video posted on Boy George and the Culture Club's Facebook page. The LA Galaxy striker is sidelined by a groin injury. Keane watched Galaxy beat Seattle Sounders 1-0 at StubHub Center on Sunday.
The House Judiciary Committee passed the latest version of the USA Freedom Act by a bipartisan vote of 25 to 2. It would codify President Obama's proposal to end the NSA's collection of domestic calling records. It would result in phone companies, not the NSA, collecting so-called'metadata' on trillions of phone calls. The authority to collect those records and other related surveillance provisions of the Patriot Act will expire June 1 unless Congress passes a law reauthorizing it. Senate Majority Leader Mitch McConnell is trying to reauthorize the PATRIOT Act – unchanged – until the end of 2020
Angelika Graswald, 35, of Poughkeepsie, New York, has been charged with second-degree murder in the death of Vincent Viafore, 46. Troopers have said Viafore, also of Poughkeepsie, was kayaking with Graswald on the Hudson River April 19 when his vessel flipped over. Graswald called 911 telling the dispatcher she had fallen out of her own kayak. She was later picked up by a boater. According to a criminal complaint, prosecutors allege that Graswald intentionally caused Viafore's death. The man was not wearing a life jacket at the time and was unable to turn the cap
Eugenie Bouchard was beaten 6-3, 6-1 by Lauren Davis at the Family Circle Cup. The Canadian top seed has now lost four matches in a row. Davis, ranked 66th in the world, had lost her only previous meeting with Bouchard.
Fossils from an extinct pygmy sperm whale that died seven million years ago have shed new light on the evolution of modern day whales. The remains, which were discovered in Panama, indicate that the bone involved in sound generation and echolocation got smaller. In contrast modern sperm whales are much larger than their extinct relatives.
The images have been overlain on a black and white mosaic from the Mercury Dual Imaging System (MDIS) This is an instrument with wide- and narrow-angle cameras that has been mapping the rugged landforms on Mercury’s surface. The spacecraft is expected to smash into the planet's surface on Thursday 30 April after a four-year mission.
Sam Burgess has featured mainly at inside centre for Bath. The former rugby league star has struggled to make an impact in the midfield since converting to union towards the end of last year. Burgess was called into Stuart Lancaster's England squad during the RBS 6 Nations.
Jimmy Anderson is playing in his 100th Test for England this week. The 32-year-old is closing in on Sir Ian Botham's record of 381 Test wickets. Anderson has been the leader of England's bowling attack for a while. He will be sorely missed when he does call it a day.
Chelsea and the Premier League are furious with the BBC for allowing the Premier League trophy to be displayed on the centre circle at Stamford Bridge on Tuesday. Jose Mourinho has warned players and fans to concentrate on first beating Crystal Palace before celebrating. Yorkshire, bankrolled by Colin Graves, are allowing Sky cameras access to all areas for the duration of the season.
Bath fly half George Ford scored the only try of the game in Dublin. Rob Kearney went over for Leinster in the first-half. Fergus McFadden and Stuart Hooper crossed for the West Country outfit. Anthony Watson was sin-binned for a reckless tackle on Kearney.
A study by the University of Connecticut has found that global warming is accelerating the world’s extinctions. One in six species could face extinction due to the effects of climate change if carbon emissions continue at current rates, it warns. Animals are most at risk in South America, Australia, and New Zealand. In a separate study, scientists examined extinction rates in fossils over 23 million years. They found that the tropics and Antarctica are most at risk and animals such as whales and dolphins are especially vulnerable.
Hashtags were released as part of Instagram's latest app update. It also added three new filters and a redesigned Love button. Hashtags can now be used with single emoji, multiple emoji or can be combined with text in post, comments, and when using the Explore tab. When people try to search for the aubergine, or eggplant, emoji hashtag no posts appear - even if there are posts tagged in this way. It is believed the emoji may be attached to images containing nudity.
Passengers were stuck on trains for up to five hours after power cut in south-west London. Power supply problem led to four lines being closed at Clapham Junction. Police boarded stranded trains to hand out water, and paramedics were on hand in case travellers, including pregnant women, were affected. At least 338 cancellations and 138 part cancellations that either missed stops or terminated before destination.
Efron, 27, has come along way since High School Musical days. He's joined Ryan Gosling and Justin Timberlake in our list of child stars to have grown into stunning adults.
Sam Burgess made his first Premiership start at number six for Bath. England fly half George Ford delivered a fly-half masterclass. Bath are now six points behind Premiership leaders Northampton in the table and four above third-placed Saracens.
Nancy Perry will no longer teach students at Dublin Middle School and will retire at the end of the year, city schools superintendent Chuck Ledbetter announced on Tuesday. Perry is alleged to have told students that Obama is a Muslim and that any parent who support him couldn't be Christian, either. A 12-year-old boy in Perry's class brought the matter to the attention of his father, Jimmie Scott, who complained to the school. Scott said he immediately requested a parent-teacher conference to which Perry brought along her husband Bill, who sits on the county Board of Education.
Swiss scientists say the experiment that some people believe to be a ghostly presence is just a trick of the brain. By having signals mixed up in their brains, volunteers were made to feel that a creepy 'presence' was behind them. They counted up to four phantoms positioned where no-one was standing.
Perak Mufti Tan Sri Harussani Zakaria issued fatwa in Malaysia. Said wives can only say no if menstruating, sick or just given birth. Claimed marital rape was'made up' by European people.
Laura Robson is nearing a return from a lengthy injury lay-off. The 21-year-old hasn't played since the 2014 Australian Open. Robson shared a picture on Instagram of her at Tortuga festival.
James Corden met David Beckham and Odell Beckham Jnr in America. The comedian tweeted a picture alongside the two sporting stars. Both Beckhams are of no relation to each other.
Sarah Jewell, 25, was expecting a tax refund in her mailbox. Instead received a letter from the IRS informing her that she had 'died' Three months later, her Social Security number hasn't been reinstated. She still hasn't received her tax refund, one of her credit cards was cancelled, and her driver's license, which she was meant to renew, now lists her as deceased.
Pupils from Lostwithiel School in Cornwall were due to visit mosque next week. The RE trip was to allow children to learn about different faiths. But 10 parents have pulled their children out of the trip over'safety' fears. One mother said: 'I don't want my son being shot. It is unsafe'
Residents at Hebrew Home in Riverdale, New York, are woken up by video recordings from loved ones. The hope is that the recordings will ease their confusion, forgetfulness and agitation. The idea is inspired by the film 50 First Dates starring Adam Sandler and Drew Barrymore. Each day a new video is shown to residents of the care home. Relatives are encouraged to use memory-triggering anecdotes to remind their loved ones that care home staff will be helping them get dressed and ready for the day.
Frank Lampard enjoyed a day off with fiancee Christine Bleakley on Thursday. The 36-year-old is currently on loan at Manchester City from New York City. Lampard will join parent club New York City in July on a two-year deal.
Jimmy Kimmel sings Manny Pacquiao's inspirational ballad Lalaban Ako Para Sa Filipino on his live show. The song is Pacquiao's walk-out music when he fights Floyd Mayweather. Kimmel's rendition of the song translates to English as 'I'm gonna beat Mayweather's face in' Pacquiao took to Twitter to thank the comedian for singing his song.
Quinton 'Rampage' Jackson returns to the UFC after two years with Bellator. Jackson takes on Fabio Maldonado in Montreal on Saturday night. The former light-heavyweight champion takes on Maldonado at a catchweight of 215lb.
Researchers from the University of Patras took thermal infrared photographs of 41 volunteers’ faces, before and after drinking four glasses of wine. They found the temperature of the forehead and the nose is the best indication of a person’s drunken state and built an algorithm to recognise intoxication with 90% accuracy. Technology could one day be installed in cars to spot drink drivers and stop them starting the ignition.
How old do I look allows people to analyse any image found on Bing. It even allows users to search for celebrities - and see what Microsoft thinks their real ages are. Site was able to accurately guess Kim Kardashian's age as 34, but thought 37-year-old Kanye West was actually 38.
Jeff Bezos' Blue Origin company has completed a successful spaceflight test in West Texas. The New Shepard vehicle rose to a height of 58 miles (94km) - four miles short of space - before landing. It was unmanned, but will ultimately take six people into space. The booster failed to land successfully but the capsule landed without a hitch. In a video a small crowd was seen watching the successful flight from the company's launch site in West Texas - but for the most part the launch was kept a secret.
Neil Redfearn had a depleted squad to pick from when six players pulled out at short notice ahead of the game against Charlton. Mirco Antenucci, Giuseppe Bellusci, Dario del Fabro and Marco Silvestri, Frenchman Souleymane Doukara and Albanian Edgar Cani all made themselves unavailable. Former Leeds captain Trevor Cherry has branded the withdrawals as a 'disgrace' and called for them to be sacked by the club.
Astronomers have produced the first complete three-dimensional view of these beautiful columns of interstellar gas and dust. Image, together with data collected by Nasa, suggests these structures only have three million years left before they fade away.
Stuart Broad was dismissed for a duck in England's first innings against West Indies in Antigua. The 28-year-old has seen his place in the side questioned, but he still produces with the ball. Broad and Jimmy Anderson are an outstanding combination, taking 526 wickets between them in the 70 Tests they have played together.
Leeds United lost 2-1 at Charlton in the Championship on Saturday. Six players withdrew from the squad on the eve of the match. Striker Steve Morison admits he has never experienced anything like it.
Christina O'Gorman poses in an array of vibrant red outfits on the beach at Lulworth Cove, Dorset, in 1913. The ethereal images were taken by her father, electrical engineer and photographer Mervyn O'Gorman. Mervyn was known as an early pioneer of colour photography and often used the autochrome process.
Alex Mowatt has scored nine goals for Leeds United this season. The 20-year-old has attracted attention from several Premier League clubs. Hull City manager Steve Bruce is keen to bolster his squad in the summer.
Mirco Antenucci, Giuseppe Bellusci, Dario del Fabro and Marco Silvestri all told beleaguered head coach Neil Redfearn they were injured. Five of the sextet were signed by banned president Massimo Cellino. It is understood that Redfearn was not aware of any problems with the players.
Fifty-Six – The Story of the Bradford Fire is being serialised in The Guardian. The fire at Bradford City's Valley Parade claimed 56 victims and injured 265 on May 11, 1985. Author Martin Fletcher points the finger at the late Stafford Heginbotham, Bradford City's chairman at the time. Heginbotham had been connected to at least eight other fires at business premises and insurance claims dating back to 1967.
Nadir Ciftci celebrated a goal by blowing a kiss at Dundee United goalkeeper Scott Bain. The 23-year-old's actions came back to haunt him as Dundee won the derby. It was Dundee's first win in a derby for more than 10 years.
Jennifer Saunders, who wrote and starred in the series, confirmed filming will begin in the autumn. She revealed Joanna Lumley, who plays Patsy in the comedy, had told her to ‘do it before we die’ and she was spurred on to finish the script. The film will be based in London, with some scenes in the south of France, or in the Bahamas if the budget allows.
Transport for London is removing posters after receiving one complaint. Change.org petition calling for the adverts to be pulled has 50,000 signatures. Susanna Reid described campaign as 'anxiety inducing' on Good Morning Britain.
The FA are understood to have secured a three-year contract with Emirates Airlines. The deal, due to be rubber-stamped by the FA board on Thursday, is believed to be worth at least £10million a year. The Dubai-based airline have a massive sports sponsorship portfolio across the world that includes Arsenal’s stadium and kit.
Lindsay Sandiford, 58, is on death row in Bali for smuggling cocaine. She was sentenced to death after Indonesian police linked her to almost five kilograms of cocaine. Sandiford, from Cheltenham, now fears she will be the next to face firing squad. She said she 'feels like giving up' and 'just wants to get it over with'
Emirates Airline are set to seal a £30million three-year deal with the FA Cup. The Dubai-based brand are set to rebrand the competition as the Emirates FA Cup. Arsenal signed a 15-year deal worth £150million with the airline in 2004. The Emirates Cup pre-season tournament began in 2007.
Michael Bisping takes on CB Dollaway in Montreal on Saturday night. The Manchester middleweight is open to fighting again in Glasgow in July. Bisping is coming off the back of a defeat by Luke Rockhold last November.
Andrei Arshavin and Anatoly Tymoshchuk's contracts at Zenit St Petersburg expire at the end of the season. Andre Villas-Boas says club are not holding talks to extend their deals. Arshavin spent four years at Arsenal between 2009 and 2013.
Chad Hurst was flying from Denver, Colorado to Salt Lake City, Utah on Sunday when he spoke to a young man about his foul language. That is when the young man sucker punched Hurst in the stomach. Hurst then calmly grabbed the young man by the shoulder, bring him to the ground, put his hands behind his back and get on top of him until police arrived on the scene.
Scott Quigg is the WBA super-bantamweight world champion. Carl Frampton wants to fight him in Manchester on July 18. Matchroom Sport boss Eddie Hearn offered £1.5m to Frampton's camp. Hearn said it offered 1.5m reasons for the two boxers to fight.
Yoshinori Muto has admitted he is considering a move to Chelsea. Earlier this month club president Naoki Ogane claimed the Blues have made an offer for the 22-year-old. Chelsea would look to loan Muto to partner club Vitesse Arnhem next season. Real Zaragoza boss Ranko Popovic gave Muto his debut for FC Tokyo in July 2013.
Charlie Austin is yet to receive an England call-up despite scoring 17 Premier League goals for QPR this season. Wayne Rooney, Danny Welbeck, Harry Kane and Daniel Sturridge are all ahead of Austin in Roy Hodgson's pecking order. There was a clamour for Grant Holt to be called up during his time at Norwich.
Fewer than one in three have heard of UK's biggest cause of food poisoning. More than 70 per cent of Britons rightly identified chicken as the main source of food poisoning. 32 per cent of young people believe washing raw chicken before cooking is a good way to avoid poisoning.
A high-level ministerial briefing exclusively obtained by Daily Mail Australia reveals an 'unprecedented' number of Australians could face the death penalty in China for drug smuggling. The revelation follows widespread public anger at Indonesia's executions of Australian nationals Myuran Sukumaran and Andrew Chan despite the pleas of the Federal government. It also comes as one of the few Australians known to be facing death row in China - Sydney man Peter Gardner - had his case pushed forward by six months.
Aliesha Peterson, 22, from Alberta, Canada, began going to the gym in August 2013 to help her overcome her depression. Since then, she has lost nearly 20lbs and gained a six-pack.
Reality TV star Chris Hardman, aka Lil' Chris, died last month. The 24-year-old was found hanged at his home in Lowestoft, Suffolk. Inquest heard that a friend found his body and later identified it. Mr Hardman shot to fame after appearing on Channel 4's School of Rock.
Sandstorms swept across the Arabian Peninsula last week. Mohammed Mohsen captured the moment the cloud engulfed the street. Strong winds are believed to have caused the disruption.
Britain's Got Talent judge, 44, covers the June 2015 issue of Good Housekeeping. Talks about how therapy saved her after losing one child and nearly dying. Reveals that husband Chris Hughes has been a constant source of reassurance.
There will be calls for England to get rid of Alastair Cook and Jonathan Trott. But I think they should both play all three Tests against West Indies before any sort of decision is made. I said after the first day of this Test that England’s top order was a bit one-paced which could be an issue but that does not mean I think they should be dropped unless there is conclusive evidence they are in decline.
The reality TV star posted the message 'Pray for Baltimore' to Instagram on Monday night as protests about the death of Freddie Gray turned to riots in the hours following his funeral. While over 417,000 followers liked the photo, it did not escape criticism. Critics went after her privileged background and accused her of insincerity, and still more aired shockingly racist feelings. Just 30 minutes later she responded to the wave of responses with a Tweet that read: 'Yall are too much. Damned if I do. Damned if I don't'
Michelle Filkins, 44, of West Wareham has been charged with breaking and entering, larceny over $250, and malicious destruction of property. She was discovered at the Court Street property in Edgartown by owner Mark Conklin on April 17. A construction worker in the neighborhood has told police that he saw Filkins outside with items from the home. Police are asking anyone who received items from the home to return them to the Edgartown police department.
Jimmy Anderson took 384th Test wicket to break Sir Ian Botham's record. Botham was larger than life and had huge self-belief as a player. Botham was one of the nicest blokes I captained and I was delighted when he broke Sir Ian’s record here.
Brian Williams is refusing to go down 'without a fight', it has been reported. 55-year-old newsman is looking to return to his post on NBC Nightly News. Was suspended in February after it emerged he lied about being on a helicopter hit by an RPG over Iraq.
Jordan Spieth won the 2015 Masters at Augusta on Sunday. The 21-year-old became the first American to win the tournament since Tiger Woods in 1997. Spieth held a four-shot lead heading into the final day of action. He became the first man ever to reach 19 under par in the Masters.
Alistair Brownlee won on his World Triathlon Series return in Cape Town. Olympic champion recovered from a fall to beat Javier Gomez. Vicky Holland won the women's race on Saturday.
Manchester United beat Manchester City 4-2 at Old Trafford on Sunday. Louis van Gaal has transformed United's season since taking over. Ashley Young, Marouane Fellaini and Michael Carrick are all key to Van Gaal's success.
Angel Di Maria has had a new tattoo of the No 7 shirt on his left arm. The 27-year-old joined Manchester United for a club record £60million last summer. Di Maria has endured a mixed start to his United career on-and-off the pitch.
Hand-painted replica of Jean-Honore Fragonard's Young Woman hung in gallery. Visitors were challenged to'spot the fake' among 270 Old Master paintings. But only 10 per cent of 3,000 people who visited correctly guessed the difference. Gallery's chief curator, Xavier Bray, said it was a 'fascinating experiment'
Mauro Vilhete opened the scoring for Barnet in the 25th minute. Vilhete doubled his tally in the second-half as Barnet clinched promotion back to the Football League after a two-year absence. The victory ensured Martin Allen's fourth spell in charge of the club would be his most successful.
Barnet beat Gateshead 2-0 to secure promotion to League Two. Manager Martin Allen says he knew they would win the title before the season started. The Bees will travel to Benidorm to celebrate their promotion on Wednesday.
Zenit St Petersburg striker Hulk attended the premiere of Avengers: Age of Ultron on Monday night. The 28-year-old recently signed a new long-term deal at Zenit until the end of the 2018-19 season. Hulk's previous deal, reportedly worth more than £5million a year, had been due to expire in summer 2017.
Demetrious Johnson retained his UFC flyweight title with a win over Kyoji Horiguchi in the main event in Montreal. The American controlled his opponent for nearly the entire five-round bout before scoring the submission win with a second left. Johnson successfully defended the title for the sixth time.
Floyd Mayweather and Manny Pacquiao will fight in Las Vegas on Saturday. Diddy and Mark Wahlberg placed a bet of $250,000 on the mega-fight. Boxer Adrien Broner revealed he will be putting down $10,000 on a stoppage.
Manchester City lost 1-0 at Old Trafford against fierce rivals United. Manuel Pellegrini's side are fourth in the Premier League table. City's failure to make any kind of serious progress reflects badly on English football, but the fault is with the club. They need to think bigger and drag themselves towards greatness.
England women's team are competing at the World Cup finals in Canada. They have never progressed beyond the quarter-finals in their three previous tournament appearances. Manchester City striker Toni Duggan has 11 goals in 16 games for her country.
Jamie Vardy scored the winner as Leicester City beat West Brom 2-1 on Saturday. Vardy was being criticised two years ago but is now a pivotal part of their team. The striker is the most expensive player ever to come from non-League football.
Christian Eriksen says Tottenham will struggle to attract top players if they miss out on qualifying for next season's Europa League. Spurs currently sit sixth in the Premier League, which is enough to qualify. The lack of Champions League football is seen as a barrier to signing top-class players for clubs of Tottenham's size. Eriksen says missing out on the Europa League would have the same effect.
Paris Saint-Germain are weighing up a £15million move for Andriy Yarmolenko. The Dinamo Kiev winger tormented Everton in their Europa League tie last month and has been watched by Liverpool in recent seasons. PSG are weighing up options with Manchester United refusing to budge on Angel di Maria.
Alastair Cook has been working on a new, more open stance with former England batting coach Graham Gooch over the past few months. But in the first Test against the West Indies, I think he overdid it. His front foot is slightly open but not too far past the line of leg stump. It means that he has a long way to go to get to off stump, and he doesn't have time to adjust to the delivery and set himself.
Tiger Woods finished in the top 20 at the Masters for the first time since 2013. Woods' best return since 2013 and many rated this as the best of several recent comebacks. Jordan Spieth beat Woods by seven shots on Sunday.
Tottenham scouts have watched Dynamo Kiev forward Andriy Yarmolenko. Yarmolenko is entering the final year of his contract in Ukraine. Paris Saint-Germain are also keeping tabs on the 25-year-old.
Manchester United fear Daniel Levy will play hardball in pursuit of Hugo Lloris. Spurs are determined to keep their No 1 at White Hart Lane and will put a £35million price tag on his head. The world record transfer fee for a goalkeeper is the £32.6m Juventus paid Parma for Gianluigi Buffon in 2001.
Leonardo Jardim put the finishing touches to Monaco's preparations on Tuesday. The French club are bidding to overturn a 1-0 deficit after defeat in the first leg in Turin last week. Dimitar Berbatov is convinced Monaco can reach the semi-final.
15-second clip shows 15-month-old Olivia strutting around the room. She arches her back and pushes out her belly while strutting past. Mum, American Teri O'Neil, 30, asks her: 'How does mama walk?'
Osman Yaya, 12, from Bennett Middle School in Salisbury, Maryland, moderated a town hall session with the president on Thursday. During an answer about writer's block, Obama started getting a little long-winded and Osman politely stepped in. Obama grinned and replied, 'Osman thinks I've been talking too long' 'No. I think you just...' Yahya hesitated. 'No. Let's move it along, I got you,' Obama agreed. Yaya also managed to skillfully tease details about Obama's early reading habits, his post-presidency plans and his facility with digital
Mazzy, who suffers from Spina Bifida, was on board a Southwest Airlines flight over the US when the entire airplane sang her happy birthday. She was moved to tears and Southwest Airlines plans to reward the staff members who made Mazzy's flight so special.
Florian Thauvin has been left out of Marseille's squad to face Metz. The 22-year-old has also been watched by Chelsea and Valencia. Marseille are already resigned to losing Andre Ayew and Andre-Pierre Gignac.
Uber driver was filmed by passengers as he sang along to a radio broadcast while driving in Boston, America. At first the driver lets the radio play before he begins singing along to the song in perfect tune. While looking around as he drives, the Uber worker continues to sing along to the song both in tune and word perfectly.
The incident took place in Olani village, in central India. The ward ran towards the leopard with his stick to protect his fellow villagers. He managed to strike the big cat on the head twice before it retaliated. After a few terrifying seconds, the leopard fled.
Baron the German Shepherd was captured in a video using the toilet. Five-month-old pup climbs up the toilet seat and hovers over it while relieving himself. After he's finished, he puts down both the toilet seat and flushes.
Bailey Murrill, of Denton, Texas, had been paralyzed for 11 days. Her favorite nurse came on shift and decided to surprise her by getting up. The nurse screamed with joy and then burst into tears as she hugged Bailey. The cause of the child's paralysis is not known.
The video was created by the Make it Fair Project, a group dedicated to promoting gender equality. In Hollywood, for example, 'only' 93 per cent of films in the past three years were directed by men, and only 80 per cent were written by them'
Liam Sandham, of Fleetwood, has gone viral with a work place prank. He films his unsuspecting friend sitting in the passenger seat. Liam moves a magnifying glass over the top of his friend's hand. Beam of sunlight can be seen dancing on the man's knuckles.
The video was uploaded to YouTube last week by Raymond Yeung. According to the description, the animal was discovered swimming in Shenzhen Reservoir in China's Sand Bay. The clip has sparked heated online debates over the species of the animal. Some users claim it is a mythical 'water monster' and others that it's a diseased Malaysian Bear.
Six real-life mothers and their children are blindfolded and asked to pick out their mother from a group of six women just by touch and scent. The video, called The Unique Connection, was created by Pandora to celebrate Mother's Day and the special bond between mother and child.
Reading University scientists say organic milk contains a third less iodine. Could affect infant brain growth and intelligence later in life, they say. Milk is main source of iodine in British diet - providing 40% of daily intake. Organic milk industry has issued a swift rebuttal to the study.
Shibu Inu was filmed at an American Kennel Club centre with husky. Pup began yapping, whining and barking at its new companion. People in the video can be seen laughing while mimicking dog's actions.
snowboarder in Japan is seen using a selfie stick to film himself in action. Snowboarder appears to make a success of the video on the slopes. But as he adjusts the camera, he is oblivious to the chairlift behind. The snowboarder is clattered over the head by the empty chair lift.
Harley Jolly, Tyson Barr and Nic Roy – known collectively as Slide Christchurch – filmed themselves descending New Zealand’s Dunedin’s Baldwin Street. The short clip opens with a warning message, before the riders take their position at the top of the hill. Point of view footage captures the lead rider reaching extreme speeds while descending the hill.
Tanguy Pepiot, a steeplechase runner for the University of Oregon, had a clear lead on Meron Simon, who competes for the University of Washington. But with less than 100m to go, Pepiot raised his hands in pre-emptive joy. The gesture seemed to sap some of his momentum, opening the way for Simon to speed towards the finish line and beat him by a tenth of a second.
Saskia, 17, aced the 'Arsenal exam' given by her boyfriend with a score of 43.5 out of 50 or 87 per cent. The post has since been retweeted 9,600 times, almost five times for each of her 1,900 or so followers. Her responses included ‘Sanchez is buff’ and that ‘he scores a lot of goals’
Sam the German Shepherd was filmed at home in Pennsylvania as he struggled to keep his eyes open while lying on the couch. Footage shows his head slowly dipping down before he suddenly wakes up and refocuses his energy.
Michael Bisping beat CB Dollaway on points at UFC 186 on Saturday. The Manchester middleweight was in action for the first time since losing to Luke Rockhold last year. All three judges gave Bisping the nod by a score of 29-28.
Carol Bennett-Chevereau from Quebec, Canada, filmed her pet moggy getting up to mischievous as he investigated a row of empty suitcases. But footage shows his adventuring took a turn for the worse with him plunging headfirst into one bag and struggling to get free.
Footage captured at a birthday party in China's Sichuan Province. Woman is placed across a plank of wood and holds two people up. She then begins lifting them up and down with her legs. The video concludes with guests standing and clapping the woman.
Mesut Ozil visited an Apple store on Thursday afternoon. The 26-year-old showed off his new Apple Watch on Instagram. The timepiece will be released on general sale on Friday. Arsenal host Chelsea in the Premier League at 4pm on Sunday.
Chris Smalling has signed a new three-year contract at Manchester United. The defender had been linked with a move to Arsenal. Smalling has become a regular starter under Louis van Gaal.
UFC light-heavyweight Jon Jones is wanted as a suspect in a hit-and-run accident. The 27-year-old is facing a misdemeanour hit-and-run charge related to an accident involving a pregnant woman, according to Albuquerque Police Department. If Jones is found to have caused the accident, he would be liable for damages to the vehicles involved and medical costs of the 20-something woman.
Pele and Franz Beckenbauer were reunited in New York on Friday. The pair played for New York Cosmos together in the 1970s. The club went bankrupt in the following years, and now call New York home. The pair turned the Empire State Building green ahead of the new season.
Hashim Amla will join Derbyshire next month for five matches. South Africa Test captain will play in T20 Blast and LV= County Championship. Amla will replace Martin Guptill, who has been called up for England series.
Baron the German Shepherd was filmed as he helped get the dishes done at home in California. Footage shows the pup reaching up and grabbing rinsed goods between his teeth before loading them into the dishwasher.
Around 30 RV-dwellers live in the SoDo (South of Downtown) area of Seattle on the weekends. John Warden, 52, has been living in his $200 vehicle for years since his apartment burned down and he was left homeless. Bud Dodson, 57, looks after the parking lot in exchange for a semi-permanent spot.
Allan Donald has confirmed he is to step down as South Africa bowling coach. The 48-year-old has served his country as part of the coaching team since 2011. Donald: 'I have had some time to reflect after the World Cup and have come to the conclusion that the time is right to move on'
Mo Farah will race over 1500 metres at the Sainsbury's Birmingham Grand Prix. Farah will step down in distance for the Diamond League event on June 7. The 32-year-old is unbeaten at the Alexander Stadium for seven years.
Researchers at the University of Washington studied the telerobot Raven II. They found that robots designed for surgery could be 'easily' hacked in to. This is because they are operated over public networks which allowed the researchers to access them and stop them working. During the experiment, an operator was asked to move blocks onto different pegs with the robot, but when the 'hackers' took control, the task proved difficult - or impossible.
Jia Jiang spent 100 days deliberately seeking out situations in which he was likely to be rejected. Instead of avoiding rejection, he would spend 100 days deliberately seeking out situations in which he was likely to be rejected.
The new version of the Audi's range-topping S line goes from 0 to 62 mph in 6.1 seconds. The manual version of the S line is available in manual or four-wheel drive.
Cui Hongfang, 73, died after she was knocked over by a Canadian tourist. Mrs Hongfang struck her head and lost consciousness at the Great Wall of China. The tourist, identified by Chinese media as Debra Fortin, was interviewed by police and ruled the death an accident. Mrs Hongfang's family filed a civil lawsuit against the tourist. The two sides have agreed on a compensation amount of £63,000 or USD$96,000.
Jimmy Abdou scored his first goal in two years to break deadlock. Wigan's Martyn Waghorn was sent off for kicking out at Dan Harding. Millwall's Ed Upson also saw red for his reaction. Magaye Gueye added a second goal in stoppage time.
Wolves defeated Wigan 1-0 in the Championship on Saturday. Benik Afobe scored the only goal of the game in the 25th minute. The result leaves the Latics on the verge of relegation. James McClean was sent off in injury time for a second bookable offence.
Sarah Weatherill, 31, became addicted to the energy drink in 2009. She was told if she cut down too quickly she could suffer a seizure. Her habit left her lethargic, depressed and constantly anxious. She spent £5460 a year on the drink - equivalent to £105-a-week. Mother-of-four claims she has been cured of her habit by hypnosis.
Michael Essien's Range Rover Vogue was stolen from his driveway. The car was one of three stolen in an early morning raid in Cobham. Two other vehicles, a Mercedes and a BMW, were stolen from a neighbour. Essien left Chelsea to join AC Milan in January 2014.
Thierry Henry believes Arsenal need to buy four new players this summer. Arsene Wenger will be looking to add to his squad ahead of the 2015-16 Premier League season. Petr Cech looks set to leave Chelsea after losing his No 1 spot to Thibaut Courtois. Bayer Leverkusen goalkeeper Bernd Leno is a target for Arsenal. Monaco midfielder Geoffrey Kondogbia would give Wenger an alternative to Francis Coquelin.
UFC light heavyweight champion Jon Jones was involved in a hit-and-run accident. The accident hospitalised a pregnant woman who broke her arm in the crash. Police were seeking an arrest warrant for Jones on Monday, saying he would likely face a felony charge of leaving the scene of an accident. Jones handed himself in later the same day, with TMZ reporting he was being held at Bernalillo County Metropolitan Detention Center.
Suge Knight is accused of running over Cle 'Bone' Sloan with his truck in a burger stand parking lot in January. Sloan was left with a broken leg and other injuries after the incident. Knight has pleaded not guilty to murder, attempted murder and hit-and-run. A judge ruled Thursday that there was enough evidence for Knight to stand trial.
Real Madrid manager Carlo Ancelotti will not rush into a decision on Javier Hernandez. The striker on loan from Manchester United has scored four goals in four for the Spanish giants. Up next for Real is Almeria at the Bernabeu on Wednesday night.
Real Madrid have 48 hours to make a decision on Javier Hernandez. The clock runs down on Madrid's first option to buy the Manchester United striker. Madrid coach Carlo Ancelotti said the club would take stock of Hernandez's situation at the end of the season.
Petra Wetzel, 40, is a divorcee who lives in Glasgow with her son, Noah. She set up her own business, the WEST brewery, in 2006. Her flagship beer, St Mungo lager, is stocked in 100 branches of Waitrose.
Randy Boehning, 52, has represented Fargo since 2002 and voted against an anti-discrimination bill in April. A 21-year-old gay man named Dustin Smith recognized Boehning as a Grindr user and took his story to the press. On Monday, Boehning came out and accused a Capitol employee of exposing him after he sent a photo of his penis to Smith.
Tony McCoy will race at Sandown on Saturday for the last time before he retires after a successful career. McCoy has 4,357 winning memories. Eddie Arcaro had 4,779, including five Kentucky Derbys.
Suge Knight laughed in court on Thursday as he revealed he hopes Floyd Mayweather will bail him out after winning his next fight. The rap mogul was refused an appeal to have his bail reduced from $10 million to $5 million as he awaits trial for murder and attempted murder. Despite walking confidently into court, he had to be carted out in a wheelchair as Judge Ronald Coen rejected his pleas. Knight's attorney Matthew Fletcher is confident part of that will come their way.
Michael and Rosalia Juskin had a 'history of domestic issues' according to Bergen County Prosecutor John L. Molinelli. A motive for the apparent murder-suicide on Sunday night had not yet been determined. A relative, who was not inside the home at the time of the killings, discovered the bodies Monday morning. Michael Juskin is one of the oldest people ever to be accused of homicide.
Former super middleweight champion Nigel Benn is back in the ring. The 51-year-old met up with Ricky Hatton earlier this week to discuss the possibility of the 'Hitman' training Benn's son Conor. Benn secured 22 straight knockouts in just over two years as a professional.
Cournswood House is in the south of Buckinghamshire – in ten acres of secluded woodlands in the picturesque village of North Dean. Wartime Naval cryptographer and Enigma codebreaker Dillwyn Knox bought it in 1921 and lived there until his death in 1943. Current owner, businesswoman Sharon Constancon, is related to the Leon family who once owned Bletchley Park.
Blaine Boudreaux, 34, charged with intoxication manslaughter, intoxicated assault and failure to stop and render aid involving death. Joshua Medrano, 6, who was riding in the passenger seat when police say Boudreaux ran a red light and plowed into her car, died at the hospital. Cynthia Medrano, the boy's mother, was hospitalized with a punctured lung and broken bones. Boudreaux is also accused of running a red light and killing homeless man Leonard Batiste, 61, several hours earlier.
Codpieces used in BBC's Wolf Hall were said to be too small. Cambridge academic Victoria Miller said they should have been double the size. Codpieces were used to 'draw the eye to the general region' in Henry VIII's court. Mark Rylance, who played Thomas Cromwell, blamed there size on a 'directive from our American producers'
Micah Richards' Manchester City contract expires at the end of the season. The defender has been on loan at Serie A side Fiorentina. Richards is available on a free transfer after being frozen out at City. The 26-year-old wants to return to the Premier League next season.
Nicholas Tooth, 25, was playing for the Quirindi Lions against the Narrabri Blue Boars in NSW on Saturday. He collapsed after hitting his head on an opponent's shoulder during a tackle. He was airlifted to Newcastle's John Hunter Hospital but died late on Sunday. Tributes have poured in for the young man, who was remembered as a 'great bloke' by friends.
Felice Herrig and Paige VanZant had to be pulled apart during the traditional staredown ahead of their strawweight clash. VanZant, at only 21 and with just five fights behind her, has already ruffled feathers after being one of a select few to sign an individual contract with Reebok. Herrig was clearly riled during the traditional staredown in Times Square.
Mel Greig has written an open letter to the media, warning of the harmful consequences of always seeking for a new angle on world events. The former 2Day FM co-host shot to notoriety in 2012 after a prank call during the Duchess of Cambridge's first pregnancy resulted in the death of the nurse who took the call. Greig asked, 'Have we not learnt enough from the royal prank call?' The 33-year-old declared that there was no need for a fresh angle on the birth, as the fact that a new baby was being born was sufficient.
Paige VanZant dominated from the first bell as she won by lop-sided points. The 21-year-old landed a number of heavy elbows to the head of Herrig. VanZant is one of the few UFC athletes to be awarded an individual contract with Reebok.
Andy Carroll is stepping up his return to fitness following knee surgery. The West Ham striker is currently in Dubai with his physio and his pregnant fiancee Billi Mucklow as he continues his recovery. The 26-year-old will not have a break over the summer.
Chelsea beat Manchester United 1-0 at Stamford Bridge on Saturday. Jose Mourinho has come under fire for his side's lack of possession. But the Blues are getting the job done at the end of the season.
Louis van Gaal is beginning to assert himself at Manchester United. The Dutchman knows he will not be judged on his ability to repair the damage done by David Moyes at the end of his Old Trafford stay. United need a quality right back - Nathaniel Clyne has been linked. Mats Hummels of Borussia Dortmund is a player who would be perfect for United. Wayne Rooney's quality and contribution as United captain is never up for debate.
Martin Odegaard joined Real Madrid for £2.3million in January. The 16-year-old signed a long-term £40,000 a week contract with the club. Odegaard was dropped from Real Madrid Castilla earlier this month.
David Raven scored the winner for Inverness Caledonian Thistle in the Scottish Cup semi-final against Celtic at Hampden Park. The 30-year-old was released by Shrewsbury and Tranmere in recent years. Celtic should be ashamed of themselves after they wrote to the SFA complaining about a penalty they weren't awarded against Inverness. Scottish football needs wiping out and starting again.
Predator looked to be getting in difficulty as she struggled to take down the tall animal. But the reason for her tenacity soon became apparent as she had precious cubs to feed. Dramatic scenes were witnessed by researcher Brent Stapelkamp in Hwange National Park, Zimbabwe.
Chevrolet has confirmed to Daily Mail Online that the Baltimore Police Department's standard-issue police van does not come with a bolt sticking out from the back door. A spokesman said that law enforcement agencies are known to customise their own vehicles and that the Baltimore Police Department may have done so to their fleet. The development raises a number of questions about the official account put out by the force which emerged today in a report of its internal investigation into Gray's death.
Stoke City are interested in signing Sampdoria midfielder Pedro Obiang. The 23-year-old Spaniard is available for around £6million. Chief executive Tony Scholes was understood to be in the stands as Sampdoria played out a 1-1 draw with Verona.
A phallic shaped cloud appeared last week in Zuccoli, 25km southeast from Darwin. Labourer Noeleen Foster snapped the precipitation from the civil construction site where she works. It's not the first natural phallic phenomenon though: last June, a 48-year-old nature photographer captured another famous penis cloud.
Men in the ads have something of the Don Draper from hit series Mad Men about them...albeit with a decade added on. Like a time capsule from the era, the fashions are perfectly preserved. The men generally seem to be sporting thick moustaches (that many a modern-day hipster might covert) and almost always on their arm is an attractive lady.
A Baltimore police officer was pictured Monday night lobbing a piece of rock back at protesters while his fellow cops looked on. Fifteen officers were injured in the violent clashes over the death of Freddie Gray.
Marlon Samuels grafted his way to 103 against England in second Test. Phil Simmons is trying to instil discipline and character in West Indies team. There is no easy option during five hard-fought days in Test cricket.
Floyd Mayweather has dismissed Conor McGregor's recent comments. The boxer said the UFC fighter is just trying to get publicity. Mayweather will fight Manny Pacquiao in less than two weeks time.
Philip Lyle Hansen, 56, has pleaded not guilty to 11 charges, including unlawful sexual connection and charges of wounding with intent to injure four women between 1988 and 2011. A woman, 47, has claimed Hansen 'grabbed the screwdriver and started digging at the back of my gums to try and get out these wisdom teeth' During cross-examination defence lawyer Mike Antunovic said the woman had let Hansen pull out six teeth from her lower jaw.
31-year-old musician filmed in front of machine guns and burning buildings. Called himself 'Volcano' and studies English translation at Benghazi University. Wearing expensive boots, jeans, baseball jacket, sunglasses and trainers. Rapping in Arabic, Volcano is pictured holding large assault rifle.
NSW's Community Services Minister Brad Hazzard said it was a'very likely possibility' the plan would be implemented in the near future. He said the annual bill for repairs and maintenance on taxpayer-funded housing had hit $12 million. Mr Hazzard added public housing tenants were already liable for damage but 'they don't have the money'
Peter Costello slammed the Abbott government, describing its approach to taxation as a'morbid joke' The Abbott government is due to deliver its second budget on May 12. Assistant Treasurer Josh Frydenberg praised Mr Costello as a'very distinguished' former treasurer, but said the government had reduced the overall tax take.
Teana Walsh, an assistant prosecutor in Wayne County, Michigan, posted the comment after seeing the riots in Baltimore, Maryland. She said: 'I don't care what causes the protestors to turn violent...what the "they did it because" reason is... no way is this acceptable' At least 15 people voiced their approval by 'liking' the comment.
James Houlder booked an all-inclusive holiday to the Sonesta Beach Resort. He and his girlfriend became violently ill with food poisoning on holiday. Mr Houlder has since developed Irritable Bowel Syndrome (IBS) He is still suffering symptoms nine months on and has taken time off work.
Stone tools were used by people in south and west Europe and west Asia. They were no more effective than Neanderthal-created tools of the same era. Discovery means we may need to rethink the reasons humans survived Neanderthals - and that we may not have behaved as differently as we thought.
Obese Georgia Davis, 22, had to be lifted out of her home in Aberdare. Seven-hour operation involved two cranes, seven police cars, two fire engines and 11 medics. First crane proved not strong enough to lift the patient. A larger crane had to be summoned which necessitated closing half-a-mile of the main road for an hour.
Former Indonesian army general Prabowo Subianto promised to publicly support the Indonesian president if he granted clemency to Australians Andrew Chan and Myuran Sukumaran. Mr Prabowo penned a letter to Mr Joko at the weekend in which he said that if the president were to 'postpone the executions indefinitely', he would come out in support of the decision. This comes after a senior Indonesian government official praised the firing squad that executed Bali Nine pair and six other convicted drug traffickers. Indonesian attorney-general H.M. Prasetyo said the executions would serve as a warning to others.
Earth's continents are slowly moving together, and in 50 to 200 million years they are expected to form a new supercontinent called Amasia. Curtin University geologist Dr Zheng-Xiang Li travelled to Nepal to study the collision of the Indian and Eurasian plates. Using new techniques - namely high-resolution seismic tomography, geographical information systems and increased computing power - scientists are able to track these changes in unprecedented ways. They can compare them to previous supercontinents Rodinia and Pangaea, which formed one billion and 300 million years ago.
Manchester United scouts watched Jackson Martinez last week. The 28-year-old striker wants to leave Portugal this summer. Martinez scored as Porto beat Bayern Munich 3-1 in the Champions League. CLICK HERE for all the latest Manchester United news.
Elon Musk introduced the Powerwall device at a press conference in California last night and said the technology could 'change the world' Powerwall is three feet wide and four feet tall, weighs 220lbs, and can be installed on an outside or inside wall. The technology powers up overnight when electricity rates are cheaper. Users can then switch the battery on during the day to use the home during the day. The 'daily use' version has a capacity of 7 kilowatt-hours, which is around a quarter of a home's daily usage.
England Women's Under 19s beat Northern Ireland 9-1. Natasha Flint bagged a first-half hat-trick. Mo Marley's side can only qualify for this summer's Euro finals.
Alastair Cook scored 76 in England's first innings on day three in Grenada. The England captain's innings was spot on, particularly in the first hour. But he frustratedly was out playing Shannon Gabriel on for 76. Cook's problem has been opponents stopping him scoring in areas where he has always been prolific.
Toya Graham, a single mother-of-six, was caught on camera whacking her 16-year-old son Michael, pulling off his ski mask and chasing him down the street. The riots broke out following the death of 25-year-old Freddie Gray earlier this month who died of a spinal cord injury after being taken into custody by Baltimore police. Graham's actions have drawn praise from moms across the country along with the Baltimore police chief.
Two incidents have raised concerns about security of shipping lanes. On April 24, Iranian patrol boats 'harassed' a US-flagged ship. Four days later, Iranian boats forced a Marshall Islands-flagged ship to Iran's Larak Island after firing warning shots across the bows and boarding the vessel. Iran has said it seized control of the container ship due to a commercial dispute with Denmark's giant Maersk group.
Model, 65, models summer range for high street store. Says she hasn't had any cosmetic surgery but is against Botox. Is embracing longer locks and will not be pressured into cutting them short.
Chris Ramsey is the only black manager in the Premier League. John Barnes claimed that black managers find it hard to get a job after being sacked. Ramsey believes that the implementing of a Rooney Rule could help raise awareness of the issue.
The Versace designer is best friends with Givenchy's Riccardo Tisci, and the two have been photographed together before. This is Donatella's first campaign for another designer.
Former heavyweight boxing champion David Haye was stopped at Dubai airport. He was questioned over a £341,000 bounced cheque, it has been reported. The cheque was meant to be a final payment on a newly-built property. Haye has said the 'bounced' cheque was down to an 'administrative error' He has been unable to leave the United Arab Emirates and handed over his passport. Had been due to attend a mixed martial arts event in Birmingham on Saturday.
Joe Root has responded brilliantly to being left out of last year's Sydney Test. The young batsman has been superb in his middle-order role for England. Root is a natural No 3 but should not be moved up the batting card. Alastair Cook has shown the danger of making your best player captain.
Raheem Sterling was pictured on social media smoking a shisha pipe. The 20-year-old recently snubbed a £100,000-a-week contract offer from Liverpool. Jack Wilshere was involved in a smoking controversy back in February.
LA Kings player Jarret Stoll was arrested in Las Vegas last week. He is accused of tying to smuggle cocaine and MDMA, or'molly', into the MGM Grand hotel. Henderson tweeted Andrews: 'lol wassup with your boyfriend' He was suspended in 2013 for allegedly failing a drugs test.
The serpent like specimen was found by a local man at the entrance of the Otago Harbour, in Dunedin on Thursday. Samples of the deep sea fish, known to swim vertically as well as self-amputate its own tail, were sent to see Otago Museum for testing. Scientists have been unable to explain why they self-amputate, but some have proposed it is a form of protection.
Anders Lindegaard posted a picture of himself and Misse Beqiri on Instagram. The Danish international has struggled for playing time at Manchester United. Beqiri, who has Albanian roots, regularly posts modelling photos on Instagram.
Lance Armstrong admits groups such as WADA, USADA and others are 'owed an apology' from him for cheating during his cycling career. WADA director general David Howman said he was disappointed Armstrong had not apologised for costly and time-consuming lawsuits before the former cycling champion admitted using performance-enhancing drugs. Armstrong won the Tour de France every year from 1999-2005.
Independent Commission for Reform in Cycling (CIRC) report concluded that under Hein Verbruggen's leadership, the UCI had colluded with Lance Armstrong to cover up allegations the seven-times Tour de France winner had doped. Verbruggen has written to all UCI board members saying he has put the'scandalously biased' report into the hands of Swiss lawyers.
Patrick Vieira has been part of Manchester City's coaching team since he retired. The former Arsenal midfielder is set to complete his UEFA Pro Licence this summer. Vieira has been taking his coaching badges with the Welsh Football Association.
Manchester United lost 3-0 to Everton at Goodison Park on Sunday. Louis van Gaal needs to strengthen his midfield in the summer. Borussia Dortmund's Ilkay Gundogan and Sven Bender would be ideal additions. Henrikh Mkhitaryan would also bring instant reward for Van Gaal.
Arsenal drew 0-0 with Chelsea at the Emirates on Sunday. Mesut Ozil has been in fine form in recent weeks. But the German failed to live up to his £42m tag on Sunday.
Chief executive Mike Coupe, 53, convicted of embezzlement last September. Former business partner Amr el-Nasharty accused him of trying to seize money. Court has now sentenced him to two years behind bars in Egypt. Crime relates to Sainsbury's disastrous venture in Middle East 16 years ago.
Barcelona legend Carles Puyol is said to be training with a view to ending his retirement from football. The 36-year-old could join up with former team-mate Xavi, who is expected to move to Qatar with Al-Sadd. Puyol won six La Liga titles and three Champions Leagues at Barca.
Russian man was filming a documentary in snow-covered mountains. He was struck by a falling icicle, causing a blood clot and a swelling. He decided to perform surgery on himself while lying in the snow. Used items in his first aid kit which included a gas lamp, a scalpel, surgical string, a needle holder and a curved needle. Ten days later the seams were removed and the wound healed completely.
Rickie Lambert should have joined Aston Villa in January. Brendan Rodgers told Lambert he didn't want him to move. Lambert has scored for Liverpool in the Premier League and Champions League. Mario Balotelli, no matter how you look at it, has been useless.
Researchers at Yahoo Labs in California have created a sensor that can recognise the shape of your ear. Called Bodyprint, the technology turns a standard touchscreen into a biometric scanner. This removes the need to specialist hardware such as fingerprint readers. To accept an incoming call, users would only need to press their ear against the phone. This means that just gripping the phone could unlock it for you. During tests with 12 participants, Bodyprint classified body parts with 99.98 per cent accuracy and identified users with 99.52 per cent accuracy.
SsangYong is launching a new sports utility vehicle from under £13,000. The Tivoli SUV is powered by 1.6 litre Euro 6 petrol and diesel engines. It arrives in the UK this summer in three trim levels - SE, EX, ELX.
Toby Huntington-Whiteley, 25, stars in summer campaign for Jacamo. The personal trainer is joined by cricketer Freddie Flintoff, 37. The campaign was shot in Palma, Majorca.
The robots, collectively called Avert, are the creation of a European consortium led by the Democritus University of Thrace in Greece. They are fitted with on-board sensors, including two lasers and a digital camera. The sensors help the Avert tool move the vehicle without human intervention, while avoiding obstacles. Researchers envisage the system being used by the police to remove suspicious vehicles from within buildings.
Russian space agency, Roscosmos, is attempting to regain control of a spaceship that is spinning out of control in orbit. Progress M-27M appears to have suffered a major malfunction moments after launch at 3:09 a.m. EDT (07:09 GMT) from Kazakhstan. It was due to dock with the ISS six hours after take off, but that plan has now been 'indefinitely abandoned' Nasa's Mission Control reported that a video camera on Progress showed it to be spinning at a 'rather significant rate'
Taline Gabrielian, 33, of Sydney's Northern Beaches has recreated the entire range of chocolate bar favourites. She published the recipes through her best-selling food app, Hippie Lane. The Hippie Lane app consistently sits in the top three of'most popular food and drink' apps on iTunes.
Matthew Colvin, 26, was behind bars on Tuesday in Southhaven, Mississippi, and will be extradited back to Memphis on Wednesday. The glasses, valued at more than $2,000, had been taken out of a display case during business hours at the Memphis Rock n' Soul Museum. Colvin faces up to 12 years in prison for the theft.
The Salt card is designed to end the tiresome task of manually unlocking a smartphone or tablet by automatically making it come to life whenever the user is nearby. Credit card-sized gadget also locks devices again as soon as a user moves out of range at a distance of 10 feet (three metres) Salt connects to an app on a user’s Android handset or iPhone via Bluetooth. It also tells them if they have strayed too far from their wallet, where the firm suggests the Salt card is stored.
WBA super-middleweight champion Carl Froch was due to fight Julio Cesar Chavez Jnr in Las Vegas this month. But Froch was forced to pull out with a shoulder injury. Chavez faces Andrzej Fonfara at a catchweight of 172lb on Saturday.
The original poster, from online fitness company Protein World, has been subject to much controversy. Feminists and body image campaigners have branded the campaign body-shaming. Transport for London are in the process of removing the ad. Now internet pranksters have hit back with their own version of the poster.
Fabio Lovato, 30, proposed to his girlfriend Laura Knight, 29, in a cinema. Fabio created a video showcasing pictures from their time together in Australia. The film was played at the end of the trailers of Fast and Furious 7. Fabio got down on one knee and popped the question to his shocked girlfriend.
When threatened, the Bombardier beetle can then repeatedly fire streams of foul-smelling liquid from its rear, complete with 'gun smoke' This behaviour has been caught on camera by Wendy Moore and her colleagues at the University of Arizona. They studied the anatomy of the beetle's reaction chamber, which is constructed of cuticle, a composite of chitin, proteins and waxes. The material, which also makes up the exoskeleton of insects, protects the beetle from the toxic chemicals, high temperatures and high pressures during explosions.
The Rubber Bowl in Akron, Ohio, was built in 1939 and it served as the home for the University of Akron's football team for 68 years. The stadium also hosted acts like Three Dog Night, Ringo Starr, Black Sabbath, Simon & Garfunkel, Alice Cooper, Bon Jovi, Tom Petty, Bob Dylan, The Grateful Dead and Aretha Franklin. The team played its first game at the stadium in 1940, the year after it was built, and finished their season there in November of 2008. The stadium was closed in 2009 when the Zips moved into InfoCision Stadium and has sat empty ever since
Andre Ward will fight Paul Smith on June 20 in Oakland, California. The fight will not be for Ward's WBA world super-middleweight title. Smith has failed in back-to-back challenges for Arthur Abraham's WBO belt.
Jason Matthews, 40, left his Saab 93 in side street on way to race. When he finished race he was unable to remember where he had parked it. Spent hours searching for car before enlisting help of a taxi driver. Good Samaritan Adam Coppin, 32, decided to give up his day off to help. Mr Coppin found the car safe and sound in an office car park in Salford Quays.
Video footage shows the friendly feline named Kit letting the four newborn Chihuahuas nuzzle her fluffy belly. The pups were apparently discovered in a discarded shoe box on Tuesday afternoon and taken to the Humane Society for immediate treatment. A note on the cardboard container, left on a woman's car, indicated they were born last Friday and their mother had died.
England beat West Indies by an innings and 47 runs in the second Test. The key to England going one-up was the captaincy and batting of Alastair Cook. Cook seems to be on top of the big two senior bowlers in James Anderson and Stuart Broad.
Jack Grealish was pictured inhaling nitrous oxide through a balloon. The 19-year-old has assured manager Tim Sherwood he will not repeat his mistake. Raheem Sterling, 20, and Saido Berahino, 21, have been pictured doing the same recently.
Jordan Meikle stopped mid-race to ask his girlfriend to marry him. The 23-year-old was filmed approaching the spectator's barriers. While stretching, he removes a ring box from a bag around his waist. He then produces the ring from behind his back and kisses his partner.
Australian Prime Minister Tony Abbott thrilled players at a Sydney AFL club function by skolling a beer. Mr Abbott was asked to have a drink by University of Technology Sydney Bats coach Simon Carradous. It appeared to take the Prime Minister about six seconds to down the schooner, as players chanted'skol' and 'Tony'
Exotic pet owner Kayonna Cole filmed the moment her tarantula bit her. The rose hair spider digs its fangs into her skin before pinching her hand. Kayonna suffered a reaction to the spider's venom but said it was not painful.
Police search west London community centre and the home of a director. Burnell Mitchell, 61, is a trustee at the centre where Abdul Hadi Arwani used to preach. Mr Arwani, 48, was found shot dead in his car in Wembley last week. Leslie Cooper, 36, appeared in court yesterday charged with murder.
The fear of retirement is going to get worse in a month or a year, says AP McCoy. There is a bucket list of things he wants to do now his life is no longer welded to the pursuit of riding perfection. Seeing his beloved Arsenal in the FA Cup final as well as next season, travelling to watch them in Europe.
The cute calf had been taking a stroll through the bush with his mother at Idube Game Reserve in South Africa. When the pair came across a dirt track road, the adult strolled on ahead confidently. But when the baby elephant rushed to catch her up he appeared to get his leg caught in the grass.
Tony McCoy won his 4,000th race on board Mountain Tune at Wetherby in 2013. No modern sportsman can match the dominance of McCoy. He outstrips darts world champion Phil Taylor by almost 200 weeks.
Custom-built Boeing 747 is believed to have cost its owner £400million over a three-year period. Jumbo jet would normally carry as many as 600 passengers but this version was built for just a single tycoon.
Liam Ridgewell writes his second column for Sportsmail with the 2015 Major League Soccer season well under way in the United States. The 30-year-old discusses his family's visits to Portland, coming up against Orlando City's Brazilian star Kaka and the upcoming clash against fierce rivals Seattle Sounders.
Baby elephant shows off its playful side by trampling over its mother. Footage was captured on camera by a visitor to ABQ BioPark Zoo in Albuquerque. Young elephant climbs onto its mother's neck and tries to get its balance. The 22-year-old Asian elephant remains incredibly docile throughout.
The Fulton County medical examiner's office identified the woman as 25-year-old Alexia Christian. The incident happened on Thursday afternoon near the Fulton County Courthouse in downtown Atlanta. Police were investigating a call about a stolen car when the two officers saw Christian sitting inside the vehicle in a parking deck. At one point she fired at least two shots at the officers, and they returned fire, fatally wounding her.
Lada's 4x4 Niva has long been the car that bucked the trend of laughing at the Russian carmaker. The Niva is a highly capable, ruftytufty 4x4 from Russia. It is also available in a compact van format (£10,590, excluding VAT and road tax)
A photo has been taken of a man-sized kangaroo flexing his massive guns while hugging a soft toy bunny. Roger, an alpha male at the Alice Springs Kangaroo Sanctuary, was gifted his new friend by a fan. The kangaroo quickly became attached to the bunny, but soon tired of it.
Jessica McCarty is accused of killing her three children - seven-year-old Lacey, six-year-old Phillip and five-month-old Christopher. Her partner, Christopher Swist, was on a break at the time of the alleged killings. Swist said he had a great bond with the children, calling Lacey 'Chick', Christopher 'Toe Toe' and Phillip 'Smash' He also coached the two oldest children in little league baseball. McCarty still faces three counts of first-degree murder for the incident.
Hector Morejon was shot by a Long Beach, California, police officer, who allegedly thought the 19-year-old was pointing a gun at him during a trespassing and vandalism incident. According to her attorney, his mother, Lucia Morejon, was at home when she heard the shots. 'When he saw her, he propped himself partially up and cried to her, 'Mommy, Mommy, please come, please come!''her attorney's statement said.
Sportsmail counts down the 20 greatest shots ever seen at Augusta National. Arnold Palmer is the first man to birdie both the final two holes to win the Masters in 1960. Phil Mickelson holed his six-iron from off the straw for eagle on 2010.
Stella, 24, was born to Northern Irish parents Stella Maynes and Maurice Maxwell, who worked as a diplomat. Born in Belgium and was raised there until she was 13. Currently lives in Los Angeles and models for Victoria's Secret.
Medical and law enforcement sources briefed on the police investigation told ABC News Gray's 'catastrophic' head injuries were consistent with hitting a bolt 'in the back door of the van' They claimed there was 'no evidence' Gray sustained a fatal spine injury during his arrest, which was caught on camera on a street side on April 12.
The video was recorded in Auckland, New Zealand. Like Dumb and Dumber, the fly becomes attached to the frozen food. The video maker intervenes and sets the fly free with a little prod.
Saige, five, from the US, says she's had enough of living with her mother. Tells her mother she will move out and stay with her mother's best friend. Mother laughs at her daughter and says: 'No you're not'
Shanghai hosted its first Chinese Grand Prix in 2004 and has been home to the event ever since. Fernando Alonso won the race in 2006 ahead of then-unbeaten team-mate Giancarlo Fisichella. Michael Schumacher collided with Christijan Albers' Minardi while driving out the pit-lane to the grid before the start of the 2005 race.
The Formula One circus comes to an end in Bahrain this weekend as the Chinese Grand Prix is held. Bahrain was the first country in the middle east to hold a Grand Prix but it has been rocked by a number of issues in recent years. National protests led to the event being cancelled in 2011, with many questioning whether Sakhir should be holding a Grand Prix from a political stand point. Sportsmail takes a look back at our favourite images through the Sakhir archives.
Lewis Hamilton won the Bahrain Grand Prix ahead of Kimi Raikkonen. It was the Briton's third victory in four races this season. Mercedes team-mate Nico Rosberg finished third ahead of Sebastian Vettel.
Sportsmail counts down the 20 greatest shots ever seen at the Masters. Mark O'Meara's hole-in-one in 1998 is included in Nos 20-11. Seve Ballesteros, Phil Mickelson and Nick Faldo also feature.
Lewis Hamilton won the Chinese Grand Prix to extend his lead at the top of the Formula One world championship. Nico Rosberg finished second with Ferrari's Sebastian Vettel third. Rosberg accused Hamilton of deliberately slowing down during the race to allow him to pass him.
Surrey's Zafar Ansari has been called up to England's ODI squad. The 23-year-old left-handed batsman and left-arm spinner also has an eye on a career in academia one day. Ansari graduated from Cambridge two years ago with a double first in politics and sociology.
Nicklas Bendtner was not included in Wolfsburg's squad for Sunday's match against Schalke. The Denmark international arrived late for training on Friday. Manager Dieter Hecking said Bendtner would have started the match if he hadn't turned up late.
Family were visiting Henry Doorley Zoo in Omaha, Nebraska. The little girl was seen beating her chest at a mountain gorilla. But the massive animal decided enough was enough and ran at the onlookers. He then launched himself at the glass, cracking it and sending the family fleeing.
Manager Eddie Howe prefers the away fans not to be behind one of the goals. Premier League rules state clubs must give away fans 10 per cent of their overall allocation of tickets for away supporters. Bournemouth officials are considering doubling the South Stand from its current 2,500 seats to 5,000, taking the whole capacity to just less than 15,000.
Raheem Sterling, Daniel Sturridge, Simon Mignolet and Martin Skrtel presented Liverpool's new 2015/16 home kit at Anfield. US sports brand New Balance struck a record-breaking £300million four-year kit deal to replace sister company Warrior as Liverpool's suppliers. The new gingham design is the first offering from US sports brand New Balance.
Liverpool have released their new kit for the 2015-16 season with New Balance supplying the strip. The Merseyside club have been using Warrior for the last three seasons. Sportsmail pick five of our favourite strips from over the years.
Manchester United are expected to jet across the Atlantic in July for a trip of around 12 days. The club's existing deal with Nike runs until the end of July. There is no buy-out clause in Nike deal that ends in July. adidas are the new sponsors in a £750million deal but there is no buy-out clause in Nike deal that ends in July.
West Ham have announced a five-year kit deal with Umbro. The Hammers will wear Umbro kits for their final season at Upton Park. Umbro produced the first-ever West Ham replica kits in the 1960s.
Fans group AshleyOut.com was behind last Sunday's boycott of the 3-1 defeat at home to Tottenham. At least 10,000 supporters stayed away from St James' Park for the club's last home game against Spurs. The supporters' group have asked fans to stand in the 34th minute of Saturday's match against Swansea.
Bon Apetit have revealed the best way to revive a stale loaf of bread. Run it under the tap then put it in the oven for 6-7 minutes. For a large loaf put it in the oven for 12 to 13 minutes. Nutritionist Luvisa Nilsson says it works but you must eat it the same day.
Manchester United will play four games in the USA this summer. They will face Club America, San Jose Earthquakes, Barcelona and PSG. United travelled about 13,500 miles for the 2014 International Champions Cup. Louis van Gaal was unhappy with the amount of travelling last year. CLICK HERE for all the latest Manchester United news.
Ben Stokes has forged a reputation as a fiery character in the England team. He clashed with Marlon Samuels during the second Test between West Indies and England. Stokes must not try to live up to his reputation and become pigeon-holed.
Chelsea will play PSG in a pre-season friendly in North Carolina on July 25. The Blues will also face the New York Red Bulls and Barcelona. Chelsea will play Fiorentina at Stamford Bridge on August 5.
The most searched for term globally is HIV and AIDS, followed by herpes and then Human Papilloma Virus (HPV) which can cause cervical cancer. In the UK, chlamydia seemed to cause most concern, and is incidentally the most commonly diagnosed STD in the country. However, in the US herpes was the most searched for term across the country, with Georgia being the state with the most searches for the virus. In Europe, Norway came out as what the maps called a 'herpes hotspot' generating the most searches per capita, followed by Montenegro.
Daniel Sturridge, Javier Hernandez and David Luiz all express their beliefs. Some Premier League players don't believe it's OK to pray at a football ground. If you're Christian, it's OK to pray at a football ground. If you're Muslim, it's not.
Chris Ramsey is the only black manager in the Premier League. Ramsey is a fine coach who has been overlooked for countless jobs. John Barnes suggested a manager on a bad run will get sacked sooner if he’s black.
Floyd Mayweather has commissioned a mouthguard stuffed with $100 bills. Mayweather has just spent $300,000 on yet another vehicle, according to his favourite website TMZ. Andre Ward's overdue ring comeback will be taking place in his California hometown on June 20.
Pattie Boyd has tied the knot for the third time, this time with Rod Weston. She was famously married to both George Harrison and Eric Clapton in the past. Friends of the couple, who live in Kensington, feared they would never tie the knot.
Raheem Sterling is yet to sign a new contract at Liverpool. The 20-year-old told the BBC that he has not been cleared with the club. But the content of what he said was hardly incendiary. Sterling is not the kind of person to shout the odds. The relationship with a player is a business transaction.
Kell Brook will defend his world welterweight title against Frankie Gavin at London's O2 Arena on May 20. Amir Khan is set to fight Chris Algieri in New York on the same night. Khan's father Shah says Brook's promoter Eddie Hearn has been disrespectful.
Floyd Mayweather will take on Manny Pacquiao at the MGM Grand on Saturday. Mayweather is the undisputed world champion. He is better than Muhammad Ali and Sugar Ray Robinson ever were, Mayweather said this week. Mayweather has fought the best fighters of his generation, Pacquiao aside, and beaten every one of them.
James Anderson needs just three wickets to go level with Sir Ian Botham as England's top Test wicket taker. Anderson has always been at his best when allowed to bowl his natural away-swinging deliveries. England face the West Indies in the first Test in Antigua on Monday.
John Terry's reading of the game is better than ever this season. Terry's decision-making is excellent and he waits for the perfect moment. Arsenal's tempo dropped after the break against Chelsea. If Danny Welbeck had played through the middle his pace could have unsettled Chelsea.
Chelsea take on Arsenal at Stamford Bridge on Sunday. The game is billed as Beauty v the Beast, but Wenger can't be underestimated. Wenger's philosophy has made Arsenal popular, but Mourinho finds any way to win. Chelsea have conceded just two goals in their last six clashes with Arsenal.
Sami Khedira is a free agent after leaving Real Madrid in the summer. Manchester United and Chelsea are interested in signing the German midfielder. Inter Milan are keen on signing Stevan Jovetic and are also keen on Yaya Toure. Radamel Falcao could be heading back to Monaco from Manchester United.
Paul Pogba and his representatives have met PSG president Nasser Al Khelaifi. Sevilla are weighing up a move for Manchester City winger Jesus Navas. Yaya Toure remains Inter Milan's main transfer target for the summer. Stoke have made an enquiry about Yevhen Konoplyanka.
Floyd Mayweather and Manny Pacquiao will be weighed on Friday. Fans will be charged for admission to the weigh-in in Las Vegas. Mayweather and Pacquiao will be required to weigh not more than 10st 7lbs. The winner will unify the WBC (Mayweather) and WBO (Pacquiao) world welterweight titles.
In recent years Aston Villa have struggled to compete but they are a proper club. When I left Arsenal for Villa it was because I felt they shared similar traits - tradition, history and both took pride of place in their communities. Tim Sherwood has invigorated this side and you can feel that improvement in their performances.
Ander Herrera has been in fine form for Manchester United this season. Barcelona are interested in signing him as a replacement for Xavi. Manchester United and Stoke City had scouts at Pacos de Ferreira. Liverpool will reject Manchester City's proposals for Jordan Henderson. Javier Hernandez is poised to turn down overtures from Orlando City.
Spain won the European Championships for a second time in a row in 2012 before their World Cup failure. Three trophies later, the senior team is finally in search of a reboot. Xavi, Carles Puyol, Xabi Alonso, Carlos Marchena and Joan Capdevila have done their hard miles and can now hand over. The natural place to look for fresh, young, well-drilled recruits ready to take on the world is in the Academy graduates.
Marseille host Paris Saint-Germain at the Stade Velodrome on Sunday night. The Dockers are Ligue 1 top scorers and two points behind PSG. But the match pitches Marseille’s ultra-eccentric ferocity, ‘is he a fraud/is he a genius?’ coach, Marcelo Bielsa. Bielsa’s deal is for two years, but a ‘break’ clause is available to either side in June.
Patrick Vieira could be next in line to replace Manuel Pellegrini. The Frenchman has worked with some of the best managers in the business. Vieira has learned from Arsene Wenger, Fabio Capello and Jose Mourinho.
Jack Grealish has become the third top flight starlet caught on camera inhaling nitrous oxide. Grealish starred for Aston Villa in their FA Cup semi-final win over Liverpool. At Arsenal, Arsene Wenger said as professional athletes we had a duty to look after our bodies.
Porto's fans were co-ordinated in blue and white as they beat Bayern. Shivnarine Chanderpaul and Steve Davis are still going strong at the age of 40. Alastair Cook's struggles with the bat have continued in England's first Test.
Arsenal and Chelsea drew 0-0 at the Emirates on Sunday afternoon. Jose Mourinho and Arsene Wenger were not in a combative mood in their pre match interviews. Thierry Henry found himself getting mildly bad cop/bad copped by Jamie Carragher and Graeme Souness.
Jack Wilshere is a target for Manchester City's director of football Txiki Begiristain. The 23-year-old has not played a first-team game for Arsenal since November 22. Wilshere is on the list of Txiki Begiristain, City's director of football. Wilshere has always maintained that he wants to remain at Arsenal for the rest of his career.
Australia's Cricket World Cup triumph was well-known in Italy. New ECB chief Colin Graves is thinking about four-day Test cricket. England netball coach Tracey Neville has worked her way to the top. Kevin Sinfield is finding it tough switching codes from League to Union. Rickie Lambert's move to Liverpool has ruined him. Phil Jones needs to improve quickly at Manchester United.
Chris Smalling has been at the forefront of Manchester United's resurgence. Marlon Samuels' salute to Ben Stokes was funny. Bayern Munich's Thomas Muller led the celebrations with a loudhailer. Steven Gerrard turned in a poor display against Aston Villa.
Carlo Ancelotti is starting to feel the pressure at Real Madrid. His team have lost almost one out of every three matches in 2015. Atletico Madrid have beaten Real seven times in 11 derbies this season.
Oscar has failed to start or finish a full 90 minutes in last 11 games. The Brazilian has not completed a Barclays Premier League match since the 5-0 victory at Swansea City, where he scored twice. Oscar has been substituted or been named substitute in 10 of Chelsea’s last 11 fixtures.
Arsenal beat Liverpool 4-1 in the Premier League clash at the Emirates. Harry Redknapp was in fine form as a pundit for BT Sport's coverage. Redknapp was quick to criticise Daniel Sturridge's performance.
Charley Hull is the best teenage golfer in Britain. The 19-year-old possesses the same 'wow' factor as world No 1 Rory McIlroy. Hull is part of a group that includes rookie Ariya Jutanugarn and American Lexi Thompson.
Arsenal beat Reading 2-1 in the FA Cup semi-final on Saturday. Liverpool defeated Aston Villa 1-0 in the other semi-final on Sunday. Wembley Stadium was a great setting for this weekend's clashes.
Jordan Spieth has competed in four events in a row since winning the Masters. The new Masters champion shows his commitment to the sport. Ian Poulter, Henrik Stenson and Sergio Garcia have decided not to play at Wentworth. Sir Nick Faldo will play in his last Open at St Andrews this summer.
Gareth Bale could be sold by Real Madrid as they pursue a deal for Marco Reus. Chelsea are favourites to sign the Welshman from Real Madrid. Manchester United and Manchester City are also interested in Bale. Petr Cech could join Real Madrid if David de Gea stays at Old Trafford. Christian Benteke could be sold by Aston Villa if they receive £30m bid.
Manchester United beat Manchester City 4-2 at Old Trafford. Chris Smalling, Wayne Rooney, Ander Herrera and Juan Mata scored for United. Sergio Aguero scored a late consolation for City. Gary Neville was gobsmacked by City's lack of urgency.
Jordan Spieth won the 79th Masters at Augusta National on Sunday. The 21-year-old became the first American to win golf's season's opening major. Spieth embraced his family after securing his first ever major title.
Liverpool will not budge from their £100,000-a-week contract offer to England international Raheem Sterling. Chelsea, Manchester City or Manchester United are among those watching Sterling ahead of the summer. Liverpool have been strongly linked with a move for Arsenal's Theo Walcott. Palermo striker Paulo Dybala is set to be on his way to the Premier League.
Tiger Woods returns to action at Augusta National Golf Club to practice ahead of The Masters 2015. Woods was making his first public appearance in 60 days since announcing a hiatus from golf. Rory McIlroy practised at the other end of the day with British Amateur champion, Bradley Neil.
Raheem Sterling has rejected a new £100,000-a-week contract with Liverpool. The 20 year-old could lower his value by buying-out the last year of his current deal for £1.7million. Liverpool insist they will hold firm and not be forced into selling Sterling. Slaven Bilic remains the name that keeps bouncing back from West Ham sources as the most likely to replace Sam Allardyce this summer. Southampton are set to make a move for Manchester United striker Javier Hernandez when the transfer window opens.
Nico Rosberg finished second to Mercedes team-mate Lewis Hamilton in China. The German blamed Hamilton for slowing down and bunching him up. Rosberg's attitude seems to have changed in the aftermath of his crash with Hamilton in Spa last August.
Tim Krul congratulated Jermain Defoe on his goal at half-time in the Wear-Tyne derby on Sunday. Krul has been one of the few players who have performed consistently for Newcastle in recent seasons. I can’t understand why any player would feel the need to do that. Think about the iconic image of Pele and Bobby Moore swapping shirts after Brazil had beaten England 1-0 at the 1970 World Cup. Andrew Flintoff, who famously went to console Brett Lee at the end of an Ashes Test in 2005, joined in the debate on Twitter.
Arsenal face Chelsea in the FA Cup final at Wembley on Sunday. Gunners have won 15 of their last 18 games in all competitions. Arsene Wenger needs to buy a new No 1 if Arsenal are to challenge. Petr Cech would be an ideal candidate to come in to replace Wojciech Szczesny. Francis Coquelin has added bite to the midfield but would Arsenal have enough to challenge next season if Coquelin is their anchor and Mikel Arteta is his back up?
PFA Player of the Year will be announced on Saturday February 14. Eden Hazard, David de Gea and Harry Kane are the front-runners. Chelsea captain John Terry revealed he voted for Philippe Coutinho.
Bournemouth secured promotion to the Premier League on Monday. Eddie Howe's side beat Bolton 3-0 to secure their place in the top flight. Matt Ritchie is a contender for my '10 to watch' for next season.
Michael Owen was the new kid on the block in the Premier League. He scored a hat-trick in Liverpool's 3-3 draw with Sheffield Wednesday in 1998. Owen scored 18 goals in 36 appearances in the Premier League. He kept it up at the 1998 World Cup and did so again the following year. Harry Kane has scored 22 goals in 40 appearances this season. He has equalled Owen's best-ever total in a Premier League season.
Memphis Depay scored 20 goals to help PSV Eindhoven win the Eredivisie title with three games to spare. The 21-year-old is the Eredivisie's top goalscorer with 20, without even being PSV's main forward. Depay has 'dream chaser' tattooed across his chest, and'successful chaser' inked on the inside of his lower lip. He has been likened to Cristiano Ronaldo by PSV manager Phillip Cocu and great Ronald de Boer.
Manchester United had four different scorers on Sunday. Louis van Gaal doesn’t care about names — he wants to pick the right person at the right time and give everyone a chance. James Ward-Prowse was one of my 10 players to watch at the start of the season and he scored this weekend. Only once before in Premier League history have all three promoted teams gone straight back down and that happened 17 seasons ago.
Aston Villa beat Liverpool 1-0 in the FA Cup semi-final on Sunday. Fabian Delph was the best player on the pitch for Tim Sherwood's side. Jack Grealish was fantastic but Delph was the best player on the pitch. Leicester's home advantage could be the difference between staying up or going down. Winning the FA Cup would have been the perfect send off for Steven Gerrard.
Jermain Defoe scored a stunning volley in the Tyne-Wear derby on Sunday. Charlie Adam produced an audacious long-range effort against Chelsea. Bobby Zamora scored a stunning goal for QPR against West Brom.
Martin Allen says it is important for players to follow orders. The Barnet boss believes John Terry is leading by example at Chelsea. Allen says Gary Rowett is going to go all the way at Birmingham.
Scott Quigg has been offered £1.5million to fight Carl Frampton. The fight could take place at Manchester Arena on July 18. Kell Brook looks set to make a quick return to the ring on May 30. Frankie Gavin could challenge Brook for his world title in London.
Aston Villa take on Liverpool in the FA Cup semi-final on Sunday. Christian Benteke is set to go head-to-head with Martin Skrtel. Fabian Delph and Jordan Henderson will go head-to-head in midfield. Raheem Sterling will look to cause problems for Ron Vlaar and Nathan Baker.
Arsenal travel to Anfield to face Liverpool in Saturday's Premier League clash. Martin Skrtel is suspended for the match after stamping on David de Gea. Kolo Toure and Mamadou Sakho are in contention to replace the defender.
Sam Burgess will start at blindside flanker for the second time this season. The former rugby league star is adapting to the 15-man code. Burgess was recently linked with move back to the NRL with Manly.
England drew 1-1 with Italy in a friendly in Turin on Tuesday night. Michael Carrick came off the bench to change the game for England. The Manchester United midfielder keeps the game simple. Andrea Pirlo, who turns 36 next month, tore England apart at the World Cup.
Mesut Ozil was at his brilliant best against Liverpool on Saturday. The Arsenal midfielder is worth paying to watch when he is at his best. Eden Hazard is the man Chelsea seek out when they need something special. Newcastle United would be in serious trouble without Alan Pardew's guidance.
Carl Froch hasn't fought since beating George Groves at Wembley last May. Julio Cesar Chavez Jnr's defeat to Andrzej Fonfara scuppers Froch fight. James DeGale is the most likely opponent for Froch on his return. Anthony Joshua will fight Rafael Zumbano Love on May 9 in Birmingham. CLICK HERE for all the latest boxing news.
Oscar should have been awarded a penalty in the first half when he nicked the ball past David Ospina. Cesc Fabregas was cautioned for simulation after appearing to kick his leg out to find contact from Santi Cazorla. Arsenal appealed for a penalty when Gary Cahill caught the ball on the arm.
Australian cricket legend Richie Benaud died aged 74 on Thursday. Benaud was the first cricketer to score 2,000 runs and take 200 wickets. He was also the first to commentate from the commentary box.
England were awarded a penalty in the 96th minute against Norway. Leah Williamson stepped up to slot the ball into the bottom corner. But referee Marija Kurtes incorrectly awarded an indirect free-kick. UEFA have ordered the final 18 seconds of the match to be replayed. FIFA did something similar during a 2006 World Cup qualifier. Uzbekistan were awarded an indirect free-kick when 1-0 up against Bahrain. This happened in the 38th minute and FIFA ordered that the match be replayed.
John Brooks was spot on with two equally tight calls in the same move. Dann got the ball (1) and for Murray’s finish (3). The speed of it, plus two players blocking his view, made it unbelievably hard for him to get all three right.
Australia have dropped the ridiculous policy of not selecting their best players if they are playing overseas. Toulon’s Steffon Armitage came off the bench against Leinster on Sunday and turned the game on its head. England players deserve to go on to the field knowing they have been given the best chance of winning.
Toulon flanker Steffon Armitage has been one of the standout forwards in Europe in recent seasons. Harlequins director of rugby Conor O'Shea believes the 'exceptional' clause could cause major problems. Leicester hooker Tom Youngs also thinks the clause could create tension in the current international set-up. Sam Burgess's rugby evolution continues on Friday as he starts at blindside flanker against Newcastle.
AP McCoy could have ridden Cause of Causes who is owned by his boss JP McManus. Cause of Causes landed the four-mile National Hunt Chase at Cheltenham last month.
Calum Chambers, Eric Dier and John Stones have all impressed this season. The trio are all talented enough to play at centre back for England. All three have had a taste of playing at full back in the Premier League.
Tottenham host Aston Villa at White Hart Lane on Saturday. Tim Sherwood was in charge of the youth set-up at Spurs for years. The Villa boss is passionate but he can't afford to let things get personal.
Tony McCoy won the title of champion jockey for the 20th time in his career. The Northern Irishman announced his retirement in February. McCoy says the response to his retirement announcement has made his final months in the saddle easier.
At the end of March, Leicester were bottom of the Premier League with 19 points. But the Foxes have won their last three games to keep their season alive. Nigel Pearson has managed to create a positive attitude in his squad.
Charles Piutau rejected a new deal with the Blues and NZRU in favour of a season in Belfast. Colin Slade is thought to be deciding between a move to Toulon or Pau in France. The Pro 12 has a credibility issue, due to the continuing absence of so many Irish stars from so many matches.
AP McCoy rode his final race on Box Office at Sandown on Saturday. The 40-year-old was presented with the Champion Jockey trophy by Arsenal hero Ian Wright. McCoy finished third in the bet365 Handicap Hurdle.
Orlando City earn all three points against Portland Timbers at Providence Park. Canadian international Cyle Larin scored the opener in the first-half. Kaka sealed the win with a penalty in the closing stages of the match.
British athlete Adam Gemili says Usain Bolt is a joker on the circuit. Bolt once killed Gemili in the warm-up for the 200m at the World Championships. Gemili says he is nowhere near Bolt's standard at the moment.
Becky James has been sidelined for a year with a back injury. The 27-year-old is hoping to return to regular training soon. James supported boyfriend George North during Wales' Six Nations campaign.
AP McCoy will race at Sandown for the last time on Saturday. Cheltenham Gold Cup winner Andrew Thornton has been one of the few weighing room colleagues to witness McCoy's entire career. Thornton, who needs fewer than 20 winners to reach 1,000 in his career, says age has mellowed McCoy.
The official name of AFC Bournemouth is AFC Bournemouth. This means their name would start ahead of Arsenal's by virtue of the alphabet when the embryonic table is compiled upon the announcement of next season's fixtures. Arsenal have theoretically started each season at the summit of England's top tier since 1915/16.
AP McCoy finished third on Box Office in the bet365 Handicap Hurdle at Sandown on Saturday. The 40-year-old was reduced to tears as he paraded in front of the grandstand for the last-ever time. Princess Anne and Arsene Wenger were among those to congratulate McCoy on his retirement.
AP McCoy is retiring after 20 years at the top of his sport. The 15-year-old left his home in Moneyglass, County Antrim, to head to the respected but strict regime of an apprentice jockey’s life at the stable of Jim Bolger. Claire says seeing ‘Anthony’ leave left her ‘heartbroken’
AP McCoy will ride his last two races at Sandown racecourse on Saturday. The 20-time Champion Jockey insists he will never return to professional racing after Sunday's Sandown farewell. Steve Redgrave famously came out of retirement to claim a fifth Olympic gold medal four years later in Sydney.
Palermo president Maurizio Zamparini wants 50million for Paulo Dybala. Manchester United, Chelsea, Arsenal, Inter Milan, Juventus and PSG are all interested in signing the Palermo striker. Dybala has been likened to Barcelona's Lionel Messi.
Sam Cam put her best foot forward on the campaign trail in west London. She looked every inch the groomed and polished loyal Conservative wife. But then she popped a pair of startling tootsies, displaying what might just be a hint of a bunion.
Twenty people are believed to have been injured in the crash landing. The Airbus A320 had set off from Incheon International Airport in South Korea. Japanese media are reporting that the plane spun 180 degrees after impact.
Arsenal drew 0-0 with Chelsea in the Premier League on Sunday. Olivier Giroud could not find the net for the Gunners at The Emirates. Giroud has scored 18 goals for Arsenal this season.
State-backed giant reached milestone as it lurched to £446million loss. RBS was forced to put aside £856million to cover lawsuits and fines. The latest bill includes provision for compensating customers mis-sold PPI. RBS was also hit with a £453million restructuring charge in the US.
Theo Walcott believes Arsenal have been the 'best team in Europe' in the second half of the season. Arsenal's slim hopes of overhauling Chelsea's 10-point lead at the top of the Barclays Premier League were all but extinguished following a goalless draw at the Emirates Stadium on Sunday. Walcott watched on from the bench again before a late substitute appearance, with the forward's last club start having been back in March.
Thierry Henry believes Arsenal need to sign a 'top quality striker' to win the Premier League next season. Olivier Giroud has scored 14 Premier League goals for Arsene Wenger's side this campaign. Arsenal midfielder Francis Coquelin has hit back at Henry's claims. Coquelin believes Arsenal 'can win titles' with Giroud up front.
Mario Gomez scored the opening goal of the game in the 43rd minute. Fiorentina will face either Napoli, Sevilla or Dnipro for a place in the final. Dynamo Kiev's Jeremain Lens was sent off shortly before the interval for an apparent dive. Late substitute Juan Vargas doubled Fiorentina's lead to ensure progression.
The country's chief medical officer Dame Sally Davies is concerned at the number of children suffering from the condition. Rickets is caused by a deficiency in vitamin D and can cause bone deformities. The disease was virtually eradicated after the Second World War. But is returning as more and more youngsters are used to staying indoors playing video games than going outside. Now Professor Davies has ordered a cost review into giving free vitamins.
Manchester City are interested in signing Arsenal midfielder Jack Wilshere. But Gunners boss Arsene Wenger has told them not to waste their time. Mathieu Debuchy, Mikel Arteta and Abou Diaby all available for selection. Laurent Koscielny will face a late fitness test on a groin injury.
Bolivia’s Cal Orcko paleontological site comprises 462 trails made up of 5,055 prints. Frequent landslides reveal new ones, some of which belong to unknown species. The wall, which is the largest dinosaur trackway in the world, is approximately 390 feet (120 metres) tall. Some of them are more than a metre in length, indicating the size of some of the vast beasts that roamed the area in the upper cretaceous period.
Ravel Morrison has signed a pre-contract agreement with Lazio. The 22-year-old was released from his last contract at West Ham. Morrison has been training with the Serie A side ahead of his summer move.
The snaps were taken on a rooftop in Shepton Mallet, Somerset. Ironically the cat's name is Mouse and the mouse is called Mouse.
Economists plotted how much goods listed on eBay sold for. They found exact prices of goods attract higher offers than round numbers. Sellers who end their price with ‘00’ typically receive offers 5% to 8% lower than those with more specific prices, such as $1,079. But sellers with round numbers are more likely to close a deal six to 11 days sooner, and are up to 5% more likely to sell at all.
Dnipro defeated Club Brugge 1-0 in their Europa League quarter-final clash. Yevhen Shakhov scored the winner with a deflected effort in the 82nd minute. The result means Dnipro are into the semi-finals of the Europa League.
Captain Lee Joon-seok had been ordered to serve 36 years in prison. But this was increased to life in prison today by an appellate court. He was convicted of homicide by account of his 'willful negligence' The 6,825-tonne passenger ship sank off the southwest coast on April 16 last year. Most of the victims were teenagers en route to a southern island for a school trip.
The We Are Handsome Activewear show was held at White City Tennis Club in Paddington on Tuesday night. Lindy Klim, former Commonwealth Games pole vaulter Amanda Bisk, Australian Ballet star Juliette Burnett, and Yogi and Instagram star Sjana Earp starred in the show. The'models' showcased the brand's new Activewear collection.
Carlos Bacca gave Sevilla the lead from the penalty spot after five minutes. Zenit equalised through Salomon Rondon shortly after half-time. Hulk looked to have won the tie for Zenit in normal time. But Kevin Gameiro scored in the 85th minute to send the tie to extra time.
Yi qi fossil was discovered by a local farmer in Mutoudeng, in Qinglong County, Hebei Province in China. It had unusual bristle-like feathers and bat-like wings that were covered in a membrane. The dinosaur may have been able to glide and even flap its wings. Yi qi was so well preserved that bristle-like feathers and the remains of its membrane wings could be seen around the bones.
Visa Restrictions Index analyses countries ability to travel visa-free. Finland, Germany, Sweden, the UK and the US ranked first, second and third. North Korea and possibly Cuba ranked at the bottom of the list.
Jaysh Al-Islam holds 'largest military parade' since start of Syrian revolution. Group commands as many as 25,000 loyal fighters in rebel-held Damascus. They oppose both ISIS and the Syrian regime, but embrace 'non-Jihadi' units. Leader Sheikh Zahran Aloush addresses soldiers at graduation ceremony. He is considered one of the most powerful military chiefs in rebel-held Syria.
Serena Williams beat Carla Suarez Navarro 6-2, 6-0 in the final. World No 1 claimed her eighth Miami Open title in 14 years. Williams claimed the final 10 games in a comfortable victory.
Pale pink iridescent sequins in various sizes were used to create the striking look at Akira on Wednesday. Hours later, models at Bondi Bather also showcased the look.
A leading data mining firm claims that between 20 and 50 social media accounts active in Baltimore on Monday were also used 825 miles away in Ferguson. The firm said the link suggests the presence of 'professional protesters' or anarchists who are in Baltimore and are looking to take advantage of Freddie Gray's death to incite more violence. One account - also linked to the recent union protests in New York City and other disturbances - tweeted photos of Gray's funeral and used language anticipating Monday's violent clashes.
A man in Hallett Cove, South Australia, squashed a huge wolf spider. The hairy beast scuttled across his kitchen floor and hundreds of babies appeared. The house owner got the shock of his life when he squashed it with a broom.
Puffin was spotted flying into London along the Thames earlier this month. The bird was more commonly seen in Iceland and the North Atlantic. It was spotted near the A4 flyover at Brentford before being caught. Bird was handed to a specialist centre in Dorset to recuperate.
Neymar opened the scoring for Barcelona after just 14 minutes at the Nou Camp. The Brazil international doubled the hosts' lead in the 34th minute to make it 5-1 on aggregate. Zlatan Ibrahimovic had a goal correctly disallowed for offside in the 17th minute.
Charlie Bothuell, now 13, was found in basement of his family's Detroit home. On Tuesday, he took the stand in court against his father and stepmother. Said he was beaten with plastic pipe, forced to work out early and isolated. 'I was never given any leeway, to make a mistake and learn from it,' he said. Hearing is meant to determine if there is enough evidence to send Bothuell IV and his partner to trial for alleged torture and child abuse. A 36th District Court judge will make the decision.
Serena Williams beat Sara Errani 4-6, 7-6 (3), 6-3 in the Fed Cup play-off. Williams held a 70-7 lead in winners but committed nearly three times as many unforced errors as Errani. Williams improved to 20-0 this year and 16-0 in Fed Cup for her career.
Mirko 'Cro Cop' Filipovic stopped Gabriel Gonzaga in the third round. Eight years after their first encounter, Filipovic delivered a knockout. London's Jimi Manuwa outpointed Jan Blachowicz in the co-main event.
Eugenie Bouchard crashed out of the Miami Open in the second round. The world No 7 met up with Sports Illustrated model Hannah Davis. Bouchard also posed for pictures with fellow Canadian and Olympic medalist Kerri Walsh Jennings.
Anastasia Pavlyuchenkova beat Sabine Lisicki 4-6, 7-6 (4), 6-3. Svetlana Kuznetsova had earlier beaten Julia Goerges in straight sets. Russia needing one win from Sunday's three matches to reach final.
The baby was found at Muskingum University in eastern Ohio last Wednesday and it has now emerged she was alive when she was born. Authorities have refused to release the name of the child's mother. In 2002, a baby boy was found in a dumpster and his mother served seven months in prison.
Chad Geyen, a married father of two from Ramsey, Minnesota, was found dead on Sunday from a self-inflicted gunshot wound. He had been accused of assaulting at least six boys hundreds of times, including his own foster son, between 1990 and 2013. He was set to stand trial on five counts of first-degree and two counts of second-degree criminal sexual conduct.
Serena Williams faces Carla Suarez Navarro in the Miami Open final. The world No 1 has a 17-0 record since the start of the year. Williams was taken the distance by world No 2 Simona Halep in the semis.
ISIS jihadis were fighting local groups in the Hammam al-Alil area of Iraq. When doctors refused to treat them, they were brutally murdered. News comes as 60 Sunni tribal fighters were also executed in Anbar province.
Gloucester face Edinburgh in the European Challenge Cup final on Friday. Jonny May will start on the wing for David Humphreys' side at the Stoop. The 25-year-old was dropped by England after scoring a sensational first international try against New Zealand.
Serena Williams defeated Camila Giorgi 7-6, 6-2 in the first set. The world No 1 improves to 19-0 this year and 15-0 for her career in Fed Cup. Lauren Davis faces Sara Errani in the second rubber on Saturday.
Petra Kvitova beat Caroline Garcia 6-4, 6-4 to put Czech Republic into final. Czech Republic are the current champions and have been in four finals in five years. They will face either Germany or Russia in the final in November.
Finland dropped 'warning' depth charges on the object this morning. Border patrol boats first detected the underwater target yesterday. Second detection made early this morning after the navy began searching. Finland has been increasingly worried about its neighbour Russia.
PFA Player of the Year and Young Player of the Year awards will be handed out on Sunday evening. Chelsea's Eden Hazard is hot favourite to be crowned PFA Player of the Year. Tottenham striker Harry Kane is nominated for both awards. Liverpool's Philippe Coutinho is also up for both awards.
WARNING: GRAPHIC CONTENT. New ISIS video appears to show at least 30 Ethiopian Christians beheaded. At least 16 men are lined up and shot in desert while 12 others are forced to walk down beach before being killed. Men are described by ISIS as the 'followers of the cross from the enemy Ethiopian Church' Ethiopia was unable to confirm its citizens were killed in the footage but condemned the 'atrocious act'
The 500ft-long Oryol was in dock at Zvezdochka shipyard in Severodvinsk. Defence sources said the submarine's weapons had been removed. The submarine's dry dock was filled with water to extinguish the blaze.
Eidur Gudjohnsen opened the scoring for Bolton in the 55th minute. Craig Davies doubled the Trotters' lead shortly after half-time. Davies completed his brace in the 73rd minute to secure all three points. Emile Heskey laid on two assists for the visitors at the Cardiff City Stadium.
Novak Djokovic beat Rafael Nadal 6-3, 6-3 in Monte Carlo Masters semi-final. World No 1 will face Tomas Berdych in Sunday's final. Berdych beat Gael Monfils 6-1, 6-4 in the other semi-final.
James Hook will hope to showcase his ability in the European Challenge Cup final against Edinburgh on Friday. The Gloucester fly-half hasn't given up on earning a Wales recall. Hook made his Wales debut almost nine years ago and has featured in two World Cup campaigns.
WARNING: GRAPHIC CONTENT. Militants release series of photographs apparently showing beheading. Man blindfolded and led from van before being executed by masked man. Beheading believed to have taken place in Hama, Syria, last week.
Victoria Police had explored the option of criminal charges being levelled against Ms Gibson. One of the charges was being considered was obtaining financial advantage by deception. However, Victoria Police told Daily Mail Australia that its position in regards to the ongoing investigation had not changed. The decision comes after Ms Gibson expressed concern over her family's safety in her first comments to media since she admitted her terminal cancer may have been'misdiagnosed'
An April Fools Day prank went horribly wrong when a joke involving fireworks led to an apartment fire near Grand Valley State University in Michigan. Fire officials said one of the apartment building's residents threw a lit firework at a roommate; the firework landed in a laundry hamper, setting the contents on fire. No one was hurt and the girl is not expected to face charges.
Three Russian warships have spent winter at Olavsvern Naval Base in Norway. Huge complex buried in mountains was once heavily guarded military facility. But fears have once again peaked after they spent entire winter in hideaway. Military leaders are now worried about Russia's presence on'strategically important' coastline.
Andreas Lubitz searched the internet for information on suicide and depression. The chilling username was discovered after analysis of a tablet computer. Investigators also found search terms for disorders such as 'bipolar depression' It has emerged that European regulators warned Germany of inadequacies with its health check-ups in a regular review of air safety enforcement. But the aviation authority, the Luftfahrtbundesamt, said it did not know about Lubitz's medical background prior to the crash.
The spiced, sweet rolls with a cross on top used to be eaten all year round. Queen Elizabeth tried to ban them, possibly finding the cross a little too Catholic. Nowadays supermarkets bring out ever more permutations to tempt customers. Harriet Arkell has tested out the best hot cross buns on offer this Easter.
Insurers are dodging the rules that ban them from charging female drivers less by offering lower premiums to motorists who have jobs that are done mainly by women. Gender equality rules came into effect from December 2012. They meant that many car insurance firms had to change their pricing policies, including ‘female-focused’ insurers Sheilas’ Wheels.
DelRea Good of Portage, Indiana says that on March 23 she was charged with resisting arrest because she hit the brakes for Porter County Sheriff's Department Patrolman William Marshall. Good was speeding and was driving at 54 mph in a 35 mph zone at 11:21 p.m. 'I felt I didn't do anything wrong,' Good said. Marshall claims that Good was 'highly agitated and uncooperative' and said, 'I don't care who you are I don't have to stop on a county road, I'm a single female'
UK's biggest mobile network announces scheme to help keep phones charged. EE shops will give away free portable chargers so people can revive their phones wherever they are. Once the EE ‘power bar’ runs down, customers will be able to swap it for a new one at any EE shop.
Astronomers have used a telescope in New Mexico to watch a star take shape over eight years. The star – known as W75N(B)-VLA2 – is 300 times brighter and eight times bigger than our sun. The dramatic changes are giving an unprecedented look at how young ‘protostars’ develop into fully-fledged stars.
Intermittent alcohol exposure 'degrades the ability of the brain to form the connections it needs to form the connections it needs to form during adolescence' This can put teenagers at risk of anxiety disorders and alcoholism. Alcohol changes genes in brain cells, which stop the cells developing connections between them, altering behaviour, they said. However, they discovered a cancer drug may reverse the damage.
The former president and his wife spent part of their January holiday at the luxury Casa de Campo resort in the Dominican Republic. Casa de Campo is owned by sugar barons Alfy and Pepe Fanjul, who reportedly discussed Hillary's presidential ambitions there. It's also at the center of criminal allegations dogging Democratic Sen. Bob Menendez. Menendez is accused of accepting money and trips from wealthy donor Dr. Salomon Melgen in exchange for the influence of his office. Melgen has hosted Bill Clinton at his Casa de Campo villa in the past, and has contributed $8,600 to Hillary Clinton's campaigns
Quarterback Tom Brady updated his Facebook page on Wednesday with a picture of himself lying in a hospital bed in a full body cast. He had shared a video on Saturday of himself jumping off a cliff into a river during his vacation. But according to the caption, it wasn't the cliff jump that got him but Michael Jordan, who was spotted playing some pick-up ball with the football player several days ago.
U.S. coffee giant is being probed by European Commission over its tax affairs. It has been accused of using a little-known British company to avoid paying taxes. Starbucks ran European business through the Netherlands where it paid almost no tax on its profits. But it has now emerged that the coffee chain may have used a British company to put hefty sums from its Netherlands division into the UK.
The unofficial 2012 paperback book was revealed by a plaintiff in a lawsuit filed by four sexual-assault victims. Former Tech. Sgt. Jennifer Smith, who said she was sexually assaulted by a fellow airman in Iraq, brought forward the songbook. She had filed an administrative complaint over the book in 2012. The 130-page songbook contains 70 songs with titles including Pubic Hair, The Kotex Song and Bestiality. One of them, The S&M Man, is set to the tune of The Candy Man. Another one of them comes with the warning: 'THIS SONG IS ONLY FOR A VERY
Dash-cam footage shows SUV hurtling towards the bus at 60 mph. It crashes into an SUV on the right side of the road then ricochets across the center median. Five of the 36 pupils on board were hospitalized with minor injuries. 11 were treated at the scene in Tulsa, Oklahoma, on Monday. Police are investigating whether the 44-year-old driver had a seizure.
Steven Allison, 37, was on the run from the law after failing to turn up to court. He had been living in Sydney before moving to the Australian capital Canberra. But he was unaware the net was closing in on him as he posted Facebook posts. Allison boasted of his carefree bachelor lifestyle and said he wanted to meet women. Police tracked him down and he has now been returned to the UK.
Over 5,000 people die from asbestos-related diseases each year, making it a bigger killer than road traffic accidents. Artist Joe Joiner, whose great-grandmother died after being exposed to the substance, has created a moving new art installation in tribute. The installation is made up of heartfelt messages from people who have lost loved ones to asbestos-related diseases. Lauren Ross, 56, from Didsbury, Manchester, lost her husband Frank in 2007 to mesothelioma, an aggressive form of lung cancer.
Ukip initially planned for Mr Farage to mention number of foreign patients suffering from tuberculosis. But when it was discovered antiretroviral drugs to treat people with HIV were more expensive, a decision was taken to use that example instead. Mr Farage was greeted with silence in the hall when he said during the debate about the NHs that of the 7,000 diagnosed with HIV, 60 per cent were born abroad.
Thomas Brock, 30, was shot dead at his home in Pasadena, California. He had become involved in a traffic altercation with another motorist. The two men he brawled with returned to his property with a gun. Brothers Steven and Jacob Rodriguez have been charged with capital murder. Mr Brock's widow Julie said she and her husband had no idea who the men were.
Unidentified woman was stuck in traffic behind the president's motorcade in Louisville, KY, on Thursday. A nurse who was also stuck in traffic helped the mother through the delivery and dispatchers eventually arrived at 5.25pm to assist.
The Fat Duck in Bray, Berkshire and Dinner by Heston Blumenthal in London both made it into the top 25 of the world's top 100 restaurants. Chicago's Alinea, run by Grant Achatz, was crowned the world's best restaurant for the fourth year running.
Dan Bilzerian made public safety announcement after being arrested last year. He was accused of placing homemade explosives in a tractor and shooting them. The 'King of Instagram' was given a nominal $10,000 fine by the Bureau of Land Management and forced to make the film.
Teachers have warned schools are struggling to cope with an influx of children unable to speak English. They say English-speaking children are not getting their 'fair share' of attention from teachers because of the additional needs of those from abroad. One in six primary school pupils do not have English as their first language, while in secondary schools the figure is one in seven.
Militants burn hundreds of boxes of perfectly good chicken despite it being slaughtered according to Islamic law and perfectly fit for eat. Food was burned after the jihadis noticed labels on the boxes that suggested the birds had been reared and slaughtered in the United States. ISIS considers so beyond the pale that hungry refugees on the brink of starving to death are banned from eating the meat.
Phoj was designed by Swedish designer Lycke von Schantz. It has a 'lightweight chassis' and is 3.2ft (1 metre) tall. The product will launch on Kickstarter next week but prices are not yet known.
Kyle Knox, 23, was last seen at 10am on Monday at start of Ben Nevis route. He failed to return to his accommodation in Fort William area, prompting staff to alert police to his disappearance. Search was called off in darkness last night, but resumed this morning. Weather conditions described as 'awful' with wind speeds dropping to 51mph.
Gov. Sam Brownback, a strong abortion opponent, signed the 'Kansas unborn child protection from dismemberment abortion act' The law bans the so-called 'dilation and evacuation' procedure and redefines it as 'dismemberment abortion' The measure also has been introduced in Missouri, Oklahoma and South Carolina, though only Kansas lawmakers have passed it.
London Mayor praised the Coalition for keeping down unemployment. Said the fact more jobs were being created was 'one of the moral triumphs' Mr Johnson is standing to be a Tory MP in a west London constituency.
Hagrid the lamb is thought to be the biggest ever born in the UK weighing 25lbs. The animal was born on Tuesday at the farm in Gelston near Grantham. Standing proudly at 14inches tall, he towers over his peers five inches below. Despite his size, Hagrid's mother is in remarkably good condition following birth.
The Oscar-nominated actress, 60, turned down the starring role alongside James Gandolfini because she had already played a mobster's wife in Goodfellas. Accusing Chase of lazy casting, Bracco chose instead the complicated role of Dr. Melfi.
Anthony Horowitz said books by David Walliams are 'witty and entertaining' But he said they are 'nowhere near ambitious enough' for young readers. He singled out Walliams' Gangsta Granny for criticism, as well as Diary of A Wimpy Kid books by author Jeff Kinney.
Detective Patrick Cherry will be placed on modified duty before being transferred out of the Joint Terrorism Task Force. 'No good cop should watch that video without a wince,' NYPD Police Chief Bill Bratton said at a press conference announcing Cherry was being placed on modified duty. Cherry's case was transferred to the Civilian Complaint Review Board following a complaint of 'discourtesy'
Kevin Bollaert, 28, was sentenced to 18 years in state prison on Friday. He was convicted in February of 21 counts of identity theft and six counts of extortion in San Diego Superior Court. He ran ugotposted.com and changemyreputation.com, which allowed people to anonymously post nude photos of others. He then charged victims to remove the images and their personal information. One of his victims, Nicole Coco, said that she received 'crude comments' about her body after the photos were posted.
Octavia Spencer shocked and angered hundreds of fans at a recent book signing, acting like an 'ungrateful b****,' say eyewitnesses. The 44-year-old Academy Award winner was at the Barnes & Noble bookstore at The Grove in Los Angeles last week to autograph copies of her children's book 'Randi Rhodes Ninja Detective — The Sweetest Heist in History' But before the night was over people were dragging their kids out of line, demanding refunds on the books and stormed out of the store in disgust.
Walters says that the former White House intern would be a 'run away success' on The View, a network source tells Daily Mail Online. She would attract great guests - even if casting her as a regular co-host would make it unlikely that potential 2016 Presidential hopeful Hillary Clinton or President Bill Clinton would ever appear on the show again. Lewinsky recently participated in a 22-minute long TED Talk that has made international headlines. 'Barbara believes that Monica, 41, could make The View competitive and compelling and while a lot of Washington's elite may scratch the show off its must-visit press list, the younger demographic
Shadow chancellor ramps up attack on the Tories on eighth day of campaigning. Claims the PM has a'secret plan' to cut taxes for millionaires after the election. Says a Tory government would hike VAT and cut top rate of tax. Lib Dem leader Nick Clegg blasts Labour's policies as 'economically illiterate'
English photographer John Chapple has traveled all over the world - and along the way created stunning panoramic images using a film camera. Chapple has captured all types of landscapes, including grassy fields in England, major US cities ashore, and sandy beaches in Australia.
Rand Paul will officially announce his presidential bid in Louisville, Kentucky on Tuesday morning. He'll be the second major-party candidate to enter the race, after tea party darling Sen. Ted Cruz. The Kentucky senator has taken heat from principled libertarians for softening some of the stands he's held since he was elected to Washington. 'Rand Paul is as much a part of the Washington machine as Joe Biden or Harry Reid,' a House staffer told Daily Mail Online. 'It's like Hillary Clinton running on a platform of email transparency in government,' another source said.
RSPCA called to house in Lawrence Weston, Bristol, after complaints from neighbours. Photos show a small horse standing on muddy ground in passage just over a metre wide. Another picture shows a horse chained to the ground, with little room to move. Both horses have now been removed from the site by the RSPCA.
House in Snodland, Kent, was first rented by Len and Beatrice Barnes in 1915. The couple raised their son Gordon and three daughters, Freda, Hilda and Gwendoline, in the property. They bought it 40 years later for £350 and passed it to Freda when they died. Their 10 great-grandchildren and seven great-great-grandchildren have enjoyed the house for the last few decades. But Freda died last December, aged 99, and the younger family members have now moved away.
Second black box from the Germanwings plane has been found. It is said to be in a good condition and is likely to yield more information. Prosecutors have also found a tablet computer which revealed a search history from March 16 to March 23 that included medical treatment, suicide methods and cockpit door security. Comes after it was reported that Lubitz told doctors he was on sick leave rather than flying.
Marc Wabafiyebazu, 15, and his 17-year-old brother Jean were arrested after a gunfight erupted during a drug deal in Miami on Monday. Jean Wabafiyebazu was killed, while Anthony Rodriguez, 19, was wounded. Their mother is Roxanne Dubé, the recently appointed Canadian Consul General in Miami. Their father, Germano Wabafiyebazu, has said his son was killed when he went into a house to buy marijuana and that police arrested Marc. The boy is alleged to have said ‘he was going to kill (a detective) and that he would shoot him
Defence Secretary says Labour leader is'so desperate' for power he is willing to weaken UK defences to win SNP support. Comes as Tories pledge to build a £100billion fleet of four new Trident submarines. Miliband says the Conservative campaign has 'descended into the gutter'
The 25-year-old has pleaded not guilty to shooting Odin Lloyd five times. Lloyd, who was dating Hernandez's fiancee's sister, was found dead in an industrial park less than a mile from Hernandez's home on June 17, 2013. Prosecutors have presented hundreds of pieces of evidence since testimony began on January 29.
Chancellor said Labour had ‘form’ on jacking up income tax and National Insurance. He said: ‘Ed Miliband and Ed Balls have done it all before – and they would do it all again’ David Cameron said voters would pay a ‘heavy price’ for a Labour government.
An Indian man rescued from Wellington Harbour by two teenage girls has died. Boobesh Palani, 26, passed away at Wellington Hospital with his friends by his side. Police released images of Mr Palani lying in his hospital bed in the hopes an appeal to the public would help identify the man. He was known to a New Zealander travelling in Sri Lanka who saw his photo online and told the police of his name.
Aid agency has been negotiating for a week to deliver life-saving supplies. Saudi-led coalition has conducted air strikes against Iran-backed Houthis. UN last week said more than 500 people had been killed in two weeks of fighting.
Marina Lyons, 80, took her dog Rosie to the PDSA PetAid Hospital in Hull for an operation to remove her spleen three weeks ago. When she returned home with the ten-year-old Lhasa Apso dog, she noticed lots of bruising on the its back. The vet told her it was from the operation and that she didn't need to see Rosie for another four weeks. Not satisfied with the first vet's explanation, Mrs Lyons took Rosie to Vets4Pets in Anlaby for a second opinion.
Shinto Kanamara Matsuri started as a small tradition but has grown into a popular a tourist attraction. Participants pray to a god who is said to help with fertility, child birth and protection from sexually transmitted infections. Spectators can buy lollies, sausages and vegetables shaped as male and female genitalia while watching the unusual parade.
Pension firms said Britons remained baffled about how the radical changes worked. Over-55s can withdraw all or part of their pension pots instead of being forced to buy a regular pension income for life, known as an annuity. Yesterday, the first people to cash in their pots began to receive their money.
Sudheer Khamitkar, 42, shot his 38-year-old wife Smita Haval Khamitkar, and their sons Arnav, 10, and Arush, 6, in separate rooms at their Tulsa home. The bodies were found on Wednesday as officers conducted a welfare check requested by the mother's employer after she failed to show up for work or call in sick for two days. Mr Khamitkar had recently changed jobs and investigators are trying to determine if he was having personal troubles.
Prime Minister visited a primary school near Bolton to unveil policy. He wants children who get poor Sats results forced to resit them in secondary school. Plan would mean 100,000 pupils taking a new test in English and maths.
Britain's biggest banks racked up a £39billion bill in just three years. 'Remediation costs' wiped out 61 per cent of their profits between 2011 and 2014. The bill has been driven by the payment protection insurance scandal. Another £2.3billion was earmarked by banks including Barclays and HSBC.
The Camerons were filmed for an ITV profile due to be aired tonight. Wife Samantha said the family teased the Prime Minister over breakfast. She said: 'They take the mick all day long'
The image was created by superimposing a blurry picture of Monroe over a picture of Albert Einstein drawn in fine lines. Features with a high spatial frequency (Einstein) are only visible when viewing them close up. Those with low spatial frequencies (Monroe) are only visible from further away.
A researcher says a 'bone flute' found in Slovenia is not an instrument. Instead, he says it is simply a bone chewed by a hyena with teeth marks. The cave bear femur, pierced with two holes, was found in 1995. One instrument in particular, the Divje Babe Flute, is often said to be the world’s oldest musical instrument. But the latest analysis says that many bones found in caves can simply be attributed to animals around 30,000 years ago, rather than Neanderthals.
A dog belonging to a Brazilian drugs gang proved that learning to drop and roll is not just for humans. When police busted the gang's lair, the loyal canine laid down alongside its owner and rolled over on its back. The picture showing the line of gang members and their guard dog surrendering to police has since gone viral in Brazil.
Pelvic organ prolapse, or POP, occurs when tissue supporting the pelvic organs – including the womb – becomes weak after childbirth. Complications include an uncomfortable dragging or ‘full’ feeling, discomfort during sex or stress incontinence. Up to half of women are thought to suffer to some degree, far fewer seek help, and many who do are offered just one solution: a hysterectomy. A leading gynaecologist has claimed thousands of patients may be undergoing the drastic operation needlessly.
Researchers from London and Edinburgh have developed a computer. It uses a process known as 'natural language generation' (NLG) These computer-generated weather updates are being tested by scientists. If the project is successful, a prototype system will be tested by generating local weather reports on the BBC's website.
Jennifer Drew, 31, spends an hour a day searching for deals and coupons. Hoard of products includes 20 bottles of mouthwash, 52 bottles of baby lotion and shampoo, and stacks of dog and cat food. She even bags items she does not need and gives them away to friends.
Underwear tycoon Michelle Mone is understood to be buying townhouse in Park Circus area of Glasgow. She paid £780,700 for the duplex and had extensive works done before moving into it in 2013. It now boasts magnificent reception hall and stairway and is worth more than £1 million. It is understood she will move back into five-bedroom mansion in Thorntonhall, Lanarkshire, where she and Michael lived.
The protesters mounted Admiralty Arch, which joins Trafalgar Square with the Mall, and called for others to join them. It is not clear what their protest is attempting to highlight, as a garbled message posted on Facebook by the group simply calls for 'Christmas lights... any and all radical/revolutionary messages' The gatehouse, built as a memorial to Queen Victoria, was sold in 2012 after a Spanish hotel developer paid £60 million to buy it from the government.
Audrey Dimitrew, 16, of Virginia accepted a spot on the under-16 Chantilly Juniors volleyball team in November. She was benched in the first two tournaments of the season and told she would not play much for the rest of the season. She was offered a spot on another club, NV Premier, but the league said she could not transfer. Audrey and her family have filed a lawsuit against the Chesapeake Region Volleyball Association, seeking to let her transfer clubs.
The self-proclaimed kidnapper behind the Gone Girl abduction of Denise Huskins in California says he will turn himself in, but only if his co-conspirators are given immunity. In yet another email to the San Francisco Chronicle, the individuals wrote that police could accept this offer, or that he would 'go overseas and teach English' or 'live off the grid and read books for the rest of my life' This came one day after the group demanded an apology from the police for calling the entire incident a hoax. Last week Lt. Park, the spokesman for the Vallejo Police Department, said that the kidnapping of Husk
Nobody is expected to win a majority when votes are cast on May 7. Election is being touted as the closest and most unpredictable race since 1970s. Prime Minister David Cameron narrowly topped the polls assessing who 'won' the two-hour clash against six other parties. But pollsters refuse to predict whether it will be Cameron or Labour's Ed Miliband who takes the top job in an inevitable coalition after votes are cast.
Samantha Giufre, 19, suffered multiple fractures to her skull and face, along with bleeding on her brain on September 7, 2014. She was dragged along the street in Casula, south-west of Sydney, before being found in a gutter. One man has been charged in relation to the violent incident, but police are searching for others they believe were involved. CCTV footage shows a silver sedan driving down the street as Ms Giufre is dragged near the rear door of the vehicle.
Gen Nakatani told parliament there has been no alien breach of Japanese airspace. He said no government studies into extra-terrestrials were under way.
Danel Hall Jr, 10, was shot in the stomach by a stray bullet yesterday. He was rushed to hospital where he underwent emergency surgery. Gunman was attempting to kill an aggressive neighbourhood dog. But stray bullets instead hit Danel and another man, it was claimed.
50 years after the futuristic puppet show launched and landed all over the world, ITV is bringing it back. In a nod to 21st-century political correctness, there are also more women and several multicultural characters have been added. Lady Penelope and her faithful chauffeur Aloysius Parker have been given slight tweaks for 2015.
The five-second rule is not as sure-fire as many snackers would surely like it to be. Experts have largely dismissed the almost magical powers surrounding the rule, but said what type of food and where you drop it does come into play. Dry foods are things such as potato chips, lollies, nuts, biscuits and uncooked rice or pasta. Wet foods are cut fruit, cold meats, ham, salami, dairy products, and cooked rice or pasta.
The state Board of Parole Hearings granted parole to 63-year-old James Schoenfeld on the 20th time it considered the possibility of releasing the California man. Schoenfield abducted the children and then kept them 'buried alive' in an underground trailer while he and his co-conspirators negotiated a $5million ransom. The kidnappers were influenced by the iconic 1971 Clint Eastwood film Dirty Harry in which the antagonist kidnaps a school bus of children in exchange for ransom.
Saturday Night Live mocked CNN's botched coverage of major stories. First, the network was unable to get a look at the Germanwings crash. Then they went for a puppet show to illustrate U.S.-Iran diplomacy. Finally, they provided imagery for Indiana's religious freedom law. But Donald Trump called the skit 'disgusting' and 'disgusting'
Jon Huxley hopes to cash in on the Fifty Shades of Grey effect. He plans to install sex swings, bondage rooms and dungeons at his hotel. Mr Huxley said he has decided to appeal to the swinging community.
Banksy is believed to have ventured into Gaza earlier this year. His work, titled 'Bomb Damage,' was drawn on a metal door. It formed the last remaining part of a two-story house in northern Gaza. But Rabie Dardouna said he has been tricked into selling the door. He is now demanding the decorated door is returned.
Luke Shambrook, 11, has been missing from a campsite in Victoria for four days. He was last seen leaving Candlebark Campground in Fraser National Park at 9.30am on Good Friday. Luke is described as being of medium build, about 150cm tall with olive skin, brown hair and brown eyes. He was last seen wearing a black windcheater, black t-shirt, grey track-pants, grey boots and a scarf.
Geraldine Alcorn, 29, waived a preliminary hearing on a felony charge that she interfered with the girl's legal custody. Prosecutors allege Alcorn encrypted her phone number on the girl's math homework, exchanged thousands of text messages with her and even talked of adopting and running away with the girl. The girl's mother, a single parent, complained to school officials after finding out Alcorn had visited the girl while the mother was working. The mother then found stickers and letters from Alcorn in the girl's school binder, plus two letters the girl wrote to Alcorn with three headings: 'Things Ms
Teenager known as Dark.Cyanide climbs up some of the city's tallest buildings without ropes or harnesses in search of the perfect shot. His photographs include shots of the Chrysler Building, the Empire State Building and the building around Times Square. The 18-year-old describes himself as an 'urban historian' and says he likes photographing New York because it is huge.
Genes for Good was set up by biostatisticians from the University of Michigan. The app is available for free from Facebook's store but is only currently open to people aged over 18 with a valid mailing address in the US. Sending a spit sample is voluntary, and users only become eligible once they've completed 15 of the Health History Survey questions. Each member who submits a sample will also see a copy of their results, which include genetic ancestry and raw genetic data in a securely encrypted computer file.
Summer Michelle Hansen, 32, of California entered a guilty plea in February to 16 felony counts related to sex acts with her five male students. The mother of three was told during the sentencing on Friday that she must also register as a sex offender for life. Parents of the victims were upset that Hansen's plea agreement was approved, which was made directly to Riverside County Superior Court Judge Becky Dugan.
The lunar eclipse began at 10.58pm (AEDT) in Sydney and peaked at 11.03pm. Wet and cloudy weather was to blame for Sydneysiders missing out on the view. The event was predicted to be one of the shortest lunar eclipses of the century. A lunar eclipse occurs when the moon passes through the edge of the earth's shadow. This is an area known as the umbra, where light from the sun is blocked by our planet.
Louis Jordan, 37, went missing on January 23 after telling his family he was going to do some fishing off the coast of North Carolina. But 66 days later, a German-flagged ship spotted him sitting on the capsized hull of his sailboat 200 miles east of Cape Hatteras. He survived by drinking rain water and eating raw fish and flour fried in oil. He suffered a broken collarbone but was otherwise in good condition. He was reunited with his parents on Thursday and said he had been concerned that his parents would think he was dead.
Made In Chelsea's Ashley James models Tutti Rouge's Jessica collection. £38 bra comes in a range of sizes from a 28D right through to a 38HH. Features removable 'Tutti's cookies' which gently push the bust in.
Chloe the wombat has found herself a new friend at Taronga Zoo. She recently moved into her new digs alongside a couple of echidnas. The pair have been inseparable since Chloe came to the zoo. Chloe's mum was killed by a car earlier this year and the joey was found in her pouch still alive.
ABC has commissioned a pilot episode of a new Muppets series. It will see Kermit the Frog, Miss Piggy, Fozzie Bear and other favorites return. Filming is due to take place next weekend at a Disney studio in Burbank, California. Big Bang Theory creator Bill Prady will be the show's creator.
Marylin Stoneman entrusted with financial affairs of her step-grandfather. The 98-year-old victim went into care at Cedar House, Rothley. But the 64-year-old began withdrawing up to £200 a day to fund her gambling habit. She admitted stealing £22,650 from the elderly victim but was ordered to pay back just £1,350 - which was all that remained of the stolen funds.
Kennel Club says seemingly harmless foods can be killers. 56,000 dogs treated for poisoning between 2010 and 2014. Of those, 470 dogs died, according to the charity and vets. Painkillers were the most common cause of poisoning.
Match of the Day presenter launched the attack on Ukip leader Nigel Farage. He said: 'Always reluctant to offer a political view, but Farage is a d***!' Mr Farage topped the list for worst and best performing leaders after his controversial comments on HIV treatment. Former Manchester United defender Rio Ferdinand was also left uninspired by the debate tweeting that the leaders failed to engage with today's generation.
Mass brawl broke out Friday night at Resorts World Casino, near JFK airport in Queens, New York. Patrons at a bar opening inside the casino reportedly turned on one another around 10pm.
Lt. Col. Anthony Shaffer said on Fox News' The O'Reilly Factor on Monday night that Bowe Bergdahl 'had Afghan contacts and he was actually trying to offer himself up with the Taliban' The former military intelligence officer said he had been told the information by two senior sources who knew about a 2009 Naval Criminal Investigative Service investigation into Bergdahl's activities. The investigation reportedly included a forensic review of Bergdahl's computer which showed his apparent intent to travel to Uzbekistan.
Shopping, comparison and travel companies among those that have been contacted by the EU. US companies Microsoft and Trip Advisor are among those that have filed complaints against Google with the EU. Decision to file charges would kick start the EU's most prominent antitrust suit since its ten year-long campaign against Microsoft.
The First Lady appeared on The Tonight Show on Thursday to celebrate the fifth anniversary of her Let's Move! anti-childhood obesity campaign. Called The Evolution of Mom Dancing Part 2, the pair partnered up once again to show off some self-made maneuvers to a cover of I Like The Way You Move. It was a follow-up routine to a similar jaunt they did in 2013, in an attempt to inspire parents to get out and get moving with their kids. During a sit-down with Fallon, Michelle spoke of what she's achieved in the last five years, and her love of music.
Lizzie Borden went on trial for murdering her father and stepmother with a hatchet. She was acquitted, but her innocence is questioned even today. The family burial plot in Fall River, Massachusetts, was defaced with graffiti. Vandalism was discovered on Monday, the day after a Lifetime miniseries premiered on Sunday night.
The identity of 4,726 account holders who illegally uploaded the film will be revealed. This includes their names, IP addresses and residential addresses. Internet companies iiNet, Internode, Amnet Broadband, Dodo Services, Adam Internet and Wideband Networks were all affected by the ruling. Justice Nye Perram did not signify any limit to the amount of damages that the copyright holder of the film could claim directly from each individual.
The total lunar eclipse will transform the moon on Saturday night. It will be visible in the skies of North America, Asia and Australia. The strange sight was predicted in the Bible and could hint at a world-changing event, such as the return of Christ, according to one pastor. But Nasa is quick to point out that the change in hue is entirely harmless. The eclipse is the third in a series of four blood moons, with the final one expected on September 28.
Half of French 18 to 25 years olds have consumed alcohol with the sole aim of getting drunk – compared to 33 per cent ten years ago. The rise in binging is particularly high among young women, soaring from eight per cent who admitted they had done it in 2005.
Only ultra low emission vehicles and electric cars would be allowed in UK. Normal petrol and diesel engines which make up vast majority would be barred. Lib Dem leader Nick Clegg said he wanted to tackle 'dangerous levels of air pollution' which cut life expectancy by up to eight months.
NASUWT union says signs are needed as staff are subjected to attacks. 82 per cent of 3,500 members polled were verbally abused by pupils. 38 per cent suffered similar problems with parents or carers. 23 per cent had received threats of physical assault from a pupil.
The eggs were created as part of a feature for Cake Masters Magazine - and feature in this month's edition. The incredibly detailed cakes are individually designed, including a British themed Union Jack egg. Each of the intricate treats is entirely edible and were made using a range of decorating techniques and sugar work.
Maxwell Morton, 16, ordered to stand trial for first-degree murder in shooting death of Ryan Mangan, 16. Morton sent a selfie of himself with victim's body to a friend in Wisconsin after shooting him in the face February 4. Police recovered a 9mm handgun from basement of Morton's home.
Mike Heatlie, 42, launched the attack on Fiona McCartney, 43, last year. He asked the pair for a cigarette but neither woman had one, she said. He then lashed out and punched her, leaving her unconscious in pool of blood. Heatlie pleaded guilty at Edinburgh Sheriff Court to the attack. He is due to appear again for sentencing on April 22.
Glamour model unveils collection with Honeyz.com in full. Full of boho frocks, paisley prints and flowing maxi dresses. Casey says launching her own range is a 'dream come true'
One-year-old ape found love at third time of asking with second surrogate mother. Kecil had to be moved from his birthplace at Toledo zoo, Ohio, 14 months ago. His natural mother failed to bond with him properly after birth. He was moved to Milwaukee County Zoo and given to a second surrogate. But she did not form a bond with him either, and he was handed over to Maggie. The 53-year-old is the oldest orangutan in North America.
Amedy Coulibaly stormed into the Hyper Cacher Jewish store in Paris. He killed four people and took others captive before being shot dead. Lawyers claim French media endangered the lives of hostages hiding a freezer by revealing their location live on air.
Blanca Cousins, 15, fell to her death from the 19th floor of her family's flat. Police are investigating whether her birth and sister were ever registered. It is also alleged that they did not attend school in Hong Kong. Her father Nick Cousins, 57, was arrested over alleged 'ill treatment' of his daughter. He was released on bail yesterday pending police inquiries. His Filipino partner Grace Garcia Cousins, 53, remains in police custody.
Diwalinen Vankar, 58, went to the bank of the Vishwamitri River to wash her clothes with her 19-year-old daughter Kanta. The mugger crocodile grabbed her leg and dragged her into the murky river. Vankar tried to pull her daughter's hand free but the crocodile was too powerful. She then attacked the crocodile with a wooden washing paddle to save her daughter. Kanta suffered a leg injury but has since been discharged from hospital.
Prisoner Syed Viqaruddin allegedly asked police van to stop in deserted area. Another prisoner 'tried to snatch rifle from a policeman and tried to escape' 17 officers guarding the truck opened fire when they 'did not listen'
Andy Murray beat Tomas Berdych 6-4, 6-4 to reach Miami Open final. Murray will face Novak Djokovic in Sunday's final after Serb beat John Isner. Berdych complained about the state of the balls during the first set.
Beatrize Carrion-Moore is accused of kicking a deputy in the groin several times before offering him oral sex in exchange for a get out of jail free card. Police were called to Boonies Bar in West Palm Beach on Friday night. Bar manager said Carrion-Moore, 23, was 'extremely intoxicated'
Ben Morgan broke his leg playing for Gloucester against Saracens in January. The 26-year-old is hoping to be fit for England's World Cup warm-up. Stuart Lancaster's side kick off their tournament against Ireland in September.
Raymond Frolander, 18, sexually abused 11-year-old boy at Florida home. Father then walked in on him performing a sex act on his son, police said. He then started beating Frolander unconscious, before calling 911. After Frolander's arrest, police released his mugshot, which showed him in a bloodied state. Now, Frolander has been sentenced to 25 years in prison after pleading no contest to lewd and lascivious molestation of a victim younger than 12.
Monarchs have been presenting Maundy Money since 1210. The Queen was eight when she first attended the service in 1935. She was joined by the Duke of Edinburgh to present 'alms' to 89 women.
The blue tit usually takes between one to two weeks to build a nest. Jeanette Rosenquist, 47, spotted the bird flying out of the lamp post. She said: 'I was so afraid that by the bird making its nest in the lamp post it would create a short circuit and be killed'
Qatar Airways flight landed at Birmingham airport on Monday night. Severe winds foiled two landing attempts at Manchester airport. Passengers were made to stay in seats as they waited for plane to be refuelled and for a new flight crew to arrive at the airport. Police were first called to tarmac when passengers 'kicked off', according to one witness. Officers returned two hours later after reports that angry passengers were trying to disembark. Meanwhile, footage taken in Manchester airport shows passengers becoming frustrated with staff.
Haley Mulholland became suspicious husband Kevin was having an affair. She discovered a message from a neighbour on his Facebook page. Mrs Mulholland says she has banished her husband to the sofa. She also checks his phone and even sniffs him to see if she can smell another woman’s perfume.
Dr Milton Wainwright has been trying to convince the scientific community that he has found aliens in Earth's stratosphere for several years. Now he claims he has new evidence of these 'extra-terrestrial organisms' He says the organisms test positive for DNA, and have masses that are'six times bigger than the size limit of a particle which can be elevated from Earth to this height' The organisms, he claims, are contained in a microscopic metal globe designed by an intelligent species to'seed' alien life on Earth.
11% of computer scientists at British universities haven't had sex. Just 5% of dentists and 4% of law, chemistry, engineering and medicine students have had sex. 9% of physicists declared that they were still virgins, followed by 5% of dentists and 4% of law, chemistry, engineering and medicine students.
Neighbours called council to report smell coming from house in Argentina. They found body of Jose Alberto, 58, lying next to scarecrow. Prosecutors believe he died while having sex with the scarecrow.
Steven Abberley hurled a tirade of abuse at politicians during Prime Minister's Questions. He then threw glass balls from public gallery but missed MPs and hit screen. Abberley excused himself to fellow observers before shouting 'you are all just liars' at Prime Minister David Cameron and rest of chamber. The unemployed 28-year-old was given suspended sentences for criminal damage and threatening behaviour.
Tong Shao, 20, a chemical engineering student at Iowa State University, went missing in September 2014. Her body was found in the trunk of her car on September 26. Xiangnan Li, 23, was listed as a person of interest in the case. He is believed to have been the last person to see her alive. Li boarded a plane to China in Cedar Rapids, with a stopover in Chicago, on September 8, less than two days after his girlfriend was last seen alive.
A new hashtag has popped up on social media site Instagram exposing 'awful' things parents do to their children. #a**holeparent has almost 4000 posts from parents all over world, admitting through their uploaded pictures to cleaning, feeding, and entertaining their children. Most of the photos show children crying, followed by an explanation of exactly what their parent has done to upset them so.
The Gilmore Gasoline Filling Station has been restored to its former glory. Coffee giant Starbucks bought the garage in Los Angeles last year. The art deco building served the drivers of Hollywood until it was abandoned in the 1990s. It was listed as a Los Angeles cultural monument in 1992, but was soon after left to vandals and graffiti artists.
In a world where girls grow up fast, should these online hot or not videos really surprise us? Half of three to six-year-olds say they worry about being fat, with a fifth of girls under 11 confessing to have even tried diets. Feeling unattractive and worthless can have a devastating impact on their chances of success.
The inscriptions were found in Naours - a two-hour drive north of Paris - and left for posterity by young men. The site's proximity to the battlefields, where more than a million men were killed or wounded, adds to the discovery's importance. One inscription found in a rough-hewn passage 100 feet underground read: 'James Cockburn 8th Durham L.I.'
The body of a newborn baby was discovered hidden in a cubicle inside a Michigan office building after police say the mother had secretly given birth in the bathroom. Staff at Ceva Logistics in the 24400 block of Glendale Avenue in Redford had no idea their co-worker had been pregnant until Tuesday morning. Police confirmed that the 26-year-old woman, who has not been named, delivered a baby that was later pronounced dead.
The Hospital of Dolls, or Ospedale delle Bambole as it is known in Rome, was built by the Squatriti family 60 years ago. Today their descendants, Federico Squatriti, 52, and his 82-year-old mother Gelsomina continue the family tradition.
Scar Booth, available from the Apple iTunes store for 79p, offers a gallery of 77 wounds - purportedly real ones - which can be superimposed onto selfies. Anti-violence charities have hit back at the disturbing app for trivialising, or 'glorifying' abuse and brutality.
Man, 45, had suffered from condition called arteriovenous malformation for 20 years. This is a tangle of blood vessels in the brain which diverts blood from the arteries to the veins, bypassing normal brain tissue. In this case, it caused facial deformities and problems with his vision and speech. Operation took a team of 45 medical staff 27 hours to complete.
Australopithecus prometheus lived at roughly the same time as. Australopithecus afarensis, the species whose most famous. fossil, known as Lucy, comes from Ethiopia.
The cable company complained to the Better Business Bureau's National Advertising Division (NAD) that the ads featured a number of false claims. The watchdog has ruled that several of the campaign's claims couldn't be substantiated. The ads all ended with Lowe saying: 'Don't be like this me — Get rid of cable and upgrade to DirecTV'
Modern humans are thought to have wiped out Neanderthals 30,000 years ago. But scientists say Neanderthals may have succumbed to infectious diseases. They say prehistoric cousins would have been infected by tuberculosis, typhoid, whooping cough, encephalitis and the common cold. But our ancestors may have passed on slivers of their immunity to our ancestors when they interbred with Neanderthals.
Clare Hines, who lives in Brisbane, was diagnosed with a brain tumour after suffering epileptic seizures. One week before brain surgery she found out she was pregnant. She went against doctors' warnings to keep the baby and give birth to her son Noah. Seven weeks after Noah was born, Ms Hines and her newborn flew back to her home of Manchester in the UK to finally undergo surgery to remove her brain tumour.
Celebrity chef Pete Evans has been dropped as the celebrity ambassador for popular salad chain 'Sumo Salad' This has come after his paleo cookbook for infants was delayed due to fatal health concerns. Sumo Salad maintains that their decision was not due to Evans' paleo controversies. Bubba Yum Yum: The Paleo Way is set to be self-published at the end of this month.
DNA-like fragments may have come with 'instructions' that guided their growth into complex life forms 4 billion years ago. The study is based on a discovery in the 1980s that RNA can chemically alter its own structure. Many origin-of-life researchers say that RNA chains are too specialised to have been created as a result of random chemical reactions. The new study claims to provide an alternative theory by arguing primordial DNA-like fragments evolved in this way instead.
Poundland has been forced to pull decorative plastic Easter Eggs from shelves. Trading Standards officials raised the alarm over the Chinese made decorations. They were 'likely to contravene food imitation safety rules' The eggs have now been withdrawn nationwide ahead of the Easter break.
Rebecca Eldemire, 21, was found dead in her off-campus apartment in Oxford, Ohio on Sunday morning. Her ex-boyfriend, 27-year-old Larry Tipton, was found dead next to her from a self-inflicted gunshot wound. The coroner's report reveals that Tipton left a two-page suicide note on a desk in Eldemire's room. Eldemire called 911 the night before her murder to say she was okay to handle Tipton on her own. She was not under the influence of drugs or alcohol, the report says.
James Ramirez, 37, called to Princess Royal University Hospital in Kent. Wife Gillian Nelson, 34, died after complications arose with birth of son. He stayed in room with her until she was taken to theatre at 6.30am. Mr Ramirez: 'I would say she was delirious, spaced out, obviously tired'
ISIS' leadership is dominated by former members of Saddam Hussein's army. Almost all of the regional commanders appointed by ISIS' leader are ex-Baathists. They played prominent roles in the Iraqi army before the 2003 invasion of Iraq. They also have extensive contacts with oil smugglers thanks to Hussein's efforts to avoid international sanctions in the 1990s.
The Hue Go lamp can be controlled wirelessly from any iOS or Android device via the Philips Hue app or any app developed for the lamp. It uses a rechargeable Li-ion battery and offers three hours of continuous light after a 90-minute charge. It comes with seven preset light settings, including 'warm white light' and what Philips describe as 'five natural dynamic effects'
Scott Suggs, 28, and Brandy Kangas, 36, arrested in December last year. Police received anonymous tip about their 17-month-old son and two daughters. Officers found them locked in'sparsely furnished' room with urine and feces. Room had homemade 'gate', which children appeared to have been fed through. On Monday, Suggs and Kangas pleaded guilty to three counts of felony child neglect in relation to their children. However, they have been spared jail and handed suspended sentences.
Chiropractor Gertrude Pitkanen would take babies from their mother's arms seconds after they were born and hand them to adoptive parents in Butte, Montana. These transactions formed the basis of a lucrative, illicit market that started in Butte, Montana, in 1920s and grew until Pitkanen stopped in the 1950s. Most of the children who were victims of this horrific crime have now aged, have families and have forged their own lives - but they are still looking for answers. They have joined together to form a group called Gertie's Babies who have been using DNA to trace their biological families and search for
Huw Davies, 34, has been searching for permanent employment for 13 years. The geography graduate has three A-levels and 10 GCSEs on his CV. But despite strong academic background, he has not even been called for an interview. He says he 'hasn't got the foggiest' about what he is doing wrong.
Facial exercises have been around as long as youth has been considered the hallmark of beauty. The first official guide, however, was published in Paris in 1710. Today, the go-to expert is Carole Maggio, the LA-based creator of Facercise.
Faith and Hope Howie were dubbed the miracle twins when they were born on May 8 last year with one body and two faces. They died in hospital less than a month after they were born. Their parents, Simon Howie and Renee Young, laid them to rest at Pinegrove Memorial Park in Sydney's west. Family members have visited the grave every week to leave mementos and flowers for Faith and Hope, but when Mr Howie and Ms Young arrived on Thursday they found the site completely bare.
University of Florida accepted 3,118 applicants for traditional first-year slots. But after reading acceptance notices, they realized they would have to take online classes for a year in order to attend the public college. Classes are part of a new program - Pathway to Campus Enrollment (PaCE) - which started in 2015 and aims to accommodate a higher number of students. It will likely help expand enrollment in the university's new $15million online undergraduate program, created by state legislators in 2013. Joe Glover, the university's Provost, said: 'The market for freshman is by no means clear anywhere in the country
ISIS militants have entered the Yarmouk refugee camp in Damascus. The move marks the terrorist group's deepest foray into the Syrian capital. Jordan closed its only functioning border crossing with the country following heavy clashes on the Syrian side between rebels and government forces. The Yarmouk camp has been under government siege for nearly two years.
Sabrina Broadbent Tetzner, 32, was granted full custody of her four children ages 8-13 last Thursday. But when she tried to pick them up from their aunt's home, she was met by hundreds of members of the fundamentalist Mormon sect.
Clare Goldwin admits that she will sometimes fork out for Boden's brightly printed clothes for her daughter but not herself. She doesn't want to be labelled a Boden 'yummy mummy' at 50 paces. Recently, the company has experienced more challenging times. Profits plummeted 42 per cent in 2011 and, while they rose again in 2012, they remained flat for 2013.
The family consisted of a black mother and a white father with their nine-year-old daughter and 23-year-old son. The man was in a car filled with a group of young white men when he screamed 'Hey n*****s!' at them on Friday and drove away. News anchor Jackie Ward shared her account of the incident on Facebook as a reminder to be kinder to each other. The story has since caused a stir in Maine - shocking some residents of the state.
The University of Houston said in a statement Tuesday that it was paying McConaughey speaking fees totaling $135,000 plus travel expenses, as well as a $20,250 commission to the Celebrity Talent International booking agency engaged by the university. Meanwhile, the statement says McConaughey is donating his fees to his jk livin Foundation, which the actor started to provide tools to help high school students lead active lives and make healthy choices for the future.
Grey hair is on trend with silver hair lovers the world over posting images on social media under the hashtag #grannyhair. Instagram is awash with the grey haired images - from beauty shots featuring professional models to selfies uploaded by proud grey haired Instagrammers. The grey hair trend can be traced back to Jean Paul Gaultier's catwalk show at Paris Fashion Week earlier this month.
Bikram Choudhury, 69, spoke out for the first time since six women accused him of unwanted sexual advances. He said he would never assault anyone because 'women loves me' He pioneered Bikram yoga, in which followers practice 26 yoga moves in 105F temperatures for 90 minutes. Chelsea Clinton, Madonna and Demi Moore are among his followers.
Shows such as Poldark, Vikings, and Game of Thrones are dressing up their actors in breeches, leather and chain metal. The dimly-lit period setting - think candlelight and flaming torches - only serves to accentuate the mean and moody looks. Aidan Turner is leading the way as Captain Ross Poldark in the BBC's much talked-about Sunday night offering.
Kalman Kallai travelled from Borden, Ontario to Comox, British Columbia. The nine-day journey took Mr Kallai across 2,796 miles (4500km) of land. Travelled on the chair he acquired for free from online advertisement site Kijiji.
The bodies of Chris and Nicole Peppelman were found inside their Lower Moreland, Pennsylvania home Tuesday afternoon by one of their juvenile sons. While both Mr and Mrs Peppelman had chainsaw cuts to their body, Montgomery County District Attorney says only Mrs Peppelman's death is being classified as a homicide. That suggests that the incident may have been a murder-suicide.
Campaign group Let Toys Be Toys posted the images on Twitter. They show a wide divide between aspirations set out for girls and boys. Products intended for infants are equally polarised, with babygros for girls emblazoned with a slogan that reads: 'I hate my thighs' By contrast, the boy's effort offers up the much more pleasant 'I'm super'
Go Set a Watchman, a sequel to To Kill a Mockingbird, will be released in July. Lee, who is deaf and blind, lives in a nursing home in Monroeville, Alabama. State Department of Human Resources launched two investigations into the matter. Officials concluded that the 88-year-old author is fit to make her own decisions.
Fans will see Aidan Turner’s dashing Ross Poldark gaze lovingly at his new baby daughter. As Sunday night’s latest heartthrob, women across the country have voiced their longing to settle down with the brooding Cornish gentleman. But unfortunately it seems as if his heart is well and truly off the market.
Mick Schumacher made his pre-season test debut in Formula 4 at Oschersleben. But at one point the 16-year-old was pictured accidentally driving through gravel. The rookie's boss Frits van Amersfoort says Mick will need time to 'learn the trade of the racing driver' Michael Schumacher is still recovering from a December 2013 ski accident.
All Saints Church in Wolverhampton re-scheduled the service for tomorrow. It marks the start of Easter celebrations and allows vulnerable women to attend their regular Thursday sessions. The decision comes after prostitutes were left disappointed when the drop-in sessions were cancelled on Christmas Day and New Year's Day.
French President Francois Hollande said some militants were killed. But there was no word on the fate of two men abducted at the same time. Sjaak Rijke was abducted by extremists in November 2011 from a hostel in Timbuktu along with two other people.
A six-alarm fire broke out at General Electric's Appliance Park in Louisville, Kentucky, at 7am Friday. No employees were inside the building at the time and no injuries have been reported. The cause of the blaze is not yet known, though hydrochloric acid particles were detected in the smoke near the building. Pieces of ash as large as lunch boxes were reported in the area and ash was found on planes at Louisville International Airport. Friday was a company holiday for GE and there was no one inside the building.
Mike Whitehead was standing against Labour's Alan Johnson in Hull. He claimed he was joining Ukip after becoming 'disgusted' at Tories. But the Tories this morning revealed he had already been sacked last week.
BBC1 bosses have ordered a second series of period drama Poldark. Actor Aidan Turner, 31, has won legions of devoted fans since stripping off as swoon-worthy Captain Ross Poldark in the revival of the 1970s TV show. About 8.1million people on average have watched each episode.
Max Factor is widely accredited for transforming Monroe from a mousey brunette to a knockout blonde back in 1935. Using Candice as her muse, creative director Pat McGrath recreated the look with one of Monroe's signature lipstick shades, Ruby Tuesday.
This Easter weekend, Australians will consume 2,900 tonnes of chocolate and 54 million hot cross buns. Sales of lobster, oysters, prawns and fish will increase by 80 per cent over the Easter holiday. FEMAIL has asked the experts to advise what tipple to pair with our favourite seasonal foods.
Lindsey Walker stayed at The Rex Hotel in Whitley Bay, North Tyneside. The 23-year-old was invited to a late-night party by the hotel next door. Her room included wallpaper hanging in shreds, holes in the walls and broken tiles. The hotel was taken over by Malhotra PLC in January.
A series of billboards posted around New York City are seeking to encourage residents to consider a move to Detroit. The ads are the brainchild of a trio of people opening a new Thai restaurant in the Motor City. They want exposure for their new business but also to promote Detroit as an alternative for New Yorkers who feel that city has got too expensive for them. There are four billboards — two in Manhattan and two in Bushwick in Brooklyn — which went up about a month ago.
Jennifer Houle vanished from a bar in Minneapolis in the early hours of Friday and was later captured on surveillance footage as she walked alone on the 10th Avenue Bridge. Authorities have not said whether she fell or jumped from the bridge, which is 110ft above the river. She died of freshwater drowning, the medical examiner's office said.
Antonio Valente, from Dallas, Texas, learned that someone using the name 'Johnson Michael Lynn' had set up a fake Facebook account using his photos. Marianne Heinrich, who lives in Vienna, Austria, befriended the man online and wired him $4,000 when he said he needed money to pay taxes in England. She soon realized she had been conned and used an image from the profile to search Google photos and discovered they had been stolen from Valente.
Amber Rachdi, 24, from Troutdale, Oregon, tipped the scales at 46st (657lbs) At her heaviest, she was virtually housebound and in constant pain. Doctors warned she risked dying by the age of 30 if she didn't lose weight. Ms Rachdi had to lose 17lb before being allowed to have surgery. She has now lost 20st and tips the scales at 26st - half her former weight.
Kim Callaghan, 39, piled on the pounds after the birth of her two children. She worried that her size was causing her to look like a man. Joined Slimming World in secret and lost a stone in her first three weeks.
Scientists have discovered a new type of virus that infects bacteria. The virus actively causes one of its own genes to mutate. This allows it to develop new ways of coping with the ecosystem it finds itself in. The researchers discovered the virus while exploring methane vents 2,800 feet beneath the surface of the ocean in the Santa Monica basin off the coast of California.
Donny Ray Williams, who was once a staffer for the Senate Homeland Security subcommittee, slipped an intern Ambien in 2010 before having sex with her while she lay unconscious. That same year, he had sex with a woman too inebriated to give her consent when he gave her a 'random dose of drugs' Williams' own attack occurred in 2013 as he walked down a Washington street. A man approached him and tossed acid in his face that dripped down his body. He's undergone some 20 surgeries and still faces more 'life threatening surgeries'
Cleopatra, for one, had some interesting methods for beautifying herself. The famed Egyptian beauty famously bathed in donkey-milk baths. Geishas of Japan used rice flour to whiten their faces. Empress Elisabeth of Austria loved to conjure up her own face creams.
Piper Kulk, 8, died in hospital on Sunday morning, while her brother William died later that night. They were travelling with their mother, grandmother and brother when the accident happened on Saturday afternoon. Their car aqua-planed and ended up on the other side of the road, colliding with a ute. Seven people involved in the crash were all trapped in the wreckage before being released from the two vehicles by emergency services. All women sustained fractures in the crash and were taken to John Hunter Hospital. The crash follows the death of a two-year-old girl on Friday when a ute rolled over
Bobbi Ann House, 39, and Zackerie House, 27, are accused of writing a series of bad checks worth at least $13,500. The purchases started in western Oregon in early March, then moved through Oregon coastal towns and into Colorado and Oklahoma. The two are now believed to be camping.
The Labor Department reported Friday that the US economy generated a disappointing 126,000 net new jobs in March. The figure was half of what was expected and the worst month since December 2013. The unemployment rate remained at 5.5 percent. A strong dollar has slowed U.S. exports, home sales have sputtered and cheaper gasoline has yet to unleash more consumer spending.
Ally Lees, of Alfie Bird's restaurant in Birmingham, created the dish. It's three-foot in circumference and contains 150 eggs and 945g of protein. Chef says it would take more than five people to eat it.
Greece is due to repay a £330million loan to the International Monetary Fund. There were fears the heavily indebted nation would default on the payment. Deputy finance minister said Greece will in fact make the payment on time.
The wide leg trouser is at the forefront of SS15 trends. Louise Redknapp and Emma Fairlie give their style tips. Pair a wide-leg with a simple knit, shirt or tee to keep it in proportion.
Western Esplanade cul-de-sac in Hove has 11 white Art Deco houses. The homes were built between 1909 and 1910 by developer Michael Paget Baxter. Celebrity occupants include Adele, David Walliams and Norman Cook.
Multi-millionaire hotelier Danny Lambo, 37, has bought his girlfriend a £10,000 chocolate bath. Natasha Flynn, 29, runs pure chocolate milk and says she 'adores' it. Bath contains 205 litres of melted chocolate and costs £1,000 each time to fill.
Outspoken MP Bob Katter released a statement accusing the Queensland Government of assuming Billy Gordon would quit. Mr Gordon was forced to quit the Queensland Labor Party last week in the wake of being accused of domestic violence and withholding his criminal history. Mr Katter, federal MP for Kennedy, is of Lebanese descent. He said he's been personally subjected to racist attitudes from both major parties in the past.
AIDS Healthcare Foundation is accused of bilking Medicare and Medicaid in an elaborate $20 million dollar scam that spanned 12-states. Three former managers of the company filed a suit last week alleging the company paid employees and patients kickbacks for patient referrals. Employees were paid $100 bonuses for referring patients with positive test results to its clinics and pharmacies, the lawsuit alleges. The company's president said in a statement the company has 'done nothing wrong'
Denise Chiffon Berry, 44, and her son were driving in Hawthorne, California on Wednesday when they passed by three men in a Cadillac. The mother and son allegedly laughed at the scene, but someone in the car didn't find it funny when he made eye contact with the 12-year-old boy. When they noticed the Cadillac was following them, the mother and son pulled over to tell a police officer for help. As Ms Berry was parking, a man in the front passenger seat got out and shot at her and her son with two handguns. Both the gunman and Ms Berry were pronounced dead at the scene
Just 28 of 700,000 babies born in UK in 2013 were given the name Gary. That compares to 235 Garys being born in 1996, when name was 147th most popular. Other once-common names that are close to dying-out completely.
James Bowen has sold more than four million copies of A Street Cat Named Bob. The former Big Issue salesman has also churned out multiple spin offs. But the Daily Mail can reveal that despite his ample fortune, Bowen, 36, continued to have his rent paid for by housing benefit. Since 2012 the taxpayer has forked out £15,500 for Bowen to live in his housing association flat in Haringey, North London.
Detective Patrick Cherry was filmed ranting at an Uber driver in New York. He was trying to park his Hyundai without indicating the driver's horn. The driver, known only as Humayun, tried to repeatedly apologise to Cherry. Detective Cherry is now under investigation by the Civilian Complaint Review Board.
Svetlana Lokhova, 33, was unfairly forced to leave her £750,000-a-year role. She was falsely accused of being a cocaine addict and branded 'Miss Dodgy Septum' Workmates said she was hired by the bank only because of her looks. Tribunal found she was a'resilient person' driven to a mental breakdown.
Colombian-born Manuela Arbelaez's mind was clearly somewhere else when she removed the wrong price tag during Thursday's show. The model and host Drew Carey both gasped after she revealed the true price of the Hyundai Sonata SE before contestant Andrea had finished guessing. As the presenters realized what had happened, Andrea shouted out 'I win!'
California Gov. Jerry Brown ordered state officials to impose mandatory water restrictions for the first time in history on Wednesday. Brown said he had signed an executive order requiring the State Water Resources Control Board to implement measures in cities and towns to cut water usage by 25 percent compared with 2013 levels. 'We're in a historic drought and that demands unprecedented action,' Brown said at a news conference held at Echo Summit in the Sierra Nevada.
Kilcoy State School in north Brisbane is working with Queensland Health after a whooping cough outbreak in the area. There are about 1200 cases of whooping cough every year in the Metro North area. There have been 86 confirmed cases in 2015 - 16 in the past week. Statewide, 232 cases have been reported.
Scientists at the University of Connecticut say we know how far away the source of a sound is by listening to the echoes it produces. In a study they found that the reverberation of sound helps us locate the distance of, for example, a car passing round a bend or a person nearby. The results suggest that, as a sound gets further away, our brains are able to work out the differences in its maximum and minimum volume. Without amplitude modulation, for example in an anechoic (echo-free) room, a person can't tell how far away that noise is.
Siobhan O'Dell, 17, from North Carolina, was rejected from Duke University. But instead of accepting, she sent an email with her own reply. Mirroring the standard format of rejection letters, she wrote: 'I regret to inform you that I am unable to accept your refusal to offer me admission into the Fall 2015 freshman class at Duke' The image of the letter has gone viral, attracting nearly 100,000 likes and rebolgs since she posted it to her Tumblr account. However Miss O'Dell has no need for an appeal after being awarded a place at the University of Southern California.
Christopher Bridger, 25, attacked three women after separate drinking sessions. He was jailed for 12 years after being convicted of rape and four other abuse charges. HCPC Conduct and Competence Committee removed him from register. Found his crimes as 'a serious breach of trust' and described them as 'wicked'
Tina Wardle was killed in a frenzied knife attack by her son Mark. Her husband Kris said Mark was withdrawn and obsessed with violent games. The couple married in 2011 and planned a long life together. But two years later Kris was a widower after his wife was killed.
Linsey starred in season 12 of Bad Girls Club: Chicago which aired in May 2014 on Oxygen. The network confirmed her passing in a statement on Friday: 'We are deeply saddened by the loss of Linsey 'Jade' Berardi'
Townsville nurse Maria Sevilla and her son, Tyrone, will be forced out of the country within 28 days. The single-mum initially had her visa application rejected because her son's autism would be a 'burden on the Australian health system' Ms Sevilla said she did not want to be a burden, and was working in Australia in an effort to give her son the best possible 'future' Queensland Disabilities Minister Coralee O'Rourke called it a 'cold, heartless decision'
Brittany Lyn Hilbert of Orlando, Florida was charged with domestic violence battery and battery of a person over 65-years-old. The alleged victim told police he was dating Hilbert for 18 months, adding that they've been living together for two months. According to public arrest records, Hilbert was taken into custody on March 25 of last year for possession of cannabis and resisting an officer. On April 5 of last year, Hilbert was charged with illegal possession of Xanax and weed.
Kim disbanded the group of hand-picked teenagers shortly after his father's death. But now that the country's official three-year mourning period for Kim Jong-il has concluded, the autocrat has demanded his advisers find suitable new women for the role. The tradition was established by the dictator's grandfather Kim Il-sung.
Prime Minister suggests using jujitsu to 'put Nigel Farage on the floor' Insists there will be 'no bodily contact' during two-hour showdown. Ukip leader says he is feeling 'pretty good' ahead of tonight's TV test. All the party leaders have spent the day preparing for tonight's debate.
Jaye and Matthew Cox delivered their daughter Annabelle at just 20 weeks in Canberra Hospital after scans showed she had developed a serious form of Spina Bifida. Annabelle was born weighing just 290 grams at Canberra Hospital. Angel Gowns is a not-for-profit organisation dedicated to turning donated wedding gowns into outfits for babies who die too soon. They delivered Annabelle's dress on the day she was born and Ms Cox dressed her so the family could spend time her before she was buried.
A book designed to discover clever people in the 1930s has been republished. It is full of tricky questions and brain-teasers. The answers can be found at the bottom of the page.
The Human Rights Commission said in a notice filed Thursday that there's enough evidence of age discrimination to merit a hearing on the Stonehenge Village complex's fitness room. The rent-regulated tenants excluded from the gym are largely over 65, while market-rate tenants aren't. Stonehenge Partners has said the gym was built last winter to entice market-rate tenants, who shell out $3,500-a-month for a one bedroom.
Japanese engineers are trying to replace celebrities with human-like androids. The late-night television personality shared the stage with his 'Matsukoroid' doppelganger for the first time on Saturday night. Mr Deluxe said it was 'fascinating' come face-to-face with his lookalike.
Images from Europe's Sentinel-1a satellite have revealed the aftermath of the Nepal earthquake in unrivalled detail. The information from the satellites has been transformed into an interferogram, which provides a colourful view of the Earth's land mass. Mount Everest shrank by about one inch due to the land that was shaken in the natural disaster. An area 75 miles (120km) by 30 miles (50km) has lifted up 3.2ft (1 metre) from the ground around the capital, Kathmandu.
Turkish prosecutor Mehmet Selim Kiraz was taken hostage by far-left extremists last week. Photographs of the 46-year-old with a gun pointed at his head were uploaded to social media. Turkey imposed blocks on Twitter, Facebook and YouTube yesterday. They were lifted after social media sites agreed to remove the images.
Labour will ban bosses employing regular staff on zero-hours contracts. Ed Miliband said it was 'not good enough' for workers not to know how many hours they would be working from one week to the next. Labour would give workers the right to demand a'regular contract' after three months.
Tomas Driukas, 25, was arrested after paramedics were called to his home. His five-month-old daughter was taken to hospital with breathing difficulties. The infant, who is believed to be a twin, died later that day. Detectives arrested the baby's parents on suspicion of murder yesterday. The 22-year-old mother, identified by neighbours as Renata Braskyte, was today released on bail pending further enquiries.
The world's greatest steeplechase takes place on Saturday at Aintree. Four out of ten Britons betting on the Grand National make their choice purely down to the name of the horse. 70 per cent of women admit relying on pot luck.
Jennifer Barnett worked at Archway School in Stroud, Gloucestershire, for 17 years. 60-year-old was diagnosed with mesothelioma - a cancer whose most common cause is asbestos. She left teaching to have fourth child but continued to work as an artist. Her husband, Nigel, said she had to cut sheets of asbestos while working on farm. He believes asbestos in the school is to blame for her death and is taking legal action.
Sk8er Boi singer, 30, has no idea where she got the tick bite that infected her. Symptoms range from headaches and joint pain to severe fatigue, heart palpitations, paralysis of the face and even dementia.
Sue Townsend died aged 68 in April last year. She achieved huge success with The Secret Diary of Adrian Mole. The book told of the life and loves of an angst-ridden teenager.
Canterbury forwards James Graham and David Klemmer could face point penalties or a temporary game ban for their arguments with a referee. NRL head of football Todd Greenberg revealed that the match review committee would 'look very closely at' their behaviour. Both forwards could have these charges referred straight to the NRL judiciary, with the highest contrary conduct charge, a grade five, carrying a 525-demerit point penalty and a five-game ban. It comes as the NRL announced they are determined to come down hard on a worrying trend of increasing dissent towards match officials.
Oscar Hbinette shredded through the snow on the Tolbachik volcano on the Kamchatka Peninsula in Russia. Photographer Fredrik Schenholm looked on in amazement as Oscar flew down the icy slopes. The 12,000 foot tall volcano suddenly erupted in November 2012 after lying dormant since 1976.
The average cost of property in London falls below that of seaside town. In London, property prices average £638,217, while in Salcombe it's £671,759. The average waterfront property in Salcombe is worth £2million.
Zulkifli bin Hir, a Malaysian member of the Al Qaeda-linked Jemaah Islamiah militant group, is dead. The reward offered by the US State Department for the arrest of bin Hir, who was believed to be behind numerous bombing attacks in the Philippines, was $5million.
Daxing Internet Addiction Treatment Centre claims to have 'cured' 75 per cent of its patients. Military-style drills and weekly tai chi sessions help the addicts shed their indoor pallor.
Mike Hand has been left wheelchair bound after being diagnosed with a tumour. The 39-year-old is almost ready to leave St Helen's Hospital after surgery. He and his wife Kate, who have an eight-year-old daughter, tried to claim for financial support to adapt their home as they have no bathroom downstairs. But they were told because they don't claim any income support or benefits, they would have to earn 'virtually nothing' to receive the grant.
At 116, Gertrude Weaver was already the oldest person in America. With the death of 117-year-old Misao Okawa in Japan on Wednesday, Weaver became the world's oldest person. Weaver, born on July 4, 1898, exercises in her wheelchair three times a week and eats three meals a day in the facility's dining room.
Kady Marsh was breastfeeding her seven-week-old baby Isla at a Sydney hotel. She was asked to move from the lounge area because it was an area restricted to over 18s. Kady says she was told to use the disabled toilet if she wanted to breastfeed in the hotel. The hotel's general manager says it's 'ludicrous' to suggest the hotel wouldn't allow women to breastfeed in the same place.
The first iPad was revealed by the late Steve Jobs in April 2010. At the time it was met with ridicule as experts struggled to see how it would be popular. Within the first 24 hours of Apple’s launch the company sold 300,000 units. Nine incarnations of the iPad have gone on sale, with the Air 2 and Mini 3 being the most recent. But it seems the tide may be turning for the iPad, with sales falling by 5% this year.
Richard Hutchinson, 40, attacked former friend in betting shop in Stockton-on-Tees. Unemployed scaffolder left victim with fractured skull and bleed to brain. Pair had 'long-running' feud after Hutchinson borrowed money but did not pay it back. Hutchinson was jailed for two years and given five-year restraining order.
Previously it was thought the woolly mammoth died out from post-Ice Age climate change and being hunted to extinction by early man. But a new theory is set to re-write the history books after the examination of more than 23,500 mammoth bones. They were found to be riddled with osteoporosis and lacking in calcium. Deficiency resulted in them breaking their limbs and spines, and left them unable to walk. It meant the giant animal, which stood 10ft (three metres) high, eventually collapsed to the ground and could not forage for food, or flee hunters.
The child suffered fatal injuries in the incident at Grant Elementary School in Dumont, New Jersey on March 6 and died later that day. He had been playing chess with another student during a morning recess when he became upset that his opponent didn't say 'checkmate' An aide overheard him saying to the other student: 'Do you want me to do something drastic?' The boy had previously told his opponent on four separate occasions that he would jump out the window but the classmate said he thought he was just messing around.
A pregnant Jehovah's Witness woman and her baby have died after she refused a blood transfusion. The 28-year-old was diagnosed with leukemia seven months into her pregnancy. Doctors told her she could give birth via a caesarean section and undergo chemotherapy but both would require her to have a blood transfusion. The Sydney woman refused both options due to her religious beliefs and her baby died in utero three days later. She had a stillbirth and died 13 days after her diagnosis after suffering a stroke and multi-organ failure.
Jermaine Kellman, 29, Marvin Sempler, 30, Clinton Jackson, 25, and Darren Lewis, 34, targeted the couple in their home in Welwyn Garden City, Hertfordshire. Verna Fisher, then 81, awoke in total darkness in the early hours of 31 July last year confronted by four men wearing white balaclavas and gloves. She tried to cry out for help, but Lewis had his hand clasped over her mouth while demanding money. Mrs Fisher was thrown off the bed while the burglars took her purse containing £250 and a mobile phone from under her pillow.
Asa Hutchinson said he won't sign a religious freedom bill that his state's legislature sent to him on Tuesday. 'My son Seth, signed the petition asking me, Dad, the governor, to veto this bill,' Hutchinson said. 'And he gave me permission to make that reference, and it shows that... there's a generational difference of opinion on these issues,' he added. Hutchinson is sending the legislation back to lawmakers for amendments that will bring it more in line with the 1993 federal Religious Freedom Restoration Act. 'I hope that the groundswell of grassroots opposition to HB 1228
Robert Durst, 71, charged with illegal gun possession in New Orleans. His lawyers were expected to challenge police search of his hotel room. But no witnesses showed up and judge raged at lawyers for being unprepared. Two FBI agents and a state trooper could face contempt of court charges. Durst is awaiting extradition to California where he faces murder charges.
Engineers plan to excavate ancient crypts below the church to tap into a Roman drain where 850,000 litres of spring water empties every day. They hope to divert the warm water instead through a network of underground pipes to provide a world-first natural underfloor heating system. Church leaders believe the plans would provide a unique source of green energy for the abbey and help the 10th century building reconnect with the city's Roman roots.
Originally named Ena, the historic steam yacht was designed in 1900 and built the following year. It first undertook war service as HMAS Sleuth in World War I before it sank years later in 1981 near Hobart after hitting an object underwater. Ena was brought back to Sydney where she was purchased and further restored - and renamed 'Aurore' - which in total reportedly cost around $4 million.
President Milos Zeman has banned the U.S. Ambassador from Prague Castle. Ambassador Andrew Schapiro criticised Zeman's decision to attend parade. Zeman said Ambassador Schapiro is no longer welcome in Prague Castle.
Houses in areas with a Waitrose cost an average of £354,378. This is £38,831 (12 per cent) more than typical prices for their regions. Sainsbury’s delivered a big boost to residents, as properties near the store were worth 10 per cent more (£24,506) than those in the surrounding area that weren’t near a branch.
The captain of a ship that sank off the coast of Africa was seen 'ananimously and cheering' when his vessel was completely submerged. The captain of the sunken ship, Thunder, is believed to have deliberately sunk his own vessel to hide evidence of illegal activities. The captain and 40 crew, who abandoned the sinking ship, were safely rescued and are being taken to the Sao Tome, in the Gulf of Guinea. The rescue was made despite numerous reports of violent behaviour from the vessel towards Sea Shepherd vessel Bob Barker.
Bette Carrouze, 78, from Brighton, regularly leaves her home in the early hours. The single mother-of-two says she isn't the 'run of the mill' pensioner. Says other pensioners complain about sore knees and false teeth.
Scooter's Coffee, in Omaha, Nebraska, was hacked on Sunday afternoon. An employee clicked on a link in an email which purported to be from Facebook. The hacker then kicked the member of staff out of the page and posted porn. Images were similar to those posted on Delta Air Lines and Crayola's pages.
Four mini solid chocolate eggs equate to 550 kilojules. A 67-kilogram woman would need to run for 40 minutes before the guilt. A man weighing in at around 80 kilograms could achieve the same in 30 minutes.
Most Reverend Justin Welby said the dead were'martyrs' Delivering Easter sermon in Canterbury Cathedral, he said: 'Christians must resist without violence the persecution they suffer and support persecuted communities' Praised martyrdom was made as Pope Francis called for governments to intervene in Syria and Iraq.
Rekha Nagvanshi, 30, urinated in her in-laws' tea everyday for a year. She was angry that her husband's parents had stopped her doing chores. Claimed she would rather live with her parents than her husband. But her mother-in-law walked into the kitchen and found her squatting over the teapot.
Adam Rushton took advantage of being a beat officer in Longton, Stoke-on-Trent. The 37-year-old was found guilty of five counts of misconduct and another of breaching data protection rules. Staffordshire Police Deputy Chief Constable Nick Baker called Rushton ‘a disgrace to the police service’ and the force.
Photographer John Massung was flying over Sebastian Inlet on Thursday when he saw hundreds of sharks just 100 feet from the beach. Massung says he flew for about a mile down the shore and that the hordes of sharks never ended.
Florists in rural Georgia are hoping their state passes similar measures to Indiana's Religious Freedom Restoration Act. Jennifer Williams, of Jeff Davis County, said that she would not sell flowers for a gay commitment ceremony or wedding. Memories Pizza in Walkerton, Indiana, plans to reopen soon after being bombarded with calls following the attention.
The 28-year-old actress recently starred in a West End production of Speed The Plow. Lindsay also posed in sexy lingerie for men's fashion magazine Homme Style.
Lianne Hindle died three hours after giving birth to her longed-for baby girl. The 37-year-old's death came just months after three babies and one mother died at the scandal-hit North Manchester General Hospital. Her partner Chris Barnes is calling for action to prevent further tragedies. An investigation was launched after the deaths of three babies and a mother at the hospital between December 2013 and July last year.
11 former Atlanta public school educators found guilty of racketeering. Accused of falsifying test results to collect bonuses or keep their jobs. The educators erased incorrect answers or changed answers after they were turned in to secure promotions or up to $5,000 each in bonuses, the court was told. Former Superintendent Beverly Hall - who is thought to have received up to $500,000 in bonus payouts - died of breast cancer over the course of the trial.
China's navy rescued 225 foreign nationals and almost 600 Chinese citizens from the danger zone. They included 176 people from Pakistan with the remainder from Ethiopia, Singapore, Italy, Germany, Poland, Ireland, Britain, Canada and Yemen. Russia also sent in planes brought back 300 subjects, including diplomatic staff and civilians from the capital, Sanaa.
U.S. Attorney Ronald Machen, on his last day in office, told House Speaker John Boehner that Lerner could wrap herself in the U.S. Constitution's Fifth Amendment. Lerner led the IRS department tasked with approving nonprofit groups' applications for tax-exempt status. The department gave conservative groups with words like 'patriots' or 'tea party' in their names extra scrutiny, slow-walking their applications and keping many in limbo for years. Lerner insisted on her innocence in an opening statement before clamming up during a May 22, 2013 hearing. The House Oversight and Government Reform Committee had subpoena
Morgellons disease has been described by those who suffer from it as causing fatigue and memory loss, and also leading to large sores on the body. From these sores they claim sprout colorful fibers that cannot be described. Joni Mitchell, who claims to have suffered from Morgellons for most of her life, has recently been hospitalized after she was found unconscious at her home. Mitchell, who suffered from polio as a child, remains in the hospital, but is said to be in 'good spirits'
Jamyra Gallmon, 21, has been charged with first-degree murder while armed for allegedly killing David Messerschmitt, 30, on February 9 in Washington, D.C. The woman admitted to police that she set up the lawyer using a masculine-sounding email address and went to the upscale Donovan hotel with the intention of robbing him. According to an affidavit, it is believed that Mr Messerschmitt got the defendant to come to his hotel room believing that he was soliciting a man. Gallmon made an initial appearance on the felony murder charge Superior Court in DC on Thursday.
Tracy Stratton says her daughter, Tianni, suffered physical attacks at school. Claims seven-year-old has been left so traumatised she is afraid to leave house. A psychologist diagnosed Tianni with PTSD, according to 45-year-old. Ms Stratton is now suing Royal Borough of Greenwich Council for damages.
Couple insist they are not planning more children in joint interview. Mrs Cameron reveals her doctor has told her: 'No way, Jose' She was pregnant throughout the 2010 campaign and gave birth to Florence.
Blaze started in underground tunnel carrying electrical cables in central London. More than 2,000 workers were evacuated from Holborn yesterday. Firefighters still battling to put out the fire which has not been put out. More than 1,000 buildings remain without power today.
Joseph McEnroe, 36, from Carnation, Washington, was convicted of slaying four adults and two children - aged three and five - in 2007. The same 12 people that found him guilty of the murders are now determining whether he will be executed or sentenced to life in prison without parole. In an attempt to spare his life, McEnroe told the court on Thursday he 'thought' he had to kill Wayne Anderson, 60, and Judy Anderson, 61; their son and daughter-in-law Scott and Erica Anderson, both 32; and the younger couple’s children Olivia, 5, and Nathan, 3
Mary was born 12 weeks early at Alder Hey Children's Hospital in Liverpool. She was diagnosed with a number of medical conditions including a heart murmur. She was kept in hospital for three months during which time there were several days in which she had no contact with her parents. A day before she died in July 2013, a health visitor went to the home but was stopped at the door. A post-mortem revealed the presence 'at very low levels' of cocaine, tramadol and mirtazapine (an anti-depressant) in her stomach.
Shauna McGlasson, 25, from Workington, ballooned to 17st after a diet of takeaways. She was left red faced after becoming trapped in the turnstiles of a ride. The incident inspired her to make a dramatic change to her diet and exercise routine. She swapped her daily treats of chips and pizza for a high protein diet.
David and Margaret-Ann Rous were on an Easter weekend visit to Tiree. They were using Mr Rous's light aircraft to see his wife's family. But the pair failed to turn up at the island's airstrip and radar contact was lost. A search party was scrambled and the wreckage was found six hours later. It is understood the couple had only been married for less than a year.
McDonald's announced Wednesday that it will raise starting wages for full- and part-time employees to a dollar over the minimum wage. The company expects the average wage to be more than $10 an hour by the end of 2016, up from the current rate of $9 an hour. McDonald's USA owns about 10 percent of the more than 14,300 McDonald's restaurants across the country.
Tiger Woods announced on Friday that he will be playing at the Masters in Augusta next week. The 39-year-old played an 18-hole practice round on Tuesday at Augusta National. Woods will have gone nine weeks without competition when he hits his opening tee shot on Thursday at the Masters.
Jen Psaki started her new job as White House communications director on Wednesday. She is one of two pregnant women serving as assistant to the president - a first for such a top level adviser in Obama's presidency.
Jessica Ainscough, 30, died in late February after a seven-year battle with cancer. She spurned chemotherapy and radiation, choosing to fight the cancer with a controversial treatment known as Gerson Therapy. Her partner Tallon Pamenter has revealed she began a course of targeted radiation in her final weeks. 'This was a risky and tough decision, but Jess bravely embraced this last chance option,' he said.
Ed Miliband confessed that he 'blubbed' during the British film Pride. The film centres on the 1984 miners’ strike and the plucky underdogs are a London-based group of gays and lesbians. Needless to say, the evil dictator who they’re fighting is Margaret Thatcher.
Man seen leaning out of door of van as it hurtled down outside lane of M40. He appeared to be laughing and making jokes with colleagues inside van. His boss says he was only doing it because he needed some fresh air. The man, driver and colleagues in the van will be hauled before a disciplinary hearing.
Donald Trelford had his son Ben when he was 73 and his daughter Poppy when he was 76. It has just been announced that 74-year-old Peter and Bella are expecting a sibling for their 20-month-old daughter. Donald says the physical effort of coping with young children at his age can be demanding. He takes daily walks and uses an exercise bike to keep fit.
'It is a man-made disaster,' she told Glenn Beck during a Monday radio interview. 'With different policies over the last 20 years, all of this could be avoided' The 'tragedy' of California, Fiorina said, is it 'has suffered from droughts for millennia,' and still 'liberal environmentalists have prevented the building of a single new reservoir'
The four-metre long king cobra Raja has delivered almost 500 milligrams of deadly toxin for veteran handler Billy Collett. The toxin is enough to fill a shot glass and 40 times the amount of venom of a brown snake. Mr Collett has been milking snakes for almost 10 years but has never extracted venom from a king cobra.
Gigi, 19, says Kendall has a good sense of when to stand up. Also says Karlie Kloss is comfortable with her social media persona.
Tara McIntyre, 24, was left virtually wheelchair-bound after the crash. Ben Hagon's high-powered Mercedes sports car ploughed into her at up to 75mph. Miss McIntyre suffered life-changing injuries including a fractured spine and pelvis. Judge branded Hagon's driving'madness' and jailed him for two years 8 months.
When Destiny's Child reunited at the Stellar Gospel Awards in Las Vegas last weekend, it was the first time Beyoncé, Kelly Rowland and Michelle Williams performed together since appearing during the Super Bowl XLVII halftime show in 2013. The group received a rousing standing ovation from the 9,000-plus crowd, but they weren't introduced as Destiny's child - they were introduced by their individual names. Daily Mail Online has learned exclusively that the threesome want to do another ten-year reunion tour and intend to cut a reunion album - but they won't use the group name for that either.
Sisters Jess and Stef Dadon have teamed up with New York company 'Print All Over Me' The photo shoot took place in Sydney's Luna Park. The shoes featured are from the brand 'Buffalo Shoes' which are the same brand made famous by the Spice Girls. The duo are heading to LA soon for summer to launch new shoe line 'Twoobs'
Governor Jerry Brown observed the survey on Wednesday, which found the lowest water level in the Sierra Nevada snowpack since 1950. The fourth consecutive year of vanishing snow spells trouble as California depends on it to melt into rivers and replenish reservoirs. The governor's order requires cities and towns to cut water use by 25 percent.
Brad Pitt personally backed the building of 104 homes in New Orleans. The star vowed to help ‘make it right’ for the city’s thousands of displaced citizens. Pitt’s Make It Right Foundation is suing Timber Treatment Technologies.
Uruguay is the second smallest country in South America but has long been a favourite summer spot for South Americans. Its Atlantic coastline is home to pretty villages, two major cities - Montevideo and the colonial Portuguese town of Colonia. Punta del Este, about 85 miles east of Montevideo, was soon known as the Miami of South America.
Graeme Oxby documented fans at Europe's Tribute to Elvis in Blackpool, The Elvis Weekender in Bridlington, East Riding of Yorskshire, and The European Elvis Championships in Birmingham. The 50-year-old, from East Yorkshire, even visited their homes to capture images for his photo series, called 'The Kings of England'
Motorist attempted the dangerous manoeuvre on the A39 between Street and Glastonbury. He gambled on finally passing lorry driver, Nick Townley, at a set of lights. But he badly miscalculated as the road narrowed and lost control at 50mph. He swerved in front of the truck and his caravan whiplashed into a lamppost. The car ended on the opposite side of the road - forcing oncoming traffic to slam on their brakes.
Atif Saeed was in Lahore's safari park when he spotted the lion. The 38-year-old crept up to the animal and fired off a few frames. Unfortunately, the clicking sound of the camera's shutter alerted the lion to Mr Saeed's presence.
Takako Konishi believed Fargo was real when she was found dead in 2001. All the hit movie begins with the words 'This is a true story' But it turns out that it was all a simple misunderstanding between a small town cop and the woman from Tokyo who could not speak English. Now Takako's incredible story has been made into a film of its own - Kumiko, the Treasure Hunter.
Asia Siddiqui, 31, and Noelle Velentzas, 28, were arrested Thursday for allegedly plotting a terrorist attack in New York City. Siddiqui had previously published a poem in an Al Qaeda magazine, which was the precursor to Inspire. The poem, titled 'Take Me to the Lands Where the Eyes are Cooled,' details Siddiqui's aspiration to 'drop bombs' and 'taste the Truth through fists and slit throats' Siddiqui and Velentzas were allegedly planning to target a military base or police funeral with a homemade bomb.
Mensa was formed by Australian barrister Roland Berrill and scientist and lawyer Dr Lance Ware in Oxford in 1946. The youngest member joined aged two and a half, and the oldest was 103. A top two per cent score on an IQ test will qualify you to join Mensa. You can provide evidence that you are already in the top two per cent of the population. The answers to the quiz are below.
Students this year will likely spend of a third of their prom budgets on the elaborate new ritual of promposals, according to a new survey. That's according to a survey from Visa, which asked 3,000 people aged 18 or older what they expected to shell out for the prom and on what. Some students have even rented plane banners to pop the prom question - at a starting cost of $1,000 in the New York area.
Britain's Got Talent judge is presenting a new series on ITV. It will highlight plight of animals arriving at RSPCA centre in Birmingham. Coleen Nolan, Denise Lewis and Kimberly Wyatt will also star.
Konstantin Sivkov wrote a column for the Military-Industrial Courier. He said that Russia needs new'megaweapons' to unleash chaos. Sivkov says that Russia should develop nuclear weapons manned by a small force that can cause tsunamis on the US coasts and force a volcano in Yellowstone National Park to erupt. He says that the main objective of the new system would serve as an asymmetric threat against the US, which is'moving to the deadly borders or Russia'
Labour's Simon Danczuk said it was 'unacceptable' family should return. Nine members of same family were arrested in Turkey trying to cross into Syria. They include Councillor Shakil Ahmed's son Waheed, his cousins, aunt and four children.
Japanese researchers compared the number of 'neighbours' adjacent to fairy circles and skin cells. Majority of skin cells and fairy circles both had six 'neighbours', and similar percentages of other neighbours. The researchers suspect the patterns might be similar because both skin cells and fairy circles are fighting for space.
John Lewis is trying to flog Christmas trees, festive ornaments and decorations- more than three months after Christmas. It comes after the major high street outlet reportedly spent £7million on its tear-jerking 2014 Christmas advert campaign. Store is also trying to flog a 'Gold Glitter Tabletop Stag' for £10 after reducing it from its original price of £20.
Dublin-based airline has banned passengers from bringing booze on board. Passengers who purchase alcohol from duty free shops at Glasgow Prestwick risk being kicked off the flight if they don't comply. Ryanair refused to explain the reason behind its decision. Follows a handful of incidents involving boorish behaviour by inebriated travellers.
Ashley Jennifer White, 30, and Paul Thomas, 32, charged with felony child abuse and neglect. Their 5-year-old son, Noah Thomas, went missing March 22 as his mother slept with her infant daughter. Noah's body was found in septic tank on White and Thomas' property March 26.
Islamic State militants impose new law in Syrian stronghold of Raqqa. Violators will be jailed for ten days, during which time they will be made to take an 'Islamic course' At the end of their prison term, they will be forced to take a test, with those who pass being released immediately. Those who don't will be fined and kept in prison until they pass.
The Bell 525 Relentless has a luxurious 88-square-foot cabin and space to fit 20 passengers in boardroom-style comfort. Once it flies for the first time a little behind schedule, the helicopter will cruise at a maximum of 178 miles per hour. The aircraft is aimed to be a limo in the sky for offshore oil and operations and also expects to be used for difficult search-and-rescue missions.
Tim McNaughton is believed to have shot dead his father and tried to shoot his pilot colleague before turning the rifle on himself. The 24-year-old's body was discovered alongside his father Greg McNaughton’s near a shooting range at a farm in The Caves, near Rockhampton in central Queensland on Tuesday. In February 2012, Tim was issued with a ‘shooter’ firearm licence by the Northern Territory Police. Posting a photo of the license on the social media site he alarmingly wrote: ‘Mwahahaha do the realize what they have just done [sic]’ The deaths are being investigated as a murder-
The concerns around Fiona Stanley Hospital, in southwest Perth, were revealed to theWest Australian by unnamed sources. The hospital went on 'baby bypass' when the maternity unit opened four months ago, due to an unexpectedly high number of women giving birth. The hospital was stripped of its medical service provider Serco after they failed to return sterilising equipment by an arranged date in February.
Prince Harry took to the skies in a 250mph Spitfire for a training exercise. The 30-year-old royal is beginning a month-long attachment with the Australian Defence Force. The flight was staged to support the Royal Foundation’s Endeavour Fund and a new Spitfire training scholarship for wounded servicemen.
Lane Smith died after hitting his head in a freak accident in July last year. His girlfriend, Sierra Sharry, was 8 months pregnant at the time. She asked local photographer Kayli Henley to create a family portrait of her and their son, Taos, as if he were standing over them. Henley photoshopped a photo of Smith into a ghostly image of the family. The image has been shared thousands of times and Sharry called it 'amazing'
The unidentified man and woman were in their 50s and from Cleveland. Blood was found in the cabin aboard the MS Ryndam, but it was unclear how the couple died. The bodies were taken off the ship Thursday night by a team of FBI crime scene investigators.
Princess Beatrice, 26, partied in East London last night. Partied at Shoreditch House with boyfriend Dave Clark, 31. Wore knee-length black leather dress by Joseph A-Line.
Princess Elizabeth and Princess Margaret were let loose 70 years ago. They were celebrating the end of the Second World War in Europe. The adventure has been re-created in a new film A Royal Night Out.
Nicole Kidman has been slammed by an American union representing 25,000 flight attendants for her new ad campaign with Etihad Airways. The Association of Professional Flight Attendants argues the sponsorship deal was at odds with Kidman's role as a United Nations Women's Goodwill Ambassador. Etihad has rejected the allegation, arguing its commitment to its employees is one of the airline's top priorities.
Study found 90% of patients were able to get an appointment in 2013/14. 10% who could not amounts to around 33.8 million unsuccessful attempts. The shambolic situation is responsible for as many as a quarter of A&E visits. Figures come a day after it was revealed one in five visits to A&E are unnecessary.
The $2 billion Fiona Stanley Hospital in southwest Perth was found to have blood and bone fragments on some of its medical instruments. The hospital was stripped of its medical service provider Serco after they failed to return sterilising equipment by an arranged date in February. The company was fined $60,000 and was subject to Department of Health workers auditing its staff.
Sofia Davila, 21, posted raunchy pictures and flirts with men on Facebook. She then suggested they meet up for sex over the social network. But when they did, she would spike their drinks and rob their homes. She was caught after trying to trick police that she was an innocent bystander. She admitted to bedding and robbing more than 15 men and is awaiting trial.
Nicola Horlick, 54, raised six children while working in the City. She feels a noticeable difference in her body between her first and last child. Says juggling child-rearing with boardroom duties meant she had to breastfeed.
Jennifer McGirr, 61, owns the Tower View Hotel in Blackpool, Lancashire. She appeared on Channel 4's 'Four in a Bed' criticising other hotels in area. During programme she described other hotels as 'grim' in response to couple's claims that there were cheaper places to stay in the area. Ms McGirr claims to have received intimidating phone calls since show.
Jay Alvarrez and Alexis Rene love nothing more than travelling the world. The couple share their snaps on Jay's tumblr blog and on Instagram. Jay has 735,000 followers and Alexis an impressive 1.1million.
Grand Prairie, Texas resident Rick Yoes, 57, spent the weekend in jail after failing to pay $1,700 in fines for six code violations. Yoes says he didn't receive any letters from the city for the citations. The city says they tried to reach out to Yoes over the years, but he refused to keep his lawn up to code.
In October, Sharon Freundel's husband Bernard Freundel was arrested after a woman found a suspicious clock radio in the women's bathroom at the Kesher Israel Congregation synagogue in D.C. In February, the 63-year-old rabbi pleaded guilty to 52 misdemeanor charges of voyerism. On March 22, Mrs Freundel gave a talk at a Maryland Jewish school about how to respond to traumatic experiences. While she did not address her personal drama, she did allude to the scandal which shocked her community at the beginning of the talk.
Ralph Body manned the front desk of the luxury 27 on 27th building in Long Island City, Queens until March 29. Body says the building's management told him he was 'too nice to the tenants'
Lusitanian toadfish live in rocky crevices in the Mediterranean Sea and Atlantic Ocean and can whistle, croak and grunt. Male fish make five types of calls and males can even sing in choruses to attract mates. The fish woo females with long, rhythmical noises that sound like boat whistles, which also act as a deterrent to love rivals. Portuguese scientists discovered that the sounds made by the fish indicate who they are, their motivation and information about their nest. Water temperature, tide level, fish motivation and the level of social interactions affected most frequencies analysed.
Staffordshire-Boxer cross was trying to reach his dog biscuits. Owner Allen Mosey's son and daughter's boyfriend escaped unharmed. Blaze started after Leo knocked on one of the cooker's knobs.
Dr Omar Saadi Al-Atraqchi could be struck off after admitting voyeurism. The 42-year-old doctor cut a hole in Lynx shampoo bottles to film men in showers. He dried out the bottles and hid his iPhone inside before putting them in cubicles. He was caught out twice - once when a man noticed a glint of a camera through a bottle and again when a fitness instructor became suspicious. Al-Atraqchi pleaded guilty to four counts of voyeurism and was fined £500. He said he set up the device to 'let off steam' because of the pressure
The search for a two-metre South American boa constrictor, on the loose on Queensland's Gold Coast, has been called off. Snake catcher Tony Harrison warned that if the large-predatory boa has Inclusion Body Disease 'it can be unbelievably contagious if that gets loose in Australia' But Biosecurity Queensland officials have now given up looking for the snake and authorities will instead put up a warning sign.
Captain Patrick Sondheimer tried to break down cockpit door to save his colleagues. But killer pilot Andreas Lubitz locked him out and crashed the plane. Shrine at Dusseldorf airport has revealed the first photograph of him. It also includes a picture of co-pilot Andreas Lubitz, who crashed the plane.
Airstrikes targeted rebel-controlled army camps in Red Sea port city of Hodeida. Targetted warehouses belonging to a factory that produces dairy products. Came as Saudi Arabia hinted it could launch ground invasion in Yemen.
Bunkie King, 60, has revealed how her three-way relationship with Jack Thompson and her sister, Leona, worked. The pair met when she was 15 years old and lived in Collaroy, Sydney's North Shore. They shared separate bedrooms and Thompson slept with both of them. Ms King also revealed how she shared one man with her sister, 20.
Police in the wealthy Los Angeles suburb of Calabasas confirmed to Daily Mail Online that Sambora is a 'person of interest' in an active investigation into criminal threats. Lund, 33, founded the Nikki Rich clothing line with Sambora and confessed last year that the pair had been having an on-off personal relationship for eight years. When their affair ended it plunged the business partnership into turmoil, just as the duo were preparing to open a boutique.
The PDSA has warned that pet obesity levels are at an all-time high. Around one in three dogs and one in four cats are already said to be overweight. Carrots were named as the worst culprits for bunny obesity.
Arnold Quintero, 21, from San Antonio, Texas faces a string of charges. Girl told police she was punched and forced to undress in front of her attacker. He faces two charges of aggravated sexual assault of a child.
Teachers said they are now being forced to spy on children during sensitive discussions as a result of new-counter terrorism rules. The National Union of Teachers suggested that Government strategies designed to tackle extremism and terrorism have instead'shut down debate' in schools. They said young people feel unable to express there views on certain subjects, such as the Charlie Hebdo killings, for fear of being branded an extremist.
Park Inn by Radisson has announced the launch of a pioneering, new virtual travel service which redefines the concept of 'holiday' E-scapes is the world's first 'virtual holiday' experience on social media. Customers appear to be on a trip away according to their social channels.
Billy-Anne Huxham, 18, was located by police on Thursday night. She was found after making contact with a family member. Her ex partner Carl Garry Chapman, 32, has been charged with a string of offences including assault, torture and deprivation of liberty. The 32-year-old was out on bail at the time of the abduction where he used a firearm to subdue the victim.
Army Chief of Staff Gen. Ray Odierno announced policy change at the Association of the United States Army conference in Huntsville, Alabama. Rules about the size and number of tattoos are also set to be dropped. An Army spokeswoman said they will go into effect in the'very near future'
Health minister Dan Poulter, Lib Dem minister Tom Brake and Labour frontbencher Gavin Shuker took part in the shoot. Each was given strict orders to eat more healthily, do more exercise and take better care of their bodies. Mr Poulter's weight fell from 105kg to 102.5kg, losing two inches off his 35in waist. His body fat fell from 24 per cent to 18 per cent.
Rodney Todd and his two sons and five daughters used a generator for power. They were last seen alive on March 28. The utility says the meter was disconnected for safety reasons on March 25. Maryland law bars utilities from terminating electric service for nonpayment of bills from November 1 through March 31.
Gibbons produce soft soft 'hoo' calls that are almost inaudible to the human ear. Scientists have found the animals use these whispers to communicate specific information to each other about predators, foraging and when meeting neighbours. The researchers spent almost four months following lar gibbons around the forests of Mo Singto in Khao Yai National Park, north east Thailand recording their calls and behaviour. They found there were six different types of calls being produced by the gibbons. While both gibbons displayed similar hoo calls, female calls were lower in frequency than male ones. Tiger and leopard hoos were similar, suggesting
Joe Giudice lost his driver's license and was fined the maximum of $10,000. He pleaded guilty in October to unlawful use of an ID and impersonation. His guilty plea included an 18-month sentence. That will run concurrent with his 41-month federal sentence for bankruptcy fraud and failing to file taxes.
Summer Robertson was volunteering in one of South Africa's poorest townships. The 21-year-old died after getting into difficulties in the water in December. Her parents have paid tribute to their 'bubbly tomboy' who died doing what she loved. Family have now launched an appeal to raise money for Guide Dogs for the Blind.
Ed Balls accused of 'letting the cat out of the bag' on tax rises. Shadow chancellor repeatedly refuses to rule out using 40p tax threshold. Number of people paying 40p tax has risen from 2m to 5m in two decades. Tories promise to raise threshold from £41,865 to £50,000 by 2020.
Gemma Flanagan, 31, from Liverpool, was left paralysed after suddenly being hit by Guillain Barre Syndrome. The rare condition attacks the nervous system and only affects one in 50,000 people in the UK. Gemma assumed partying in six-inch heels during a stopover was the cause of the pain in her legs. But she was left frozen in her own body, unable to move, speak or even swallow as the illness took hold.
Karen Davis was captured streaking by a camera car for Google Maps. The 38-year-old was bearing her size-K breasts on Barry Street in Port Pirie, South Australia. Ms Davis will be summonsed to appear in the Port Pirie Magistrates Court at a date to be determined. She has hit back at her critics claiming that 'flat-tittie chicks' are not confident enough with their own bodies.
The incident took place in Cloverdale, east Perth, on Saturday. A 51-year-old woman has been charged with a string of offences after footage of the shocking encounter went viral. Tumaini Eliazery, who filmed the incident, is a refugee from Congo. His wife Brenda Ojwang said she was assaulted by the woman earlier that day, but she decided to leave it and take her children inside.
Louis Jordan, 37, who was stranded 200 miles off the coast of North Carolina, suffered no sun damage, was not dehydrated and refused treatment when he was checked over in hospital. The Coast Guard crew who rescued him said he had a small smile on his face when they landed on his vessel, expecting him to be covered in blisters and severe sunburn and dehydration. He said he rationed his water to about a pint a day, but 'for such a long a time I was so thirsty'
Adam Crapser, 39, of Salem, was issued with deportation papers by the Department of Homeland Security in January. The father-of-three arrived in America with the name Shin Sonh Hyuk in 1979 around the age of three along with his biological sister. However, his first set of adoptive parents abandoned him and the second set turned out to be abusive. Now, after a life battling joblessness because of his lack of immigration papers, homelessness and crime, Crapser is facing deportation.
The man, Ibrahim Jalloh, along with another Australian, Bengali Sherrif, were reportedly arrested at Guangzhou Airport in June 2014. Sherrif has reportedly been sentenced to death. Jalloh’s trial is reportedly yet to commence.
David Fitzgerald, a San Francisco based author, believes he has compiled compelling evidence that proves Jesus did not exist. He claims there are no contemporary mentions of Jesus in historical accounts from the time when he was supposed to have lived. He also points to discrepancies in the early gospels of Mark, Matthew and Luke, claiming these were written decades after his supposed life. Instead he insists the disciples of Jesus were also probably not real and their names only later attached to the gospels to lend them credence.
Taliban have published bizarre biography of their supreme leader Mullah Omar. Praised one-eyed terrorist's'special' sense of humour and love of grenade launchers. Released in celebration of his 19th year as leader, dispelling speculation he died. Taliban have reportedly seen defections to ISIS recently, with some insurgents expressing disaffection with the one-eyed warrior-cleric.
Randy Johnston, 68, from Dallas, Texas, decided to leave two 'fake poops' on his granddaughters' beds. His son then went about filming the moment of discovery. But footage shows that the prank turned out to be decidedly disastrous.
Boko Haram fighters have been murdering women and girls they had taken as 'wives' Militants have also reportedly been using children as 'expendable cannon fodder' U.N. human rights chief said Boko Haram's reported use of children as shields would constitute war crimes and crimes against humanity.
Putin will consider any attempt to return Crimea to Ukraine as declaration of war. He will then take necessary step - including using nuclear weapons - to retain control of the region, according to reports. Notes from secret meeting in Germany reportedly reveal Putin is planning imminent 'destabilising actions' in Baltic states. These disturbances are thought to involve cyber attacks or ramping up local ethnic tensions in Estonia, Latvia and Lithuania.
Kourtnie A. Sanchez, 25, was arrested Monday on charges including electronic solicitation, unlawful sexual relations, solicitation of unlawful sexual relations and three counts of promoting obscenity to a minor. She was a student teacher at Marshall Elementary School in Eureka, Kansas, during the fall 2014 semester. Prosecutors allege her victims were aged between 15 and 17, and that the alleged incidents occurred over five months in 2014. However it is unclear how many victims there were. Sanchez is believed to be a married mother-of-three.
Jeralean Talley tops a list maintained by the Los Angeles-based Gerontology Research Group, which tracks the world's longest-living people. Gertrude Weaver, a 116-year-old Arkansas woman who was the oldest documented person for a total of six days, died on Monday.
Lewis Ferguson lost his balance on the final fence of the John Dufosee Memorial Hunter Chase at Wincanton. The 18-year-old was catapulted into a spectacular mid-air somersault. Merrion Square was a hotly tipped favourite to win the 4.20 at Wincanton.
Ofcom study says 4G speeds in the UK are slower than promised. Mobile phone companies boasted 4G would be five times faster than 3G. But the actual figure is actually only 2.5 times faster - 14.7 megabits per second. This is compared to 5.9Mbit/s per second on the 3G service that most people use. Evidence suggests that 4G services are likely to slow down as more people connect to them.
John R. Lind admitted tainting Pat Maahs' drink with his semen while they worked together at Beisswenger’s hardware store in New Brighton, Minnesota. Ramsey County District Court heard that he masturbated over her desk multiple times while she was away. Initially, Maahs thought the coffee smelled bad because the milk in the office was spoiled.
The victims of a horrific medical experiment run by the United States in Guatemala are now suing Johns Hopkins University. The lawsuit, which has 750 plantiffs and includes victims and their families, is seeking $1billion. In the aftermath of the experiment, some of the individuals died of syphilis, with open sores covering their bodies. Those who did survive claim they passed the disease down to their children, ending up with babies that were born blind, severely handicapped, and, in at least one case, without a brain.
RSPCA considering abandoning policy of 'pursuing pointless fox hunting prosecutions' Charity has no more legal actions left under the Hunting Act after last month's decision to drop the case against William Bryer. Fox hunting with dogs was outlawed in 2005 under Tony Blair's government.
Havasupai tribe are the smallest Indian nation in America, with just over 600 inhabitants. Positioned eight miles from the nearest road, the village of Supai is concealed at the bottom of Havasu Canyon. Visitors can reach the tribe on foot or by helicopter or mule, and experience life in the village.
Li Chien, 30, had been visiting a nearby pub in Xiulin Township, Hualien county. His bed-time ritual was interrupted by the dog from next door. Li grabbed a bread knife from his kitchen and went to his neighbour's yard.
Residents danced in the streets, blared horns and joyously waved their national flag following the breakthrough deal. Agreement aims to prevent Tehran making a nuclear weapon in exchange for phased sanction relief. Mr Rouhani also called on world powers to fulfil their part of the deal.
Depressed Donna Oettinger, 41, and son Zaki, 3, died on train tracks in March 2013. Ms Oettinger had sought urgent psychiatric help in months before tragedy. She had attempted to kill herself three months earlier but was unable to receive treatment recommended to her by doctors, inquest heard. Her mental health had declined after discovering Zaki's father, Mohammed El Shaer, had a second family in Egypt. Coroner has ruled that doctors and social services in charge of looking after Ms Oettinger, made five'significant' failures.
Mohammed Alam, Sayed Juied and Sadek Miah jailed for a total of 17 years. Trio raided 21 multi-million pound homes in west London, Surrey and Hertfordshire. They stole a Ferrari, Porches, Minis, jewellery, cash and paintings worth £1million. Police said the gang treated robbery as 'a job, a profession', surveying properties before they struck.
An unnamed Wall Street trader made a profit of approximately $2.5million on Friday thanks to a tweet from the Wall Street Journal. The trader purchased 315,800 shares of chipmaker Altera one minute after the Journal reported Intel was in talks to purchase them. Just 28 minutes later, when the market closed for the day, Altera was valued at $44.39 per share. That was an increase of 28%, but because of the call option, the trader was able to sell their stocks at a far greater profit.
More than 480 design teams submitted entries to eVolo Magazine's 2015 contest. A jury of experts chose three winners and awarded 15 other designs with honorable mentions from 480 global entries. The first place was awarded to a Polish group called Bomp for its 'natural habitat' Essence Skyscraper. Second place went to Suraksha Bhatla and Sharan Sundar from India for their Shanty-Scraper. Third place was awarded to Egor Orlov from Russia for his project Cybertopia.
Dr King historian Stuart Wexler said that the FBI destroyed vital files. He said that the bureau chose to cover up the potential role of a high level informant in the killing rather than tell the truth. Wexler told Daily Mail Online that the bureau's actions were 'disturbing' and that his research had left him suspecting that agents had mounted a deliberate operation to bury the truth forever.
Chelsea Manning, formerly known as Bradley, is serving a 35-year sentence for espionage. The 27-year-old is dictating the tweets over the phone to supporters in 'close contact' with her.
Deborah Fuller, 56, dragged her dog Tango along the B1066 in Essex. Rhodesian ridgeback was dragged for 400 metres at 30mph and suffered burns. Fuller denied causing unnecessary suffering but was convicted. She has also been banned from keeping animals for five years and had her 27 other dogs confiscated.
Sarah Theeboom stopped using shampoo six years ago after a friend told her that giving up shampoo was the secret to gorgeous locks. The writer from New York City said her hair is now silkier and 'totally frizz-free'
Ten officers from Guernsey Police executed search warrants at Eagle Medical Practice and a private residential address on the island of Alderney. Health & Social Services Department said it raised 'concerns' following the death of a patient under the care of the practice. HSSD said a doctor was excluded from treating patients at Mignot Memorial Hospital and the General Medical Council (GMC) was informed.
More than 1,000 Cuban properties are listed on the popular home-rental website. Private rooms are available for as little as $12 (£8) a night. Most of the listings are located in the capital of Havana.
Rae Johnston is one of the growing number of Australians who are dressing up in hand-made costumes of their favourite comic book, television show or movie characters. The 33-year-old tech and gaming journalist has been selected to host the Cosplay championships at this year's Oz Comic-Con. Ms Johnston said that what was once considered traditionally 'geeky' has become quite mainstream.
High school student Haneef Mubarak filmed the experiment at a school in Portland, Oregon. It was meant to show that the force of the blow would not pierce the teacher because the force was evenly distributed. Instead, the teacher took a second swing and crushed the cinder block.
The man was arrested on Saturday as part of an operation against the Revolutionary People's Liberation Party-Front. Members of the banned leftist group took senior Turkish prosecutor Mehmet Selim Kiraz hostage last week. Both the prosecutor and the hostage takers were killed after a police shoot-out.
Blue Bell Ice Cream has suspended operations at an Oklahoma production facility that officials had previously connected to a foodborne illness linked to the deaths of three people. Last month, the company and health officials said a 3-ounce cup of ice cream contaminated with listeriosis was traced to a plant in Broken Arrow, Oklahoma. The now-recalled ice cream product is not sold in retail locations and is shipped in bulk to 'institutional accounts' such as hospitals in 23 states. Listeriosis, also known as listeria, is a life-threatening infection caused by eating food contaminated with bacteria called Listeria monocytogenes.
Salvina Formosa from South Wentworthville, west of Sydney, has been taking part in step classes to improve her fitness. The 101-year-old widow now does weights and sit-to-stand exercises several times a week. The Western Sydney Local Health District's community-based Stepping On program is designed to improve strength and balance in elderly people who have had a fall or are fearful of falling. Nearly 1000 older western Sydney residents have taken part in NSW Health's program, which began in 2012.
Apple's iPhone 6 and 6 Plus have been found to last about eight hours with heavy usage and up to 22 hours with normal usage. These times have only been beaten by Samsung's latest Galaxy S6. To address these issues, the tech giant is recruiting for battery and power software experts. At least nine job listings have been spotted on Apple's official recruitment site in the past month that relate to batteries. These include one for an iOS battery life software engineer and another for iOS software power systems engineer.
A 12-year-old Israeli girl who was reportedly in the toilet is still missing. Passengers were throwing themselves into the Andaman Sea after the engine exploded and flames ripped through the boat. Photos taken by rescuers, including the Krabi Marine Police, showed the abandoned vessel burning down almost to the waterline.
Ugaaso Abukar Boocow was two when she and her grandmother fled Somalia’s civil war. The 27-year-old moved back to Mogadishu last year to be with her mum. She began posting photos as a way to let her family in Canada know that she was safe.
Gizelle Laurente said her son, Jacob, was not allowed to board a Qantas flight from Darwin to Brisbane because of his autism. Jacob was booked to fly with the airline's unaccompanied minors service. Ms Laurente said the captain of the flight came to meet her at the boarding gate. She said she was told her son had been given a higher dose of his usual medication. Qantas said it had not been given the required paperwork to clear an unaccompanied child.
Kamron T. Taylor, who has a history of escape attempts, fled from the Jerome Combs Detention Center in Kankakee at about 3 a.m. He somehow escaped from his cell, hid inside the facility, then beat and choked the guard who was making rounds, said Kankakee County Sheriff Timothy Bukowski. Taylor, a 23-year-old from Kankakee, is considered armed and dangerous. He was convicted of first-degree murder in February and faces a sentence of 45 years to life in prison.
Hakaoro Hakaoro was sentenced to 20 months in jail in January 2014 for working without a licence. The 55-year-old has been found guilty of six new complaints by the Immigration Advisors Disciplinary Tribunal. The shocking new allegations include inviting women into his house to enter a sexual relationship with him as well as asking them to carry out household duties. Hakaoro attempted to dismiss the new complaints on account of being unable to defend himself from prison.
German Red Cross worker Rene Schulthoff took the heart-breaking image. He did not realise how scared the girl was until he was editing the pictures. Girl is one of 17,000 living in Azraq camp, east of Amman, Jordan. Conflict charity War Child says thousands of children carry 'deep trauma'
Ryan Burns of Eureka, California, said he could barely believe his eyes when he went out to investigate where the beeping was coming from. He swiftly whipped out his camera phone to film the canine at the wheel. Footage shows the animal standing up with his front paws firmly pressed on the horn.
Kevin Pimentel, 12, shot dead his six-year-old brother, Brady, as they made dinner inside their mobile home in Hudson, Florida last week. He then shot his 16-year-old brother, Trevor, in the leg before turning the gun on himself. The boys' mother, Helen Campochiaro, who works two jobs to keep the family afloat, and another brother, 18, were not home at the time. As many as 400 people attended their joint funeral on Thursday.
Tiffanie DiDonato, from Swansboro, North Carolina, was born with diastrophic dysplasia, a rare form of dwarfism. She underwent numerous limb-lengthening surgeries as a child so she would grow to be 4'10 tall, instead of her previous height of 3'8.
Former paramedic Crsity Collins admitted she used ice while driving and treating patients in an effort to raise awareness about the damaging drug. The 30-year-old has slammed health services for failing to offer her support despite checking herself into the emergency room six times. She said she was never offered support despite claiming on numerous occasions that bugs were eating her eyes. Ms Collins has now been clean for nine months after seeking help from the Department of Veterans Affairs.
The tiny Himalayan kingdom is wedged between Tibet and India. It measures its success with a Gross National Happiness index. Tiger's Nest is the most sacred site in the country.
Carlos Colina, 32, pleaded not guilty in Cambridge District Court to charges of being an accessory after the fact to an assault, battery and improper disposal of a body. Remains, including a torso and limbs, first were found in a duffel bag discarded outside the building of technology company Biotech. Colina had wounds on his face and neck and a vacuum could be heard during the search when police discovered the victim's head.
Dangelo Conner, from New York, filmed himself messing around with the powerful weapon. First electrocuted a Coke can, but his antics all went horribly wrong. Decided to zap a metal bracelet while he was still holding it, sending the current through his hand and into his body.
Orgasmic meditation involves'strokes' on women's clitoris. Aim is to help women prolong the'sweet spot' experienced during orgasm. There are currently 2,000 people practicing the method in the UK.
Steven Christopher Costa, 31, plans to fight against ISIS in Iraq next month. The married father-of-two will leave his wife and young children behind. Mr Costa, who spent six years in the Navy, raised the cash to pay for flights. He was recruited through the Foreign Fighters Against ISIS Facebook group.
The Plant Gravity Sensing study will be conducted on the ISS. It will examine the cellular process of formation in thale cress. Small dishes will hold seedlings, and astronauts on the station will watch how they are able to grow inside the Japanese Kibo module. Scientists will be examining whether a plant’s ability to work out which way it is growing - the gravity sensor - can form in the absence of gravity. Results could help farmers on Earth get a higher crop yield - and may also help future astronauts grow plants on missions beyond Earth orbit to the moon and Mars.
U.S. District Judge Susan Dlott ruled this week that the tea party groups can pursue a class-action lawsuit against the IRS. She ordered the agency to hand over a list of the 298 groups that it held up tax-exemption applications based on questions like 'patriot' and 'tea party' The IRS admitted playing political favorites with the tax code beginning in 2010, when it began applying extra scrutiny to groups with red-flag words like 'patriots' or 'tea party' in their names. While those applications were held up for years, liberal groups sailed through the process.
Easy-to-drink cocktails often contain vast quantities of alcohol. Hemingway's Negroni contains 100 per cent alcohol with absolutely no mixers. Uncle Roberta is said to be the strongest cocktail in the world.
Lisa Colagrossi collapsed from a brain aneurysm and never regained consciousness on March 19. Her mother Lois Colagrossi was greeting mourners at her daughter's funeral on March 23 when she was approached by her daughter's boss Camille Edwards. Mrs Colagrossi allegedly refused to hug Edwards and told her: 'You are the reason I am standing in this church'
Kristin Holmes, 26, posted photo of herself pointing a gun on Facebook. captioned image: 'I'll post a few actual pics of me so you know the difference when you "come find me"' She then 'exchanged words' with other users on site, it is reported. After a user reported image to police, Holmes was arrested and charged. She is facing a Class 1 misdemeanor that could lead to one year in jail. Holmes, from Chesterfield, Virginia, plans to appeal against her charge.
Ukip first unveiled an immigration cap in February, with spokesman Stephen Woolfe saying the numbers being granted visas limited at 50,000. But at the start of March, Mr Farage overturned this by saying he would not set ‘arbitrary targets’ The Conservatives accused Mr Farage of ‘making up his policies as he goes along’ But Mr Farage has denied his party has made any U-turns on immigration.
Choupette, a three-year-old Siamese cat, is the world's most pampered pet. Karl Lagerfeld revealed she made £2.18million last year from TV appearances. She has appeared in two adverts and has her own Twitter and Instagram accounts. Cara Delevingne, one of the world's top models, earned £2.4million.
Green campaigners told to dress in'mainstream' fashion while knocking on doors. Manual also provides stock answers to ease voters' concerns about party. Comes amid growing scrutiny of Green Party's manifesto commitments.
Sarah Thomas, a 42-year-old mother of three from Brandon, Mississippi, has reportedly been tapped as the first woman to be hired as a full-time NFL referee. She has previously refereed preseasons games, scrimmages and minicamps after becoming part of the NFL's training program since 2013. Thomas will be among eight new hires made for the 2015 season, a source close to the matter told the LA Times.
Rob Kardashian is rarely seen out and about and is thought to have struggled with his weight gain over the last few years. He is now rarely pictured outside his house and his Instagram contains just one post. His sister Khloe has previously revealed that she believes her brother suffers from social anxiety.
Joshua Malatino and his then-girlfriend, Samantha Scott of the Snow Kone Joe ice cream truck business were charged in April 2013. The driver of a Mr. Ding-a-Ling truck said the two had repeatedly harassed and stalked him. Malatino allegedly offered his rival's customers free ice cream and boasted that he 'owned the town's ice cream truck business in Gloversville'
Latisha Fisher, 35, was arrested Monday after allegedly smothering her 20-month-old son Gavriel Ortiz to death in a bathroom at a Manhattan restaurant. She told police she was afraid someone was going to eat her son. Recently uncovered records show that Fisher was recommended for an alternative sentencing program after pleading guilty for the 2011 stabbing of her aunt. Fisher had a violent past and a history of psychiatric problems, but she was evaluated as mentally fit as recently as last year.
Paris Picnics saves customers from trawling through marché. Customers can pick from one of four picnic options on offer. Each picnic includes cutlery and a cotton blanket for lounging on.
Kathrin Goldbach and her family have reportedly fled their home in Montabaur. The 26-year-old maths teacher, her rescue volunteer brother Andreas and their parents told friends they do not plan to return. Friend of the distraught family said: ‘The hatred of the world is coming down upon her'
Jordan Waddingham made a startling discovery at Karoola, north east of Launceston in Tasmania. The 12-year-old said he followed a trail of wasps when he stumbled across the gigantic 90-kilogram nest. Experts believe it's the largest subterranean European wasp nest ever discovered with up to 100,000 wasps living inside.
Dr Michael Shannon was trapped in his burning SUV in 2011 after he was hit by a semi-truck and pinned beneath it. Paramedic Chris Trokey was one of the firefighters who helped to rescue him. The two men met again last Sunday when they both took part in a fundraiser for childhood cancer.
A 71-year-old man and 64-year-old woman were both charged with unlawfully possessing a firearm. The carcasses of more than 50 greyhounds were found at the bush site in Coonarr, near Bundaberg, on Tuesday. The pair, both from Bundaberg, will appear in the Bundaberg Magistrates Court on Friday.
Randy Pierce lost his sight when he was just 22 years old, from a neurological disease that also left him in a wheelchair. Pierce left his wheelchair for good in 2006 and has since climbed all 48 mountains in New Hampshire, as well as run 30 road races, with his guide dog Quinn. Last week he was one of only 10 percent of competitors to successfully complete the Tough Mudder's 'King of the Swingers' obstacle.
Sir Stirling Moss won 212 races during his 14-year career before Goodwood crash. The 85-year-old said he sees fitness as a 'way of life' which is why he is still so confident behind the wheel. Also spoke about how he has swapped high-octane vehicles of his heyday for a tiny electric car that has a top speed of 50mph.
Tina Campbell paid £100 for cheap hair extensions to look glamorous. A few weeks later, her scalp started to itch unbearably and she noticed lumps. Doctors said they were boils, which she'd never had before. Spent her 29th birthday in bandages after having the boils surgically removed.
Footage shows 27-year-old Jared Henry of Arkansas being knocked off his longboard to the ground while the doe spins on its stomach into a ditch. The deer apparently broke its pelvis and died while Henry recovered from the incident unscathed.
The Red Lady's remains were found in the El Mirn Cave in Cantabria, Spain. Radiocarbon dating suggests she was buried 18,700 years ago. She was 'robust, relatively tall [and] apparently healthy', explained the researchers. But the fact she was buried within the living quarters of her peers has led the anthropologists to speculate she was a person of status or authority.
Taylor Davis, 20, was seen in the Kissimmee, Florida store, touching himself and possibly following a female shopper on Tuesday. Osceola County Sheriff Deputies found the suspect in his car in the parking lot. He was arrested on disorderly conduct and criminal mischief and booked into the Osceola County Jail.
The 599 GTO is Ferrari's fastest ever road car and can hit 60mph in 3.3 seconds. The car's owner had entrusted it to a parking attendant to return it. However, the attendant mistook the throttle for the brake and mashed the car. The driver, Roberto Cinti, blamed the semi-automatic transmission.
Sussex Police has been accused of 'victim-blaming' in its campaign. Women's rights groups said rapists were to blame for sex attacks. But the poster won praise from supporters who said it was 'blindingly obvious' that it was not blaming women.
The 71-year-old's childhood home in Scarsdale, New York, hit the market this week as he prepares to face murder charges in California. But realtors have glossed over the coincidence, and the checkered past involving Durst's mother's apparent suicide when she jumped off the roof at the age of 32. With five fireplaces, a custom-designed chandelier and maids' quarters, 27 Hampton Road is certainly no hovel.
Sacramento event was trying to break the record for the world's biggest. But it descended into chaos as adults invaded the field with candy. Footage shows children as young as two being squashed by teenagers.
Traquair castle hosts the world's largest Easter Egg hunt in the maze. Learn how to be a court jester at Stirling Castle. Children can bottle feed any lambs at Carreg Cennen Castle.
Federal government regulations and the American Heart Association have for decades warned that excess salt contributes to the deaths of tens of thousands of Americans each year. As the federal government prepares its influential Dietary Guidelines for 2015, some scientists are now saying that the average American salt consumption rate carries no risk.
A passenger made the awful discovery on a train travelling between Lichfield Trent Valley and Longbridge. The smell was so bad that it forced the operator to cancel the service. London Midland said CCTV images of the culprit would be passed onto police for investigation.
Samsung will reportedly be the main supplier of the A9 chips in Apple's upcoming iPhone range. The Korean tech giant has previously supplied Apple with various iPhone parts. But following legal disputes, Apple signed a monopoly deal with TSMC in 2013. This meant around 40 per cent of iPhone 6 chips are still made by Samsung. Samsung announced better-than-expected profits for the first quarter of 2015. But profits are predicted to be 30.5% down compared to this time last year.
The labels tell the tragic stories of factory workers from Bangladesh, Cambodia and Sierra Leone. Canadian Fair Trade Network is hoping the images will make people think about the garments they are wearing and just where they have come from. Each label says that the product is 100 per cent cotton - but adds that is not the whole story.
Fergus Simpson from University of Barcelona applied a mathematical formula to assume aliens obey the same laws of conservation of energy as animals on Earth. His calculations are based on the range of body sizes of intelligent animals such as apes and humans, found on Earth. And, if they exist, he believes intelligent aliens typically weigh more than 650 lbs (300kg) - around the size of a polar bear. But the calculations don’t take into account an alien planet’s gravity.
The replica cave called the Caverne du Pont-d'Arc has been built near Vallon-Pont-D'arc in Southern France. It contains 1,000 painstakingly-reproduced drawings of 425 animals as well as around 450 bones and other features. Experts scanned the original drawings using 3D modelling techniques to capture each marking and position them correctly on the bumpy replica walls. The cave will open to the public on April 25.
Tina Sinatra said her father had a vasectomy before he fathered Ronan. Sinatra, 66, laughed when asked if Ronan Farrow was her brother. In 2013, Mia Farrow admitted that Sinatra may be the father of her son. Ronan Farrow responded by tweeting: 'Listen, we're all *possibly* Frank Sinatra's son'
Meaghan Hudson, 25, sent text messages in December 2013 saying she was suffering from multiple myeloma, a type of cancer which forms in the bone marrow. Close friends went to great lengths to show their support - they shaved their heads in solidarity and got matching tattoos of an inspirational song lyric. Meaghan's stepmother set up a fundraising website for her'medical expenses' Well-wishers sent $5,000 towards her'medical expenses' Last July, Meaghan's story fell apart after an anonymous tip was made to the Chula Vista Police Department saying that she didn't really have cancer. Meaghan was arrested in January and
Ukip leader says he wants to 'keep his mind as clear as possible' before debate. Admits he will break his drink ban at 6pm before heading into studio. David Cameron had earlier joked he would use jujitsu to 'put Nigel Farage on the floor' But the PM later backtracked, insisting there will be 'no bodily contact'
Friends of Tuti Yusupova claim she was the world's oldest person. They say both her birth certificate and passport prove she was born in 1880. Ms Yusupova's death came in the same week as Misao Okawa, 117. Ms Okawa was the world's oldest person born in 1898 at the time.
Four babies and two mothers died at Oldham Royal Hospital in eight months. Another three babies and one mother died at North Manchester General. Independent investigators called into both hospitals after deaths. Found 'notable absence of clinical leadership' in maternity wards. Also found 'failure to adequately plan care' in a number of cases.
Hand-painted psychedelic cartoon depicts eponymous submarine from 1968 film. Used as master version from which artists created all other images. Yellow Submarine was critical success on its release and led onto Beatles' 10th studio album the following year.
Maxine Fohounhedo, 30, was charged in December with kidnapping and raping a female passenger he picked up after she ordered an UberX ride. The 22-year-old woman told police she was intoxicated and fell in and out of consciousness during the ride with Fohounhedo. She alleged that she eventually woke up in Fohounhedo's apartment as he was having sex with her. She called police the next day and a rape kit was administered. Fohounhedo's attorney said the woman made a pass at his client when he first picked her up and then they 'went back
Indonesia's attorney-general says Andrew Chan and Myuran Sukumaran will be executed soon. The pair's last ditch legal appeal against their death row sentence was heard on Monday in Jakarta's state administrative court. The court decided against allowing the pair's lawyers to challenge Indonesian President Joko Widodo's decision to deny the two Australians clemency. Lawyers for the men now plan to challenge the constitutional court to outline the president's obligations in clemency. Chan, 31, and Sukumaran, 33, have been awaiting execution on the death island of Nusakambangan with
India Mayhew, seven, suffered serious head injuries after horse bolted. Horse bolted at riding facility in Matheran, 20 miles east of Mumbai. She was rushed to hospital but doctors declared her dead on arrival.
Alison Hall, 48, was at work when she felt her chest tightening and took out her blue salbutamol inhaler. She took a sharp breath and felt something shoot to the back of her throat. After five minutes of choking, a false nail finally came loose from the back of her throat and fell out onto the pavement. She believes the nail may have worked its way inside the inhaler through a gap at the top.
Ruanne Dellal, 61, is suing six of her late husband's children. She says they must have been given vast chunks of his fortune in secret. Mr Dellal, known as 'Black Jack', was a regular at Mayfair casinos. He died in October 2012, aged 89, and left his entire estate to Mrs Dellal. But she discovered in her will that it amounts to just £1.7million.
Charlie Chaplin married second wife Lita Grey in 1924 when she was 16. The union lasted just three years with the teenager lifting the lid on marriage. Chaplin was said to have bedded the impressionable 16-year-old after promising her marriage and then tried to convince her to have an abortion when she fell pregnant. The 50-page divorce papers were sent to the 1st National Bank of Los Angeles on the 11th Jan 1927. Almost a century later they are being sold by Parade Antiques on Plymouth for £15,000.
Dr Julie Epstein has been found guilty of medical misconduct. The Sydney anti-ageing doctor prescribed anabolic steroids to 40 patients, some of whom had a history of abusing similar drugs. The tribunal also found she was irresponsible diagnosing medications such as steroids and keeping inaccurate patient records. A hearing set to be held in April will determine whether Dr Epstein's medical licence will be cancelled.
National School Safety and Security Services reviewed more than 800 school threats covered in the media during the first half of the 2014-15 academic year. Researchers found that about one-third of cases involved violent remarks sent anonymously via text message, social media, email or other online means. In many cases, swift action is taken with lockdowns and evacuations. However, authorities say the majority of the time threats turn out to be hoaxes.
The Chicago Cubs lost their opening game 3-0 to the St Louis Cardinals on Sunday night. Thousands of fans were forced to wait more than an hour to get to one of only two working bathrooms at Wrigley Field. Disgusted fans uploaded pictures to social media showing the intense queues and plastic glasses filled with urine.
The 'Pie-egg-ra' dish contains one and a half Cadbury's Creme Eggs. It is served with chips and costs £2.75 at Mr Eaters Fish and Chips in Preston.
Lindsey Norman spotted the image of Jesus Christ in a hot cross bun. The mother-of-two bought the buns from Sainsbury's in Peterborough. She said it made her 'giggle' when she saw the uncanny resemblance.
Black tea has high levels of oxalate, a chemical known to produce kidney stones and even lead to kidney failure if consumed in excessive doses. The 56-year-old Arkansas man drank anywhere from 3 to 10 times the amount of iced tea an average American takes in.
Fashion Police co-host's memoir Going Off Script is released on Tuesday. Giuliana has detailed her tumultuous relationship with Jerry O'Connell in the tell-all book. She claims he cheated on her with Geri Halliwell from The Spice Girls.
Kellie, 61, started the process to change gender two years ago. She underwent final surgery last week and is now recovering at home. Former boxing promoter is 'proud to be the woman I should've always been'
Ivan Carlos, 22, and eighteen-year-old Brenda Avilez were sleeping in a trailer at the Lone Oak Mobile Home Park in Palmetto at around 2.30am Wednesday. The driver of the white Chevrolet SUV lost control of the vehicle and crashed through the Park's fence, killing the couple. Avilez was nine months pregnant at the time, the fetus did not survive. The driver, 35-year-old Christian Crawford, who had recently been released from prison, was taken to a hospital with non-life-threatening injuries.
The Milat Letters is a compilation of 94 letters from Ivan Milat to his nephew Alistair Shipsey. Milat is serving seven consecutive life sentences for the murders of seven backpackers in NSW between 1989 and 1992. In the letters, he tells Shipsey about his 'fair share' of'sheilas', who write'some frightening things' - and one woman who has even proposed. 'I have done this purely to show how the system can vilify a person without giving them a fair trial or a chance to appeal to his convictions,' Shipsey says.
Lara Logan is back home and recovering after being hospitalized for the fourth time this year. She is said to be resting at her home in the Washington DC area but working on upcoming stories. A close family friend of Logan's, financial pundit Ed Butowsky, confirmed late last month that the 43-year-old had been hospitalized. 'In spite of everything she’s had to face in the last two years, people have no idea the physical suffering she has been enduring,' said Butowsky. Logan was the victim of a'sustained and brutal' sexual assault as she reported from Cairo on the
Cressida Bonas, 26, split from Prince Harry last year. Has been spotted at fashion shows and Glastonbury music festival. Spotted dancing through Mulberry's new Spring/Summer 2015 ad campaign video.
Hot spot, near the Four Corners intersection of Arizona, Colorado, New Mexico and Utah, covers only about 2,500 square miles. Nasa map shows is produces more than triple the standard ground-based estimate - and researchers say they don't know why.
The Productivity Commission has suggested that extending the length of working visas for live-in nannies from overseas could help tackle the childcare shortage. By working in Australia nannies from Indonesia and the Philippines can learn English and send money home. Labor Opposition Leader Bill Shorten says that's not the way to solve the big challenges in childcare.
John and Elizabeth Knott lived in 'idyllic' £500,000 cottage in Bosbury, Herefordshire. Mr Knott, 71, had been struggling to cope with wife's Alzheimer's. He was also caring for his wife of 37 years as she struggled to cope with disease. Mr Knott was said to be fighting plans for a gipsy camp in a paddock close to the couple's 300-year-old cottage. He feared the camp would affect the value of their home, an inquest heard. For confidential support call the Samaritans in the UK on 08457 90 90 90, visit a local Samaritans
The Tham Khoun Ex caves, commonly known as Xe Bang Fai River caves, feature imposing stalagmitemade of mineral deposits. There is even a vibrant forest thriving at the upstream entrance to the caves, contrasting with the enormous white and orange banks of terraces flowstone. The cave is only able to be safely accessed during the dry season from November to April.
Richard and Angela Maxwell scooped £53,193,914 on Tuesday's Euromillions draw. The couple, both 67, have only modest plans for what to do with the windfall. Mr Maxwell said he was in shock when he saw only one ticket had won. He kept the win to himself for four more hours until his wife came home. Mrs Maxwell said she thought her husband was playing an April Fool's Day joke.
Diane and Bob Greenberg raised their children in separate faiths. Katie, 24, is a devout Catholic, while Steven, 21, is an Orthodox Jewish.
Star Reader was diagnosed with Biliary Atresia within days of being born. Her parents were told she would need a liver transplant to survive. Neither parent was a suitable match, so her aunt offered part of her liver. Star underwent the operation in November and has since made a good recovery.
Virginia Roberts claimed she was forced to have sex with the Duke of York. She had hoped to join a lawsuit involving Andrew's friend Jeffrey Epstein. Judge Kenneth Marra ruled her claims should be struck from the court record.
Outage 'briefly had an impact on the White House complex' but it was 'back on the regular power source' by the time he began his briefing. The impact on the White House was'minimal,' he said, but was unable to say how many offices in the West Wing were affected. The cause of the outage was not immediately known, but the Department of Homeland Security has said there's no evidence of malicious intent or terrorism related activity.
Jeffrey Williams, 20, is accused of shooting and wounding the officers on March 12 during an early-morning rally sparked by the resignation of Ferguson's police chief. All inmates are informed their phone conversations while behind bars are recorded and can be used as evidence against them. Despite being warned that phone calls from prison can be used as evidence, Williams spoke freely about the incident in calls made from the St. Louis County Justice Center.
Mail investigation revealed how Pharmacy 2U was selling NHS patients' details. Now we can reveal that at its helm is the disgraced banker Andy Hornby. Mr Hornby was in charge of HBOS when it collapsed in 2008. He faces calls to step down from his role as non-executive chairman of Pharmacy 2U.
A photo of Rosa Camfield, 101, cradling her new-born great-granddaughter Kaylee became an online sensation before it was announced that Rosa had sadly passed away on Monday. Rosa had three children, five grandchildren and 10 great-grandchildren. As of Wednesday afternoon, the photo had received over 2.5 million likes and nearly 78,000 shares.
Miami Herald columnist Lesley Abravanel told Daily Mail Online exclusively that sources close to Dr Fredric Brandt said he had hanged himself. The City of Miami Police Department confirmed that Dr Brandt's death was a suicide by hanging on Monday. Abravanel said Brandt, 65, was 'devastated' recently over rumors comparing him to a character on the Netflix show, Unbreakable Kimmy Schmidt. Publicist Jacquie Tract did not reveal information about the illness, cause of death or the circumstances of the death.
One of the cubs, named Little Star, was carried away in a Jack Russell's mouth. Another, Vogue, was picked up in the village Vogue near Redruth, Cornwall. The third, Scrumpy, was found near Cheddar in Somerset. All are vaccinated against Bovine TB, before they reduce human contact.
'Now that this is behind us, let's move forward together with a renewed commitment to the civility and respect that make this state great,' Indiana Governor Mike Pence said after signing his state's amended measure. The Arkansas legislature also passed changes to its legislation at the behest of the state's Republican Governor Asa Hutchinson. Hutchinson rejected a previous version of the bill at the last minute on Wednesday following public uproar and a personal plea from his son.
Christian Englander, 30, threw a banana peel at Dave Chappelle during a show in Santa Fe, New Mexico, on Monday night. He was escorted out of the venue and arrested. On Thursday, he threw another peel at a man outside a bar. Englander said the first attack was because Chappelle mocked his friend's name. He ate the banana and washed it with 99 Bananas liquor before the show. Chappelle told police he believed the banana toss was racially motivated. Englander has not been charged with the reported attack.
Delta's new pet GPS allows owners to track their pets in real time. The $50 service is available from 10 US airports including Atlanta and Los Angeles. Delta has had a number of animal related incidents in the past.
In first standoff, officers fired 'toward vicinity' of Tamerlan and Dzhokhar Tsarnaev. They also reportedly failed to appropriately aim their guns, says report. Shortly after, an officer mistakenly fired on a police vehicle. This caused'many officers to fire at boat in belief they were being shot at' Report was released by Massachusetts Emergency Management Agency. Despite findings, it praises many other aspects of emergency response.
Honolulu Museum of Art handed over seven rare artifacts in its possession. Authorities found they had been smuggled into the U.S. by former New York art dealer Subhash Kapoor. He is facing charges in India and officials say he created false provenances for the antiquities.
A new series of photographs of the late artist Frida Kahlo have been released. The images were taken by Gisle Freund, a German-born French photographer. Frida Kahlo: The Gisle Freund Photographs is published by Abrams.
Xiangyu Ouyang, 26, was on a state-sponsored scholarship from Singapore when authorities say she began dosing the bottles with paraformaldehyde--a potentially deadly form of embalming fluid--starting last September. Now, the recipient of Singapore's prestigious Agency for Science, Technology and Research scholarship has been dropped from the top university and could face as many as 8 years in prison.
Five-month-old Elijah suffers from fatal genetic disease Type 1 Spinal Muscular Atrophy (SMA) Doctors say he won't live to see his second birthday. His parents have started a bucket list to make sure he 'lives a full life' They visited the Sydney Royal Easter Show at the weekend.
Antti Pendikainen soars through the air with a parachute attached to his snowmobile in Riksgrnsen, Sweden. The Finnish stunt performer defied gravity by floating effortlessly above the snowy peaks of Riksgrnsen.
Professor Lisa Feigenson at Johns Hopkins University in Baltimore studied 11-month-olds because they were old enough to sit and watch the ball. Babies were surprised when a ball seemed to pass through a solid wall. They were similarly perplexed when a toy car appeared to defy gravity. After seeing the ball trick babies would bang it on the table more as they attempted to uncover its secrets. This suggests babies learn from the unexpected, something important in a world in which we are constantly bombarded with information.
The three men - Thomas Jordan Driver, 25, David Elliot Moran, 47, and Charles Thomas Newcomb, 42 - were arrested Thursday and each faces one state count of conspiracy to commit murder. The state said the murder plot started after Driver, an officer at the Department of Corrections Reception and Medical Center in rural north Florida, had a fight with the inmate. The FBI was initially alerted to the murder plot by a confidential informant inside the Klan, according to an arrest affidavit.
Dubai-based Emirates referred to apparent near-miss as 'air traffic control incident' Neither the Dubai carrier nor Abu Dhabi-based Etihad Airways would say how close the two planes came to each other. However a Resolution Advisory (RA) was given to both planes, which means the distance between the two aircraft could have resulted in a collision within 25 seconds.
Blair made unannounced visit to Ulaanbataar last month in capacity as a consultant to the cash-strapped government. There is concern over plans for development of the sacred pine-covered Noyon Uul region around 65 miles north of Ulaanbaatar. Noyon Uul is dotted with the burial mounds of the rulers of the ancient Hun civilisation, dating back to the first century BC.
Researchers cut real skin samples and then attempted to rip them apart. Using X-ray beams they were able to directly observe the microscopic changes that take place in skin to help it resist tearing. They found the curly fibers of collagen that make up dermis of the skin straighten and stretch in response to a tear to share the load and prevent further damage. Scientists hope their findings could eventually lead to stronger new materials that do not easily tear that could be used in aircraft.
48-year-old tourist wrote her name and the day's date on the dome. Officials said the eyeliner pencil did not leave any permanent marks. It is the second time in four weeks that Italian police have charged a holidaymaker for defacing one of the country's top landmarks.
Marvin "Papi Gallo" Jones and Ramon Luis Nicolas were in the middle of a bout when the black phone slipped out from Jones' black and red shorts. Referee Frankie Santore Jr. went over to pick up the Samsung Galaxy and looked like he was chastising Jones, who seemed confused. Jones later told TMZ Sports that he was listening to music before the fight and put his phone in his shorts.
Bridewell Prison in Liverpool is being developed into a luxury hotel chain. The Grade II listed building was once home to men and women detained for petty crimes. The rooms have been transformed into bright and airy abodes, a far cry from the desolate cells they once were.
Ashley Doody, 30, was arrested on Sunday after allegedly stabbing her mixed-breed dog, Trixie. Aroostook County Sheriff's Office say Doody was acting aggressively and exhibiting unpredictable behavior. The sheriff says the dog lost a lot of blood but was taken to a veterinarian and is expected to survive. Doody has been charged with aggravated cruelty to animals.
Charlene Bishop, who is 17 months old, went to feed her pony Taffee on Wednesday and was worried when she didn't meet her at the gate as normal. Her mother Danielle Flisher went to investigate and found the Shetland lying on the floor and dying from horrific head injuries. The left side of Taffee's skull was completely caved in, her left eye was battered out of its socket and concrete was embedded in her brain. Vets called to the field in Boxley, near Gillingham, Kent, had no option but to put the distressed pony down.
Agents have started the hunt for the buyers of the renovated three-bedroom properties in trendy South Yarra. The apartments will be open to the public on April 11-12, with thousands of people expected to turn up for a look. Teams will be hoping to do better than The Block Glasshouse duos, including Darren and Dea.
More than 1,000 GP training posts are vacant across the UK. In the East Midlands, 64 per cent of posts are unfilled. In the West Midlands, 47 per cent of posts are empty. Across the south coast 41 per cent of places remain unfilled. Doctors warn the figures mean we may be heading for a GP recruitment crisis.
Margaret Atwood dismissed Duchess of Cambridge as 'uneventful dresser' Said she thinks duchess is cautious when it comes to clothes and is told what to wear by advisers. But she added she is right not to follow in Diana's footsteps.
Qantas warned in February that it would begin strictly enforcing its business class lounge dress code from April 1. But not everyone got the memo. Disgruntled customers who did not get the memo about the newly enforced Qantas dress code have posted their complaints on social media. Singlets, bare feet, and rubber thongs 'in most cases' will be deemed unacceptable in capital city lounges.
Misty Machinshok, 33, 'coached' Gary Machinshok, 29, on best positions to rape. She planned to tell friends the girl got pregnant at a house party. He admitted raping her 'every few days' in 2013, and sexually assaulting her sister. Mrs Machinshok jailed for 15 to 30 years; he will be sentenced this month.
Alfred Hitchcock was born in 1899 in Leytonstone, East London. His first work, in 1927, was about a man wrongly accused of being Jack The Ripper. His skill was to merge larger-than-life melodramas with mundane tasks.
Voters lodged complaints about aggressive campaigning tactics on polling day. Others accused politicians of 'fly-posting' while scraps broke out over political views. Details refer to by-elections in Clacton, Heywood and Middleton, Newark, Rochester and Strood, and Wythenshawe and Sale East.
Jean-Marie Le Pen said he had 'never regretted' making similar statements. His daughter and current leader of the party Marine Le Pen immediately distanced herself from the comments. She said she 'deeply disagrees' with her 'deliberately provocative' father.
A new 10-year study from New World Wealth has found Ho Chi Minh City to be one of the fastest growing cities in the world among the super-rich. Over the past 10 years, the percentage of multi-millionaires globally has grown by 71 per cent. In the United States, Houston, Texas, is now home to 1,420 more multi-millionaires than it was a decade ago.
The 38-year-old suspect stripped down to his underwear and jumped into Brush Creek in Kansas City, Missouri, after being stopped by police. When firefighters tried to pull him out, he threatened them with a log. Police officers armed with a BB gun went after the nighttime bather and apprehended him.
Alex Stock spoke out after he featured in discredited UVA rape story. Was portrayed as callous social climber who discouraged victim from speaking out. Said the magazine should be held accountable for not sacking Sabrina Erdley. 'I think the Rolling Stone absolutely should be held accountable', he said.
Anthony Ray Hinton, 58, was released in the morning from the Jefferson County Jail in Birmingham, Alabama. He hugged tearful family members as he walked out and was embraced by his sister, Darlene Gardner. Hinton was freed after prosecutors admitted earlier this week that they couldn't find evidence that a gun found at his home fired the bullets used in two brutal 1985 murders.
Environmental activists rescued 40 crew from a sinking ship it suspected of conducting illegal fishing. The Nigerian-flagged Thunder was being tracked by the charity Sea Shepherd. The Thunder's captain and crew manned life rafts late on Monday after the ship was scuttled. Sea Shepherd's vessels Bob Barker and Sam Simon rescued the men from the ocean.
Adele Berry was sent a string of texts from a Vodafone call centre worker. The man, who said his name was 'Miguel', referred to himself as her 'future hubby' He also asked her about his 'in laws' and promised to buy her shoes. The man has now been suspended by Vodafone pending an investigation.
Abdel-Kader Russell-Boumzar was granted bail in Brisbane's Magistrate Court on Thursday after a 69 day stint behind bars. The 17-year-old shot to notoriety last October when a video of him spitting on and racially abusing 56-year-old train guard Josphat Mkhwananzi went viral. He was charged with numerous offences, including serious assault, creating a disturbance and racial vilification. Magistrate Vasta said Russell-Boumzar was currently 'public enemy number one' and warned him he would be targeted once released on bail.
These exclusive pictures obtained by Daily Mail Online show dermatologist and cosmetic surgeon to the stars, Dr Fredric Brandt, the year he graduated from Frank H Morrell High, Irvington, New Jersey. They were taken at the age of 18, when he was, in his own words, just ‘a Jewish kid from Newark,’ and before he had transformed himself, in every sense, into the figure lampooned on Netflix show ‘Unbreakable Kimmy Schmidt,’ with such devastating consequences.
2015 marks the bicentenary of the Battle of Waterloo. Napoleon certainly didn’t surrender at Waterloo. While the British know what happened, the French-speaking world is less convinced.
Sinbad the ginger tabby cat travelled from Alexandria Port in Egypt to Moreton-on-Lugg, Herefordshire. He was discovered by staff at Mediterranean Linens in Moreton-on-Lugg after they heard strange noises. The eight-month-old kitten had made a bed for himself in one of the boxes. He has now gone into quarantine in Bristol for four months and will be re-homed.
An Audience with Jimmy Savile will open in London in June. Author Jonathan Maitland said people are'ready' for it to be shown. The late comedian's depraved behaviour was exposed in a TV documentary. Maitland said the public are eager to know when they will be able to see it.
Singer, 24, models colourful new range of eyeliners, lipsticks and nail varnishes. Recently unveiled her own festival-inspired range, Rimmel: Colourfest Lip and Nail Collection by Rita Ora, for the beauty giant.
Kevin Perz, 56, graduated from Parkway Central High School in Chesterfield, Missouri, in 1977. He has been looking up the teachers he has the fondest memories of from his days. Over the past few years he has been mailing them a 'gift' It started in 1992, when he sent a check to his calculus teacher made out for $5,000. Then in 2002, he sent a $10,000 check to his former business teacher. He recently sent Marilyn Mecham, his onetime home economics teacher, a check for $10,000.
Clarkson was involved in a 'fracas' with Top Gear producer Oisin Tymon. He punched him in the mouth and verbally abused him for 20 minutes. Mr Tymon went to A&E for treatment after the incident at a hotel in Hawes. But the Top Gear producer told police he did not want to press charges.
Richard Curry was told he had malignant melanoma in his septum. The 71-year-old was warned that he would have to have his nose removed. But he could be fitted with a prosthetic nose to stop the cancer spreading. Had to have metal implants inserted into his cheekbones and nasal cavity.
Buildings owner Haria Hrynenko could face charges over blast. Two people were killed in the explosion in the East Village last week. Utility workers discovered the gas line to the restaurant had been illegally tapped in August, it has emerged.
The 20-month-old boy had reportedly been choking and struggling to breathe on March the 23rd. He was rushed to Coolah District Hospital by emergency services but sadly died shortly after. Police are treating the incident as suspicious and executed a crime scene warrant on Wednesday.
Thunderbirds will return to our screens tonight 50 years after the futuristic puppet show launched and landed all over the world. However, the jerky puppets that rescued the world have been replaced by CGI images to create an entirely new look. Jamie Anderson said the CGI characters did not have the same charm as the 'lovingly detailed' miniature puppets.
Robert Mccombs told a court in Grand Rapids, Michigan on Wednesday that Steven Carl Day admitted to him and his roommate Roger Musick that he molested a young relative and that he was molesting other young girls. 'Day said he thought one of the girls was starting to like it,' Mccombs testified. 'When I saw him in the choke-hold, his arms were down, his eyes were bulging. He wasn't moving,' Mccombs told the court.
David Cameron reiterates pledge to offer cut-price properties to 200,000 young first-time buyers. Project, launched last month, is part of a dramatic extension of the Help to Buy scheme. Houses would be 20 per cent cheaper than market value and reserved for first-time buyers under the age of 40.
Chocolate sculpture was commissioned by UKTV to celebrate screening of Sherlock. Took eight people 250 man hours to create and weighs 40kg. Reaction to the sculpture at Westfield Stratford City was mixed.
Kentucky guard Andrew Harrison muttered 'f*** that n****' into a live microphone after the Wildcats lost to the Wisconsin Badgers 71-64 Saturday night. The loss ruined Kentucky's undefeated season; they finished 38-1. The program looked into the matter.
Tanya Heath Paris features hundreds of heel varieties that slide and click into place, and can be released at the push of a button. A high heel (up to 3.5 inches) can be swapped for a lower heel (1.5 inches), without compromising the style.
Fear of spiders is a survival trait written into our DNA, researchers have discovered. Dating back hundreds of thousands of years, the instinct to avoid arachnids developed as an evolutionary response to a dangerous threat. It could mean that arachnophobia, one of the most crippling phobias, represents a finely tuned survival instinct.
Keith Anderson attacked two men who he asked for a cigarette last year. He left one, an Army Lance Corporal, in a coma and severely brain damaged. The 28-year-old thug 'bounced around, triumphantly like a boxer' after the assaults, a court heard this week. Lance Corporal Albert Duffy's military career had been ruined by the attack.
Andrew Getty, 47, was heir to the vast Getty oil fortune. Police say a woman called them to his home on Tuesday, saying he had suffered a heart attack. Investigators say he had been having severe stomach problems. They believe he died of natural causes or an accident.
Kyhesha-Lee Joughin was found dead at her father's home in Petrie, north of Brisbane, on March 30, 2013. Her father Matthew Lee Williamson and his friend Christopher Arthur Neville Kent, who also lived in the house and cared for the child in the days prior to her death, are each charged with manslaughter and child cruelty. The bail hearing revealed Kyhesha-Lee succumbed to massive bowel injuries after being struck days before her death. Williamson allegedly locked his daughter in the bedroom while he slept during the day, forcing her to defecate and urinate in the room.
Documents claim Britain spied on Argentina between 2006 and 2011. They include allegations Britain implanted computer viruses and circulated false propaganda to discredit the Argentine government, it has been reported. Revelations come in wake of heightened tensions with Argentina over oil find. Argentina invaded Falklands in 1982, leading to war that cost 260 British lives.
The Ashton Canal in Manchester was turned into a giant bubble bath after a fire at a nearby chemical plant. The water used by firefighters to dampen down the flames mixed with the detergent being stored in the burning buildings. This then turned into a huge wall of foam when it drained into the canal, which runs in the shadow of Manchester City's Etihad Stadium. The Environment Agency have launched an investigation to assess if the foam has impacted on wildlife.
Mindy Kaling has denied knowing anything about her brother's controversial choice to reveal he pretended to be an African American to get into medical school. Vijay Chokal-Ingam, 38, has admitted his sister Mindy Kaling is 'ashamed' of him for opening up about his alleged experience ahead of the release of his new book, Almost Black. He claims in 1998 he shaved his head, trimmed his 'long Indian eyelashes' and joined the Organization of Black Students.
Local Government Association warned they may not be able to create more places at the rate that is needed. Two in five local authorities in England will have more children ready to start school than there are places by September 2015. This will increase to more than half by 2017/18 and to three in five by the following year.
Hannah and Alex spent a year and a half building their home on the back of a 1986 Hino flatbed truck. The two-bedroom, two-bath home is powered mostly by solar panels.
Teresa James, 40, believes the discomfort involved with teeth whitening is worth it for the end result of a bright smile. Almost a third of Britons are now preoccupied with whitening their teeth. Research this week revealed the highest-earning cosmetic dentists made a collective turnover of £1 billion last year.
Pregnant woman was left in water clinging to hull of overturned trimaran. Her partner ensured she was safe, then tied a rope around himself. He then dived under the vessel to retrieve a flare to alert rescuers.
The freezer trawler with an international crew of 132 sank this morning. It sank 205 miles off Russia's Kamchatka Peninsula in the Sea of Okhotsk. 63 crew members of the Dalny Vostok were rescued with the sea's temperature near zero degrees Celsius - but a further 15 are still missing.
109 million Chinese tourists spent $164 billion abroad last year. Chinese authorities to contact police, customs and bank credit agencies. Bad behaviour will include disorder on public transportation.
Chelsea Ellen Bruck, 22, has been missing almost six months, police said. Monroe County Sheriff's Major Jeff Kemp reported that the search was arranged after investigators received a tip from a citizen about the area in Flat Rock. The Maybee woman was dressed as the comic villain Poison Ivy when she attended a Halloween party October 26 in Frenchtown Township.
Jodie Barden's daughters Ella, eight, and Chloe, one, have Cockayne Syndrome. Cockayne Syndrome is a rare genetic disorder that causes premature ageing. It also causes an underdeveloped nervous system and a small head. Mrs Barden has been forced to plan both daughters' funerals. She said: 'There's no cure and there's not much the doctors can say'
Tories accuse Labour of a crude new attempt to 'weaponise' the NHS. Miliband claimed Coalition had made it harder to get a GP appointment. He said there were now 600 fewer GP surgeries open during evenings and weekends than before the previous election. But critics pointed out that the GP crisis is widely blamed on Labour's GP contracts.
Only three countries in the world are more likely to have a female boss. Jamaica, Columbia and Saint Lucia have the highest percentage. Britain ranked relatively poorly, coming in at 41st place.
Andrew Mogni, 20, from Glen Ellyn, Illinois, had only just arrived for a semester program in Italy when the incident happened in January. Was flown back to Chicago via air ambulance on March 20, but he died on Sunday. Initial police reports indicated the fall was an accident but authorities are investigating the possibility that Mogni was robbed.
Most Rev Justin Welby said victims were 'witnesses, unwilling, unjustly, wickedly, and they are martyrs in both senses of the word' Pope Francis made similar statements during Easter Sunday Mass at St Peter's Square in the Vatican. He also made a nod to the recent agreement between Iran and the international community over its nuclear power.
A 10-year-old autistic boy was locked in a 2m by 2m structure by his teachers at a Canberra school. The principal has been removed from the school and two teachers with expertise in disability education have been assigned to the school. ACT Education Director-General Diane Joseph said the 'confronting' structure was 'entirely inappropriate and unacceptable'
Europe-wide survey of 19,000 people revealed the more a country paid to the unemployed or sick, the more likely its residents were to want a job. In Norway, which pays the highest benefits in Europe, almost 80% of people wanted a job. In Estonia, one of the least generous countries, only around 40% did.
Denise and Glen Higgs, from Braunton, Devon, lost hope they would conceive after Glen was made infertile due to cancer treatment. But using his frozen sperm, doctors successfully created eight embryos through IVF fertility treatment and the couple had a daughter Mazy, born three years ago. The couple tried again using the same batch and Denise gave birth to twins Carter and Carson last week.
Hayley Adams, 29, sneaked into William Tanner's room and took cash. CCTV device was put in room by his daughter Angela Wrenn, 56. Ms Wrenn expressed concern that his money kept going missing. But she discovered culprit was Adams, mother to Mr Tanner's great-grandchildren. Adams convicted of three counts of theft but escaped with community order.
Clinton has reportedly signed a lease for two floors of office space in Brooklyn, New York – the epicenter of hipster culture. It's not clear whether the campaign itself or some other legal entity signed on the dotted line. But putting ink to paper at the aristocratic-sounding 1 Pierrepont Plaza has started a countdown clock.
New York is in the throes of a cultural revolution - but MOMA is still brilliant. Brooklyn and Queens are the beneficiary of a recent gentrification programme. While Iceland boasts an effortless flair for design and a natural cool, New York has clearly worked on it.
A student expelled from George Mason University for violating its sexual misconduct policy is suing in federal court to clear his name. He argues that an encounter with a girlfriend was sadomasochistic role playing, not sexual assault. The university is demanding he identify himself publicly, despite arguments that doing so would expose not only him but the woman who says she was assaulted. The sexual misconduct allegations stem from an October 2013 encounter with the couple in the male student's dorm room on the Fairfax campus.
Nicholas Figueroa, 23, was killed in gas explosion and building collapse last month. He was on second date with 26-year-old busboy, Moises Locon, at sushi restaurant. Last week, his body was pulled from building's rubble alongside Mr Locon. On Tuesday, hundreds of mourners gathered to bid an emotional farewell. Mr Figueroa's mother, Ana, wept as she watched son's casket being loaded into hearse. Father, Nixon, told mourners: 'I'm here but I'm broken. My son is broken. My wife is broken. It hurts... It
BBC axed Richard Hammond and James May from Top Gear website. Previously featured trio alongside The Stig at the top of the page. But now racing driver appears solo in his white helmet. Comes after Jeremy Clarkson was sacked for 'unprovoked' attack on producer.
Michelle Pfeiffer is set to star in a new television comedy about a morning news program produced by Katie Couric. The series was created by Diane English, who was behind the show Murphy Brown, about a female news anchor. Couric will serve as an executive producer and help 'ensure the series strikes realistic notes' The ladies are currently in talks with HBO, Showtime, AMC, Netflix and Amazon to pick up the program.
Rama the elephant, who completed paintings with his trunk, died Monday, Oregon Zoo officials announced. His leg was injured after female elephants shoved him into a moat in 1990. The elephant's 32nd birthday would have taken place on Wednesday.
John Howard, 66, was treasurer of the Overseas Press and Media Association. Father-of-three had sole access to the non-profit organisation's account. He spent thousands on meals, groceries, flowers and trips to France. His fraud was only uncovered after the association had problems paying creditors. Howard was jailed for two and a half years and mouthed 'I'm sorry' to former colleague as he left the dock at Canterbury Crown Court.
Both men were asked their opinion on the practice of sending sexy text messages in a quiz for Cosmopolitan's website. Green Party leader Natalie Bennett responded that it is 'OK for other adults but not for me' Education Secretary Nicky Morgan answered: 'A bit too risky, thank you very much!'
Clarkson University scientists claim that older buildings where hauntings are usually reported, often have poor air quality from pollutants like toxic mould. Exposure to the mould can cause mood swings, irrational anger and cognitive impairment, among other problems. spores have been linked with mood swings, hyperactivity, and irrational anger, as well as cognitive impairment.
Kristi Gordon, of British Columbia's news channel Global BC, was joined by her fellow anchors Robin Stickley and Squire Barnes as they reflected upon the degrading comments the mom has received about her second pregnancy.
A Sydney psychologist has surrendered his registration after a woman claimed he told her she had 'nice t**s' during a consultation. Darryl Dewar hugged his client, patted her head, directed her to sing and used offensive language. The woman, who was having suicidal thoughts at the time, also claimed he called her 'a horny little thing' The woman said Mr Dewar stroked her hair, pushed her head into his shoulder and invited her on a trip with him.
Car veered off road and landed upside down on top of 16-year-old driver. Girl, who has not been identified, was trapped for more than four hours. Took dozens of emergency responders from multiple agencies five hours to extricate her. Believed to have only suffered minor injuries because of depression in roof.
Victoria's Secret caused huge backlash when it unveiled campaign slogan 'The Perfect Body' Last year, more than 27,000 people signed a Change.com petition. A few days later, the US lingerie firm changed the wording of the advertisement.
Dimitri Harrell, 21, allegedly shot Samirria White, 19, at St Paul home. He then 'held gun to her face while carrying couple's three-month-old' Then'shot victim in the face at close range', according to police. Now, Harris has been charged with second-degree murder at court in Minnesota. If convicted, he faces up to 40 years in prison; he remains in custody.
Tiffany Jackson was arrested for driving while her licence was suspended. Pupils at Highland Oaks Middle School in Memphis posted the picture online. Three students were suspended for three days for 'inappropriate use of media' But officials later overturned the decision after a backlash from parents.
American YouTube user KentuckyFriedIdiot filmed himself teaching his newborn daughter how to suck a plastic water bottle. To date the clip has been watched more than 190,000 times, with many viewers deeming it 'cute' and 'adorable'
Tiffany Sical, 21, and Bryan Rodriguez-Solis, 23, killed in crash on Sunday. Joel Norman, 24,'speeded wrong up highway and collided head-on with their car' Couple's six-year-old daughter, Jaylene, left orphaned in Providence crash. Norman arrested and charged with driving under the influence and death resulting. Also charged with two counts of driving to endanger - death resulting.
Ferme de Montagne proprietors Suzanne Dixon-Hudson and her architect husband Henry suggested we meet there for cocktails as they were in the capital, pre-winter season, ‘on business’. Staff spend a mandatory week working and gaining experience at The Dorchester before the start of each new season. Les Gets is well placed in the giant Portes du Soleil area, which has 400 miles of groomed pistes.
A spring and icy roads caught Colorado drivers by surprise Friday, causing a 39-vehicle pileup near Boulder. No serious injuries were reported in the crashes on U.S. Highway 36 between Boulder and Denver, but tow-truck drivers were kept busy hauling away damaged cars. Near Fort Carson, the Colorado State Patrol responded to a series of rush-hour crashes involving a total of nearly 20 cars.
Prosecution took two months and more than 100 pieces of evidence to accuse the former New England Patriots player of killing Odin Lloyd. Hernandez's lawyers called five witnesses to testify on Monday before resting at 3pm. Following tomorrow's closing statements, the jury will deliberate on their verdict.
Edmund Echukwu was pulled from the water at a James Bond-themed sex party. Fellow revellers tried to revive him but he was pronounced dead at hospital. Mr Echukwu's neighbour in Edgware, Margaret Brown, paid tribute to him. Mrs Brown, 67, said: 'I'm devastated. He was such a sweet guy'
Labour will launch a billboard advert using the image from the famous 1979 ‘Labour Isn’t Working’ poster. Poster features same long line of people used to illustrate dole queues under Jim Callaghan’s ailing government. But this time places them outside a waiting room. Official figures show 600 fewer GP surgeries across England are now open in the evening and weekends compared to the last election.
Germanwings flight 4U814 to Venice was diverted to Stuttgart. Airbus A319 aircraft appeared to be losing oil, airline says. Yesterday, another plane was forced to make an unscheduled landing in Venice. A passenger and a flight attendant required medical treatment.
The Illume ArcLighter creates a ‘super high-intensity’ electrical arc. Instead of using a spark and fuel mechanism like traditional lighters, the Illume ArcLighter creates a ‘super high-intensity’ electrical arc between two ceramic electrodes. Its inventors, based in Edmonton, Canada, are raising money to put the lighter into production on Kickstarter and have almost doubled their goal. The device costs CAD$40 (£21 or US$32) via Kickstarter and is expected to ship in November.
Three proton beam therapy centres to open in Cardiff, London and Northumberland. Treatment centres will be available to NHS cancer patients by 2017. Ashya King made a miracle recovery after receiving proton beam therapy. Five-year-old was given the 'all-clear' after receiving treatment in Prague.
Casey Levi filmed the moment he tried to get his son Sam to eat a California roll with a $10 prize up for grabs. He stipulated that there must be no 'gagging or making any faces' Footage shows the youngster stepping up to the challenge but backing down after a minute's hesitation and running off 'to be sick' 'It makes me want to vomit,' he exclaims later on.
Official website of the Sydney Royal Easter Show lists the retail value of showbag contents. Some bags cost more than it would to buy the items outright. Others are a mere 10 cents less than their retail value-like the Fruit Tingles Bag.
AmberMarie Irving-Elkins thought she had time to run errands before her Thursday morning labor but baby Malachi had other ideas. She was in the hallway of the Stanley Mosk Courthouse in Los Angeles when a deputy from the sheriff's department told her to stop pushing. The baby was born and Irving-Elkins and her son were rushed to hospital, where they were met by the baby's dad and older siblings.
US President Barack Obama said on Saturday that diplomacy was the best option to deal with Iran's contested nuclear program. Iran and six world powers determined the outlines of a landmark agreement which would curb Iran's nuclear program. Many of Obama's Republican opponents in Congress have been skeptical of a deal with Iran.
Pete Bennett won the seventh series of Big Brother in 2006. The 33-year-old has revealed that he is now homeless. He appeared on Jeremy Kyle to talk about his life since leaving the house.
Raymond Howell Jr.'s body was found near a culvert in McKinney, Texas - four miles from where he attended school - on Thursday morning. Friends said he had recently asked for a transfer after being bullied. Police have not confirmed how he died but friends said he died of a bullet wound.
Prime Minister pictured eating a hotdog with a knife and fork on Dorset tour. He loaded plate with potato salad, cucumber, tomato and a hotdog. He settled down next to Lilli Docherty and her daughter Dakota in the sunshine.
Ukip leader was accused of ‘dangerous scaremongering’ But latest official figures show more than half of those newly diagnosed with HIV in Britain – where their country of origin is known – were born overseas. Mr Farage said: ‘There are 7,000 diagnoses in this country every year for people who are HIV positive. It’s not a good place for any of them to be'
Steven Mathieson, 38, stabbed Luciana Maurer, 23, dozens of times. The father-of-two then called two more vice girls over to his home. He raped them before they managed to flee while still naked. His young son was asleep in bedroom next door while he carried out horrific crimes. Mathieson pleaded guilty to murder and rape at High Court in Glasgow.
Phil Blackwood sentenced to two-and-a-half years with hard labour by Burmese court. The 32-year-old bar manager posted a mocked-up image of Buddha on Facebook. The advert for a cheap-drinks night provoked outrage among devout Buddhists. Human rights campaigners claim he has been 'abandoned' by the Foreign Office.
Landon Carnie and his twin sister Lorie were thought to have died in 1975. First flight of Operation Babylift – an evacuation of vulnerable Vietnamese orphans and children before the Fall of Saigon – crashed minutes after take-off. The terrified 17-month-old twins were found huddled together in a rice paddy a day after the crash and later taken to their adoptive parents in the U.S. Now 41, Landon has visited the crash scene and is thought to be the first child survivor to return to Vietnam.
Susan House, 55, was out walking her dogs at the time of the explosion. The house in Theddlethorpe, Lincolnshire, will have to be 'flattened', says her father. Police and fire crews have launched an investigation into the blast, but are not treating it as suspicious.
Wreckage of bus and train used in famous scene from 1993 film The Fugitive lie abandoned in the Great Smokey Mountains. Fans of the film will recognise the inside of the bus where Harrison Ford's character Dr Richard Kimble escapes while being transported to prison. The scene, filmed using a real train hitting a real bus, cost an eye-watering $1.5million to shoot.
Multiple ghosts supposedly inhabit an expensive New York City apartment building, which recently added Academy Award-nominated actress Jessica Chastain to its list of occupants. Chastain and her boyfriend, Gian Luca Passi de Preposulo, spent $5.1 million on an apartment that features four bedrooms and 3.5 bathrooms. Chastain most recently appeared on the big screen in the 2014 films Interstellar and A Most Violent Year.
Greg Gibbins and his friends were at The Beachcomber Hotel in Toukley on the Central Coast, NSW on Sunday night. Shortly after midnight, emergency services found Mr Gibbins and his 25-year-old friend with serious stab wounds from an alleged random attack. The 28-year-old Wyong Roos rugby league club player was treated at the scene by paramedics before he went into cardiac arrest but later died at Gosford Hospital. The friend, who tried to help fatally injured Mr Gibbins but became 'victim number two', remains in a serious condition in hospital.
The university is not identifying the student in question, citing federal education laws protecting student privacy. The noose sparked a mass protest on campus on Wednesday. It is a particularly sensitive image in the state, where black residents were once terrorized by lynchings.
Orange has always been the most popular colour - although in recent years blue has begun to catch up. The graph is based on 94,526 images for the years 1800-2000.
Red-haired woman was lying on the ground with a rifle strapped to her body. Television footage showed police sealing off the street in Aksaray. She was carrying a rifle, two hand grenades and one pistol, it said. Attack comes a day after Turkish prosecutor Mehmet Selim Kiraz, 46, died in hospital after members of the Revolutionary People's Liberation Party-Front (DHKP-C) stormed a courthouse and took him hostage.
Trevor Duffy, 19, of the Bronx died in November after a night of heavy drinking during a party held by Beta Zeta Tau members at an off-campus home. Duffy and four other young men were taken to the hospital for treatment for excessive alcohol consumption. The court papers included details of other frat hazing rituals that included pledges being told to fight one another and eat the insides of cigars.
Leila Alavi was found'stabbed to death' in a car park at Auburn Shopping Village in Sydney's west. The 26-year-old had taken out an apprehended violence order against her ex-husband Mokthar Hosseiniamraei after years of turmoil. Her sister Mitra Alavi has revealed her little sister had moved into her apartment in a desperate move after being refused from several women's shelters.
Officers in Paramus, Bergen County, responded to an animal that was headbutting a door in the wealthy community. The goat was then captured in the middle of a roadway by three policemen around 5pm on Saturday.
The app, owned by Twitter, launched on Thursday and allows users to broadcast live video and audio to the internet. Users have reported being sexually harassed, or trolled, while using the technology. App developer Justin Esgar is warning parents about the app's various 'land mines'
Kinessa Johnson from Yelm, Washington State, works for the Veterans Empowered to Protect African Wildlife. The organisation was founded by an ex-Marine and is made up of former soldiers who signed up post-9/11. She joined the group last November after a four-year stint in the services as a weapons instructor and mechanic. Photos on her Instagram and Facebook of her holding a rifle have been met with criticism online.
Vaccine is based on an animal virus called vesicular stomatitis virus. It is combined with a portion of the protein covering the Ebola virus. When administered, it induces an immune response against the Ebola virus. One jab protects against a disease which has killed more than 10,460 people.
Anjelica 'AJ' Hadsell, 18, was last seen driving near her parents' home in Norfolk, Virginia, on March 2. Residents reported seeing a white plumbing van driving suspiciously around the pond. Wesley Hadsell, the teenager's stepfather, was taken into custody last month amid claims he knows who has taken his daughter. He was denied bond and the judge said he was trying to impede the investigation into his stepdaughter's disappearance.
David Hyche, a special agent at the Bureau of Alcohol, Tobacco and Firearms, came up with the idea when his four-month-old daughter turned blind. He put a transmitter in a plastic egg that let off a beeping sound. Blind children in Birmingham, Alabama, have celebrated Easter early by hunting for plastic eggs that let of a beeping sound. They trade the eggs in for candy.
Lib Dem leader said idea of more than two parties forming a government is not 'going to work' He said it would be a'messy' way to run the country and risked instability. Mr Clegg told voters to go to the ballot box on May 7 expecting a hung parliament.
The Queen and senior members of the Royal Family will attend the Westminster Abbey service of thanksgiving. A chain of beacons will be lit across the country, Spitfire and Lancaster bomber planes will take to the skies. A star-studded concert will be held in London from May 8 to 10 as part of commemorations marking the 70th anniversary.
Vanilla Ice, whose real name is Robert Van Winkle, was arrested in February for grand theft. Police say he stole furniture, bicycles and other items from a neighbor's $1million home while he was filming his reality show inside another property. He must perform 100 hours of community service and pay $1,333 to the neighbor's estate.
Colin Barnett sparked outrage after saying'some good' has come out of the year-long search for missing Malaysia Airline plane. Search parties have not been successful in recovering MH370 since it disappeared on March 8 last year. This comes as the wife of an Australian passenger on MH370 spoke of her heartache, revealing she is yet to tell her children why their father hasn't come home.
Blackadder actor, 58, was going through security to board EasyJet flight. Airport staff thought his pease pudding was Semtex, a plastic explosive. The traditional North East delicacy was also in his hand luggage. Security staff allowed him through with his snacks but warned him to pack them in hold luggage next time.
Cases of shigellosis, otherwise known as 'Delhi Belly' or 'Montezuma's revenge' were traced to people who had recently traveled to the Dominican Republic, India or other countries. The Centers for Disease Control and Prevention released the report Thursday. The superbug sickened at least 243 people, in 32 states and Puerto Rico.
Swimming echidna spotted paddling out to sea off Victoria's Mornington Peninsula. Echidnas, like many native Australian animals, are 'proficient' swimmers. They live on a diet of ants, termites, grubs and worms.
Indonesian officials probing labor abuses told the migrant workers today they were allowing them to leave for another island by boat. More than 300 fishermen emerged from nearby trawlers, villages and even the jungle to make the trip. They were finally being rescued by the Indonesian Fisheries Ministry after officials issued a moratorium on fishing to crack down on poaching.
The 13 glowing blue letters were expected to bring in anywhere from $300,000 to $600,000. The current owner of the signage is Yankee Hall of Famer Reggie Jackson, who purchased the letters for an undisclosed amount after the stadium's final game in 2008.
Refugees and asylum seekers do not have to reveal whether they have a criminal history when trying to become a cab driver. Legal loophole in Transport for London rules means people coming to Britain will not be required to have their criminal convictions checked. Outside the EU who have spent more than three months abroad must provide a 'letter of good conduct' from their home country. But asylum seekers and refugees are exempt from this too, according to a second document.
Colin Turnbull, 69, caught in 'compromised position' with Rozina Khanim. Pair engaged in sex act during entrance exam day at Priory School, Birmingham. Senior staff told him to 'never return' to the £13,000-a-year school.
Prime Minister's wife visited a special school in Rochester and Strood. Joined Tory candidate Kelly Tolhurst for a visit to Abbey Court School. Mrs Cameron wore a Cos raspberry coloured blouse and a blue skirt.
Environmentalist group Sea Shepherd has rescued 35 crew members from a sinking ship. The crew were held in life rafts off the coast of Africa. The rescue mission comes after the Sea Shepherd vessel Bob Barker followed it's world record breaking pursuit of the accused poaching vessel Thunder for more than 100 days.
Naughty Boy - real name Shahid Khan - has been working on Zayn's music. He posted a clip of what was thought to be his first single, I Won't Mind. The track has sent both One Direction fans and one of Zayn's former band mates into turmoil.
Labour’s shadow chancellor looked down at his feet and laughed nervously. He eventually answered correctly following a ten second pause. Last month he revealed he still relies on his mother-in-law for help with maths.
Annabel Cole has long dreamed of having a bigger bust but would never have surgery. So she decided to put 'the boob-job bra' through its paces. The £150 bra claims to take you from a B-cup to a DD in an instant.
Earth is constantly oscillating and creating a hum that has been likened to the ring of a bell. As short waves near the surface they create weak microseismic waves. These waves combine with long, more powerful waves dragging across the ocean's floor to create the constant hum. In 2008 a French team found that ocean waves generate seismic activity, but these waves only take 13 seconds to complete a single oscillation. But the largest hum coincided with the strongest seismic waves during the Johanna storm on 10 and 11 March. This storm generated waves with a peak period of 16 seconds and heights of 42ft (12.8 metres
Religion's share of the world's population will equal Christian share in 2070. By 2100, one per cent more of the world's population will be Muslim. By 2050, ten per cent of Europe's population will be Muslim.
Yahya Rashid, 19, of Willesden, north west London, is due to appear at Westminster Magistrates' Court today. He was arrested at Luton Airport yesterday on suspicion of preparation of acts of terrorism under section five of the Terrorism Act 2006.
Becky Watts, 16, went missing from her home in St George, Bristol, in February. Her dismembered body parts were found 11 days later at a house in Barton Hill. An inquest into her death has been opened and adjourned while criminal proceedings, involving her step-brother, take place. Nathan Matthews, 28, faces a single count of murdering his step-sister. His girlfriend Shauna Hoare, 21, is accused of perverting the court of justice. Jaydene Parsons, 23, James Ireland, 23, and Karl and Donovan Demetrius, both 29, are accused of assisting an offender.
Barronelle Stutzman, owner of Arlene's Flowers in Richland, Washington, refused to serve Robert Ingersoll and Curt Freed in 2013. When Ingersoll asked for the flowers, Stutzman told him her'relationship with Jesus Christ' wouldn't allow her to do the wedding. After they were refused flowers, Ingersoll and Freed went ahead with a smaller wedding than they had planned. In February, a Benton County judge ruled that Stutzman's refusal to provide flowers because of sexual orientation violated Washington's anti-discrimination laws. Along with the fine, the judge's ruling also requires that everything Arlene
Ralph Vaughan Williams's work topped Classic FM Hall of Fame. Listeners voted it the nation's favourite piece of classical music. It topped the poll last year and four years ago was named the nation's favourite Desert Island Discs tune.
General merchandise sales, mainly women's clothes, up 0.7 per cent. First rise after 14 consecutive quarters of losses. Belinda Earl is credited with helping bring in a number of sales hits. She ran Debenhams, Jaeger and Aquascutum before M&S role.
Simon Mitchell, 44, claimed to have celebrity contacts to gain trust of charity. He volunteered for Donna's Dream House, a charity for terminally ill children. But Mitchell stole a laptop, sat nav and phone from the organisation. Charity say he repeatedly let them down and left them picking up the pieces. Mitchell pleaded guilty to two counts of theft at Preston Crown Court.
Becky Schoenig of St. Louis, Missouri was shocked when her brand new 2015 Ford Fusion was stolen from her driveway on Monday night. On April 1, she learned that police had located the car after receiving a tip from a man who recognized the vehicle as Schoenig's. As the car pulled up, Schoenig noticed that the rims had been spray painted red, there was red detailing on the sides of the car, and her steering wheel now had some orange accents.
Bryan Santana, 20, of Orlando, Florida, was found guilty of first-degree murder on Thursday and sentenced to two life terms in prison. He strangled roommate Shelby Fazio, 23, before stabbing her in the neck with a hunting knife and having sex with her corpse. He then killed and mutilated her dog, and wrote messages in blood on the wall, including: 'I'm not sorry for what I did' The panel took just two hours to deliberate on Thursday, and Fazio's family cried as the verdict was handed down.
Steven Howie, 28, left his girlfriend Karen Murray, 31, with 18 injuries. Pair were staying at Carronbridge Hotel, in the Campsie Fells, Stirlingshire. They had been at a cancelled New Year's Eve party at Stirling Castle. When they got back to their room Howie began to shout and swear at her. He punched her in the face, causing her nose to bleed, and kicked and kneed her. Miss Murray was unable to get a signal to call police and officers only arrived after guests in another room dialled 999.
Shaquille Omar Hallisey's attack left Matthew Leeke with a fractured skull. The 38-year-old had been out with friends and was making his way home alone. Witnesses said they saw three males arguing with Mr Leeke before attack. They heard one say "Walk away or else you are going to get hurt" and then saw the defendant smashing a bottle over his head. Mr Leeke collapsed, hitting his head hard on the pavings and the three ran off.
Janet Muller's body was found in the boot of a burning car on March 13. The 21-year-old was a student at the University of Brighton. Police have released CCTV footage of the student the night before her death. Christopher Jeffrey-Shaw, 26, has been charged with her murder.
Kevin Franklin siphoned off the £400,001 fortune over an eight-year period. But when he was finally arrested he told police: 'I played him' The 58-year-old was jailed for four-and-a-half years at Warwick Crown Court.
Benito Gonzalez Jr., 46, pleaded guilty to a lewdness charge after allegedly exposing his genitals and touching himself inappropriately in a Starbucks. The father-of-three says his post-traumatic stress disorder is to blame for the lewd act. The incident occurred more than three years after Gonzalez was involved in a gun battle with a drug dealer.
Successful applicant will have to travel to various Royal residences. Must order in 'freshest seasonal ingredients' from Queen's kitchen garden. Based mainly at Buckingham Palace, job pays around £28,000-a-year.
Pope Francis urged the international community not to 'look the other way' He asked for 'tangible help' from communities all over the world for Christians. But he stopped short of suggesting what actions should be taken. He has been increasingly vocal about the fate of Christians being targeted by Islamic extremists in parts of the Middle East and Africa.
A team of eight graffiti artists have painted phone booths in Beijing. They hope to raise a smile with burnt-out residents of China's capital. The phone booths have been painted in the style of Disney character Baymax.
Swindon factory will become the global production hub for the next generation five door Civic. The dramatic Kermit green prototype seen in New York is a three-door version. Swindon factory will be exporting the five-door hatchback version around the globe.
When it comes to twins, particularly identical ones, they are an endless source of fascination. Despite all this interest, the rest of us remain baffled by the uncanny bonds identical twins share. Not all monozygotic twins (i.e. twins born from a single fertilised egg) are truly identical.
Data bosses caught boasting to the Mail of underhand tactics they use. Admitted ignoring an official no-call list meant to protect the vulnerable. Said they could never be honest with people about consequences of passing on personal information. Various firms offered to sell personal information using data from lifestyle surveys completed by people who had been cold-called from overseas.
Helaman Barlow was chief of Colorado City, Arizona, and Hildale, Utah. He said he acted on the orders of Warren Jeffs out of fear of losing his family. He taped conversations with law enforcement officials and passed them on to Jeffs when he was on the run and wanted by the FBI. Barlow has since grown out his hair and beard to signal he is turning his back on the church.
Aer Lingus flight EI 660 had left Dublin Airport at 8.30am. The plane was forced to return less than an hour into its journey. The aircraft is undergoing an inspection to determine the cause.
A blue and yellow bathing box on Brighton beach in Melbourne has sold for a staggering $276,000. The winning bidder paid $150,000 over the original asking price for the slice of postcard history. A mechanic’s garage in Paddington in Sydney has sold for $1.2 million so it can be converted into a home. A couple have put the Old Kilmore Gaol in Victoria up for sale after the 1850s lock-up into a cosy home 18 years ago. The goal has 6m bluestone walls surrounding it and operated as maximum security prison until 1891.
Theodosia Aresti, 71, moved into her new-build London flat five years ago. But a blocked pipe unleashed a 'tsunami of sewage' into her flat. Bath and toilet both began overflowing with excrement. Toilet resembled a 'volcano' and bedroom smelled 'foul', says daughter.
Breakfast contains the equivalent of almost 100 teaspoons of sugar. Served at The Black Milk Cereal Cafe in Manchester's Northern Quarter. Easter Feast includes two types of cereal served in half an Easter egg.
Hayleigh Mcbay, 17, pretended to dump David Clarke via WhatsApp at midnight. But the college student from Scotland was given a taste of her own medicine. David replied: 'Thank God you said it first so I didn't have to'
Jack Rivera, a New York trucker, captured the collision on his dashcam as he drove along the Interstate 35E in Texas last Wednesday. Footage shows the driver of a black SUV, identified as 49-year-old Laura Michelle Mayeaux, coming off at the 397 exit and veering over to the wrong side of the lane. She then steers head-on into a truck which rolls over on its side with debris flying everywhere.
Nearly 3,400 miles were covered with 99 percent of the drive in fully automated mode. Team collected nearly three terabytes of data—about 30 percent of all of the printed material in the Library of Congress.
Bloomberg 'considering' running for London mayor's job in 2016, it is claimed. He has significant business interests in the capital and owns a $30m mansion. Mayor Boris Johnson, who was born in New York, will stand down in 2016.
The Wicked Waffle in North End, Portsmouth, is serving the treat for £25. It contains four 7-inch waffles, 12 scoops of ice-cream and four chocolate flakes. For those who can clear their plate within 45 minutes, they get the meal for free.
Disabled cat, called Freeman, was sitting in its front garden when the two dogs pounced. They dragged the cat on to its neighbour's lawn before tearing into it. Police are investigating after a person, who appears to be a woman, pulls up in a blue car and collects the hounds.
Kathleen Blomberg, a resident at the heavily damaged 125 Second Ave., has been reunited with her two cats, Kitty Cordelia and Sebastian. The American Society for the Prevention of Cruelty to Animals found the traumatized animals under Blomberg's bed and said it took about an hour to coax them out. 'I have no words, because, I mean, they're my children,' said an emotional Blomberg following the reunion.
Cheryl Howe, 32, from Morecambe, was diagnosed with polycystic ovary syndrome (PCOS) at the age of 12. She suffers from excessive hair growth on her face, breasts, stomach and legs. Fighted for six years for treatment on the NHS, spending £2,000 a year on razors, and shaving up to three times a day. Finally got approved for NHS funding for laser hair removal treatment, which costs a minimum of £10,000.
Edward Nudel, 41, was indicted Wednesday on multiple charges after allegedly strangling a relative's dog and bragging about it afterward. Police say Nudel broke into his relative's home on March 11 and strangled a 2-year-old Pomeranian named Lola 'in an especially depraved and sadistic manner' Nudel and the relative reportedly had an argument and, after strangling the dog, he called the relative and said 'I killed Lola'
High Court threw out rules stopping violent prisoners being transferred. Policy brought in after Michael Wheatley walked out of an open jail in May. Wheatley absconded from Standford Hill prison in Kent and went on a robbing spree. After being caught he was told he must serve at least eight years in jail. But High Court ruled excluding transfers for prisoners with a history of absconding was unlawful. Ministry of Justice announced they would appeal against the ruling.
Biologist Dr Joe Hanson has worked out what the human body would look like as a chemical formula. He says it contains enough hydrogen, oxygen and carbon to fill a volume equivalent to 6 elephants. The average adult human body also contains enough hydrogen to fill the volume of 16kg (35lbs) of carbon and enough oxygen to fill a volume equivalent to 6 litres. If the average person was to cut off all their toenails, they could extract a tenth of a US cent worth of gold.
Remington 'Remi' Walden was killed three years ago when his family's Jeep Grand Cherokee exploded when it was rear-ended. Jurors in Decatur County, Georgia ruled that the SUV manufacturer, Chrysler, acted with reckless disregard for human life. Walden, of Bainbridge, Georgia, was killed when the Jeep driven by his aunt was hit from behind by a pickup truck in March 2012. The fuel tank leaked, engulfing the Jeep in flames and killing the four-year-old.
150 art fans took part in the National Gallery of Australia's first ever naked art tour on Wednesday night. The hour-long tour through the current exhibition, 'James Turrell: A Retrospective', was led by Melbourne-based artist Stuart Ringholt. Ringholt has led nude gallery tours at the Museum of Contemporary Art in Sydney and MONA in Tasmania. He said that the tours create an 'educational state' for viewing the art.
Jason Cotterill, 42, plagued his victim with abusive messages over the internet. She tried to end their relationship in October last year and 'unfriended' him. He then set up 67 Facebook profiles to bombard her with abuse, court told. Cotterill knew his victim from childhood and knew she had made sex tapes. He sent explicit images to her daughter and threatened to post video online. He was jailed for 12 weeks and banned indefinitely from contacting his victim.
A clash of anti-Islam and anti-racism groups turned violent in Melbourne. Police were forced to separate Reclaim Australia supporters and opposing protesters by forming a wall at separate rallies. It comes after a Twitter account claiming to be linked with anti-Islam groups mocked protests being held around Australia. 'Jeremy' began to tweet a number of joke comments shortly after the Sydney protest got underway. Organisers behind the Sydney protest were quick to disassociate themselves with the account.
Every police force in England and Wales will be required to record anti-Muslim hate crimes if the Tories win the next General Election. Theresa May said police will have to record Islamophobic attacks as a separate category, just as anti-Semitic crimes are recorded separately. The new requirement will create the first accurate picture of the extent of Islamophobic hate crimes in Britain.
Melbourne singer Daniel Buccheri left guests at his brother's wedding in tears after composing an emotional song to use as his best man's speech. The 25-year-old sang a tune to the popular music from artists such as Sam Smith and Backstreet Boys. The unique speech performed by Daniel at Poet's Lane in Sherbrooke, east of Melbourne, has been viewed over 100,000 times online.
HomeCamp was launched in January and has been used by more than 50 Australian homeowners. There are currently more than 50 Australian homeowners using the website. Each night on the website costs an average of $30.
Kenneth Lombardi, who goes by Ken, was a red carpet regular for CBS New York, interviewing stars from Oprah to Ashton Kutcher and Arnold Schwarzenegger. However Lombardi, who is openly bisexual, says he was forced to quit his job in November and relocate to Los Angeles after two alleged sexual harassment involving two separate male bosses. He claims Duane Tollison, a senior producer, grabbed his crotch and kissed his neck at a CBS Christmas party in December 2013. Albert 'Chip' Colley, the CBS Evening News Director, allegedly came onto Lombardi while having drinks at a Hells Kitchen bar in May 2014. He also allegedly
Catherine Nevin was allowed out on day release on Wednesday. The 62-year-old was permitted to attend an addiction studies course. Was pictured making her way from Dublin's Dochas Centre to the Oblates. Was accompanied by an unsuspecting female commuter. Nevin was jailed for life in 2000 for arranging to have her husband Tom shot dead.
Nicola Sturgeon revelled in being centre-stage in TV debate. She addressed a nationwide audience of Britons rather than just five million Scots. Judy Murray, mother of tennis star Andy, tweeted about her triumph.
Barcelona beat Paris Saint-Germain 2-0 at the Nou Camp on Tuesday. Neymar grabbed a brace to cruise through to the next round. Lionel Messi and Luis Suarez were also on target for the home side.
The Southern Poverty Law Center in February filed a lawsuit against Georgia Department of Corrections officials on behalf of Ashley Diamond, a transgender woman. The lawsuit says prison officials have failed to provide adequate treatment for Diamond's gender dysphoria. Diamond, who's 36, has identified as female since she was a child and began hormone therapy when she was 17, the lawsuit says.
Olsi Beheluli claimed he appeared on Channel 4 dating show My Little Princess. The 24-year-old was a member of a gang selling'significant quantities' of drugs. He enjoyed living the 'high life' and gambling with the money he made, police said. Beheluli jailed alongside fellow gang members Besim Topalli and Azem Proshka.
National Union of Teachers (NUT) set to call for more play time in school. Say many children are not ready for the 'formal sitting down' at the age of four. They want the UK to follow the lead of Finland which has 15 minute play time.
The collection was created by legendary make-up effects artist Rick Baker. It will be auctioned off at the Hilton Universal City in Los Angeles on May 29. The items are from more than 50 productions, according to Icon Versus Icon.
Labour leader's'sexy grey tie' and smouldering looks proved a hit with viewers. One Twitter user declared: 'You sexy beast. Keep staring down the camera' Another likened Miliband to Hansel from Zoolander.
Jayden Wingler of Phoenix, Arizona, was interviewed by Fox News earlier this week about a theme park accident. He eloquently recalled what happened with arm actions and wide-eyed facial expressions to match his emotions.
Australian choreographer Wade Robson, 32, and another of Jackson's alleged child victims, James Safechuck, 36, are expected to find out on Tuesday if they will be allowed to sue for a slice of the late King Of Pop's $1.5 billion estate. Lawyers say the King Of Pop shelled out nearly $200 million to as many as 20 victims. Robson, a choreographer for Britney Spears and Justin Timberlake, says he has been unable to work because of the pain caused by Jackson's abuse. Safechuck, who says he met Jackson in 1987 when he was eight and was molested a year later, claims in court
Carla Zampatti presented her SS15-16 collection at Sydney's Opera House today. The show kicked off proceedings for Mercedes Benz Fashion Week that officially begins this Sunday, April 12. Stars including Delta Goodrem, Shanina Shaik, Kerri-Anne Kennerley, and Terry Biviano were among the star attendees.
Tyler Kost was arrested last May for sexual crimes against 13 girls between 13 and 17 years old, most of whom were former classmates at Poston Butte High School. The Pinal County Attorney's Office says Kost faces 30 charges in three indictments ranging from sexual abuse to child molestation. His defense said new evidence taken from Facebook and Instagram proves the women lied about sexual abuse.
Home cook icon Lyndey Milan has teamed up with Aldi to create Easter lunch recipes that will easily feed six people for less than $6 each. The results of her Aldi experiment include Greek lamb with salad and zucchini pilaf and herb crusted salmon with pea puree, smashed potatoes and carrots. For dessert, Lyndey says her hot cross bun and Easter egg bread & butter pudding with almond praline is guaranteed to be a crowd-pleaser.
Jamal al-Labani was in Yemen visiting his pregnant wife and the couple's two-and-a-half-year-old daughter, his cousin Mohammed Alazzani told KPIX-TV. Alazzani said al-Labani was trying to get his family out of the war-torn Middle Eastern nation and take them to Oakland. But he couldn't because the US has withdrawn its diplomatic staff and the country has shut down most airports. Rebels from the Houthi Islamist group have been battling to take Aden, a last foothold of fighters loyal to Saudi-backed President Abd-Rabbu Mansour
The duo went head to head with Al Roker, Willie Geist and Natalie Morales, who also donned long blonde wigs for their cover of Sia’s Chandelier. The two teams were judged by TV star and model Chrissy Teigen, one of the hosts of Spike TV’s new series Lip Sync Battle.
Gaby Tillero and Greg Ensslen bought the 1840s Creole home from the Central City neighborhood almost two years ago. The couple moved it to the Freret neighborhood where they then spent seven months renovating. To honor the home's original duplex floor plan while still creating a single-family home, Ensslen and Tillero put a massive wooden staircase between the kitchen and living room.
David Cameron will say high taxes are 'immoral' as millions get tax cut. 14million working households given average boost of £200 a year to incomes. Will set out Conservative case for people keeping more of their own money. Treasury analysis shows changes will benefit 14million working households. A rise in the personal tax allowance to £12,500;. A reduction in the top 40p top rate of tax from 50p to 40p;. A rise in the threshold for the 40p top rate of tax from £150,000 to £150,000;. A reduction in the top 40p top rate of tax from 50
Viewers unleashed a barrage of negative comments on Twitter after last night's episode of The Billion Dollar Chicken Shop on BBC One. The third programme in the series focused on the methods employed by the creative team behind KFC's rebranding exercise. Food stylist Dagmar arranges pieces of pulled chicken, snips off errant bits of meat, and melts cheese using a hairdryer.
The strange formation was photographed by amateur astronomer Gordon Ewen, and is a sun spot. The photograph of the chick-like sun spot was taken using a telescope at the bottom of his garden in Letchworth, Hertfordshire. Sunspots occur when a concentration of magnetic fields causes the surface temperature to reduce. They range in size, from just 10 miles (16km) to 100,000 miles (160,000km) wide - big enough to be seen from Earth without a telescope.
Ile Lout is set 1148 ft from the shore in Brittany and is the perfect retreat for up to 10 guests costing just £145. The property was renovated in 2004 for the use of a holiday home, and guests can journey to the haven by boat. The secluded island has to be reached by boat, and you can hire a local sailor to transport you and your guests.
Faris Al-Khori had a hoard of explosive ingredients and bomb-making instructions. The 62-year-old's Edinburgh flats were evacuated after a fire. Police and army experts had to be called in to remove the materials. Al-Khori pleaded guilty to a breach of the 1883 Explosive Substances Act. He was jailed for three years and four months at the High Court in Edinburgh.
Former Great British Bake Off contestant, Iain Watters, is back with a modern take on the Easter favourite. The Belfast-born baker puts a modern twist on the fruit-based cake with pistachios, nutmeg and chopped figs. The recipe was created by Iain after it was revealed by ao.com that the Simnel cake was enjoying a resurgence.
Argentina has said it will prosecute oil companies operating off the Falklands. Comes after Britain struck oil in a remote field of the islands yesterday. Discovery could be worth billions of pounds and increase tensions with Argentina.
Fashion fans who follow many of the top bloggers on Instagram experienced an extreme case of déj vu over the weekend after the same dress was modelled by 50 fashionistas. The company partnered with 50 of the most influential fashion bloggers and got each to post a photo of them wearing the same dress. The move proved an instant success as the $88 Paisley Asymmetrical Dress sold out almost immediately and created an online buzz for the range. Lord & Taylor has admitted that it paid the bloggers to wear the paisley-print, handkerchief-hem summer dress.
Eight animals are dead, including at least one alligator that once belonged to Michael Jackson, after a fire last week destroyed two enclosures at a zoological park in Oklahoma. Authorities suspect an arsonist is to blame for the March 26 fire that left seven alligators and a crocodile 'boiled to death' at the Garold Wayne Interactive Zoological Park. Not only did the alleged criminal set the fire, but also stole a large amount of equipment Joe Schreibvogel used to record his independently produced television show, JoeExotic TV.
Rutgers University has banned fraternity and sorority house parties at its main campus in New Brunswick, New Jersey, for the rest of the spring semester. The probation was decided last week but announced by the university Monday. Last month, a fraternity was shut down because of an underage drinking incident in November in which a member of Sigma Phi Epsilon was taken to a hospital after drinking heavily at the fraternity house. In September, a 19-year-old student, Caitlyn Kovacs, died of alcohol poisoning after attending a fraternity party.
A new survey has revealed who we would most like to have as our parents. David Beckham and Holly Willoughby have been voted as the best parents. Sharon Osbourne and Ozzy Osbourne came second and third. Katie Hopkins was voted as the person we would least like to have as our mother.
The towers will range from 115ft to 164ft and cost £2.5million. They will help monitor the 124mile long border between the two countries. Tensions between Russia and Poland are high over the conflict in Ukraine. Moscow announced plans to place Iskander missiles in Kaliningrad.
Doctors have told the pontiff to cut down on the amount of pasta he eats. They are concerned about his sedentary lifestyle and weight gain. The 78-year-old's weight is thought to be aggravating his sciatica.
Kim Ki-jong, 55, was also indicted Wednesday on charges of assaulting a foreign envoy and obstruction. On Monday, the recovering diplomat, Mark Lippert, was pictured out on the streets of Seoul flanked by five bodyguards. South Korean law requires the trial to start within 14 days, and there is a possibility that it could start as early as next week.
Latoya Tilson, 33, allegedly fired several shots into crowd in College Park. One bullet struck 17-year-old boy in buttocks, another hit Tilson's son, 15, in head. Pierre Tilson had apparently been trying to protect his sister, 13, from the other boy. When first responders arrived at scene, teenager was lying unconscious. He was not breathing and a bullet was lodged in his head; he died on Monday. Tilson arrested on several charges, including aggravated assault and cruelty to children; she is now expected to face upgraded charges.
Pham Quang Lanh, 28, had a metal plate inserted over his skull after being struck by an iron bar on a building site. But the botched operation caused his head to become swollen with a potentially deadly infection. Fearing he couldn't afford any further medical treatment, Mr Lanh hoped the resulting headaches would eventually subside. It was only when he asked family to look at the wound that they noticed a dozen maggots crawling under the skin.
Motiongate Dubai is set to open in October 2016. The theme park will include 27 rides and attractions. The Hunger Games: Mockingjay - Part 2 is released in November 2015.
Andy Murray attended Barcelona's Champions League clash with PSG. The British No 1 watched Lionel Messi and Co defeat their European counterparts with best man Ross Hutchins. Murray is currently in Barcelona as he trains on clay courts with Jonas Bjorkman.
Hugh Roche Kelly was flying from Berlin to Paris on Flight 4U9525. Pilot left cockpit to give speech in three different languages to calm nerves. Mr Kelly said it made him feel 'enormous respect for him' Second black box data recorder has confirmed Andreas Lubitz crashed plane. Flight 4U9525 crashed into French Alps killing all 150 people on board.
Molly Wood, 74, died after being run over by her sister's car in Tesco car park. Kia Venga had its engine running and 'lurched forward' trapping her under wheels. The pensioner's sister, 70, was also injured in the incident in Pontefract.
Andy shot to fame on Made In Chelsea in 2011. He has now launched his own line of surf-inspired city wear called Jam Industries. He stars in a campaign shot on West Wittering Beach, London.
Thiago Alcantara gave Bayern Munich the lead on 14 minutes with a header from a corner. Jerome Boateng doubled the home side's advantage on 22 minutes with a header from a corner. Robert Lewandowski made it a hat-trick of Bayern headers on 27 minutes as the Poland striker powerfully nodded the ball into the net. Thomas Muller made it 4-0 with 10 minutes of the first half remaining as the Bavarians took full control of Tuesday's tie. Xabi Alonso scored his side's sixth goal of the evening with two minutes to go to put the result beyond doubt.
Louis Jordan, 37, was rescued 200 miles off the North Carolina coast. Set off on a fishing trip from Conway, South Carolina, on January 23. He was reported missing six days later and was found on Thursday. Jordan says he survived on raw fish and rain water and lost 50 pounds.
The 57-year-old Iowa native says he wants to focus on progressive policies, such as investing in education and protecting the environment. Kroeger appeared on Saturday Night Live from 1982 through 1985. He is perhaps best known for portraying Donny Osmond in a sketch with Julia Louis-Dreyfus.
Sokaze-ki Q uses fluid dynamics to take air in at the rear of the device. This air is then moved through specially designed channels before blasting it from the front via a turbofan. Alternatively, the Q has a '1/f fluctuation' function that reduces the force of the air flow, and sends 'natural wind' that mimics the outside breeze. The fan is on sale in Japan for 39,350 (£220) and is available in Crystal Red, Champagne Gold and Pearl White.
Texas trooper Billy Spears posed for a picture with rapper Snoop Dogg. Snoop requested the photo at South by Southwest after his keynote speech. Spears' bosses said Snoop has a 'criminal background including numerous drug charges' Snoop posted the photo to Instagram with the caption: 'Me n my deputy dogg'
John Terry led Chelsea to a 0-0 draw against Arsenal at the Emirates. Chelsea are now six points clear at the top of the Premier League. Jamie Carragher believes Terry is the best defender to play in the league.
Reports today say Yemeni rebels have seized President Abedrabbo Mansour Hadi's palace. Comes on the same day Al-Qaeda militants freed hundreds of inmates. Two guards and five inmates were killed in clashes, officials said.
Rachel Jaajaa, 22, and 29-year-old Aaron Tate's three-month-old daughter was found on Friday night at a McDonald's in Elyria, Ohio. A patron called 911 after seeing the baby was left alone. Jaajaa refused to take the baby because it was the father's 'turn to have the baby' and she had plans, police say.
33-year-old Stuart made the bizarre claim on the Jeremy Kyle Show. Ex-girlfriend Sophie was furious when she found out she had the STD. Stuart also claimed to have run off with his young son for five weeks.
Jamie Silvonek, 14, and her boyfriend, Army Spc Caleb Barnes, 20, have been charged with killing Jamie's mother, Cheryl Silvonek. Cheryl Silvonek, 54, was fatally stabbed in the neck in the driveway of her Upper Macungie Township, Pennsylvania, home on March 15. Jamie Silvonek was upset that her mother showed her boyfriend her passport as proof that she was not 17.
Jayla Currie from Berne, Indiana, is a part of the Wee Ones Nursery program at the Indiana Women’s Prison, which allows incarcerated mothers to share rooms with their babies.
Ronaldinho came on as the game approached full-time and scored twice. Tigres Monterrey moved up to fourth in the Clausura with 3-0 win over Monterrey. Carlos Pena rescued a 1-1 draw for second-bottom Leon against Toluca. Christian Suarez struck just before half-time as Atlas edged to a 1-0 win at Puebla.
Amanda Knox was sensationally cleared of the 2007 murder of Meredith Kercher. She said she would lobby on behalf of other innocent people who were jailed. The American, known as Foxy Knoxy, and former boyfriend Raffaele Sollecito served four years for the murder. They were freed on appeal in 2011 and Knox immediately returned to the US. Then last year an appeal court overturned their acquittal finding the pair guilty of the murder again. A third man Rudy Guede is serving a 16 year sentence for the murder.
TripAdvisor's annual cost comparison report compared the cost of hotel room service items in 48 popular holiday destinations. In New York City, guests can expect to pay up to £276.61 for a four-star hotel stay and in-room dining. In Kiev, Ukraine, guests can buy 16 bottles of vodka for the same price as a club sandwich. London has been found to be the third priciest destination in the world, after Zurich and New York.
Landowner James Weld paid £15,000 to restore washed-away beach steps. The family have maintained the iconic rock archway since 1600s. Natural England had responsibility for country's coastal paths since 2009. But Mr Weld says they'shirked' their duty for three years by claiming they did not form part of the coastal path.
Jasmine Midgley was born with a seemingly harmless birthmark. Within weeks it had nearly killed her, after doctors failed to realise it was cutting off her air supply. Doctors diagnosed a rare condition called a subglottic hemangioma. This is a benign tumor made up of blood vessels that can be on the skin or go deeper.
Chancellor says he wants a 1980s-style property'revolution' after years of declining home ownership. Since 2010 there have been 1.2 million first-time purchases. Mr Osborne wants at least 2.4 million more over the next five years.
Two beachfront homes have gone on the market on the world-renowned Sandbanks peninsula in Poole, Dorset. Standing just a few feet apart, the homes boast an indoor swimming pool, four storeys and stunning sea views. The homes have been built on a 3,000sqm plot, which was previously occupied by a four-bedroom house. Developers eked out every square on the area by building two homes - a move which has trebled the value of the plot.
Eva Pusztai-Fahidi, 89, lost her parents and sister in the Holocaust. She told the Lueneburg state court that seeing Oskar Groening in court is 'a kind of satisfaction' Comes after another Holocaust survivor publicly embraced Groening. Eva Mozes Kor publicly embraced the 93-year-old in an extraordinary act of forgiveness. But her co-plaintiffs said she should not have taken part in the trial in Germany.
Cara Newton, 32, was diagnosed with Ewing's sarcoma in 2009. Had 13cm of bone removed from her femur, which was replaced with a metal internal prosthesis. Had multiple rounds of chemotherapy which doctors said would destroy her fertility. Tried IVF using a donor egg but when that failed, they feared the worst. Then 10 months later, to their utter surprise, Mrs Newton became pregnant naturally with baby Sebastian, born last April.
David Cameron will today announce that all children who do not pass their tests aged 11 will have to take them again in the first year of secondary school. Around 100,000 pupils a year do not pass the English and maths tests before they leave primary school. PM said these children will be given extra help and support to ensure they do not fall behind in secondary school.
Neil Bantleman, who also holds British nationality, sentenced to ten years. Found guilty of sexually abusing three boys at Jakarta International School. Sentence has sparked outrage from Bantleman's supporters who insist he is innocent. Also standing trial for abusing the children is Indonesian teaching assistant.
Former lecturer Martyn Reuby won the first round in his legal battle against Unite. Tribunal ruled that he had been employed to teach its courses. It is a major embarrassment to the union, which has led the campaign against the use of zero-hours contracts. It is also a blow to Ed Miliband, who has received more than £13million from Unite since becoming leader in 2010.
The Sydney Observatory has been expressing their concerns over the bad weather forecast for the big night. They're plans to regularly update keen spectators with phase process images have been thwarted due to cloudy conditions. Saturday’s total lunar eclipse will turn the moon a burnt reddish orange. A lunar eclipse occurs when the moon passes in the shadow of Earth. This is an area known as the umbra, where light from the sun is blocked by our planet.
John McCallum, 27, was fleeing police following a botched burglary. He broadsided Francesca Weatherhead, 25, killing her on October 6 last year. She had only married her college sweetheart Matthew in June. McCallum had been paroled five months before the fatal crash. He was sentenced to 20 - 45 years' in prison this week.
Ellen Brody was killed along with five passengers when a train crashed into her SUV on the tracks at a railroad crossing in early February. Her daughters Danielle, Julia and Alexa Brody say that their mother has been criticized and that people have jumped to conclusions about what happened. 'I went on Google, and I searched my mom's name and I was just reading the comments,' Julia said.
Lacey Spears of Scottsville, Kentucky, was found guilty last month of second-degree murder in the death of Garnett-Paul Spears. Spears chronicled her son Garnett's illnesses on a personal blog called 'Garnett's Journey' and other social media. Prosecutors said Spears loaded the hospitalized boy's feeding tube with a lethal amount of salt and kept on blogging.
Hannah Campbell was blinded in one eye and left hand split in two after blast. Shrapnel damaged her abdomen, leading doctors to tell her she'd never conceive again. She gave birth to daughter Lexi-River in March last year despite stomach pain. But she was struck down with a mystery illness that caused her stomach to rupture. She has since split from long-term partner Anthony McMorrow, who proposed to her on Valentine's Day last year.
In his aprs-Paxman mode, Cameron was looking serious and oozing leadership charisma. Clegg is a good speaker but his performance was vintage, ie a complete re-run of his 2010 routine. Farage was perhaps the only casualty of the night, and it was the women who finally took him down with a few small swats.
Nicola Sturgeon was hailed the shock winner of last night’s TV debate. One snap poll said she inflicted a damaging blow to Ed Miliband’s election hopes. Overall, an average of four polls of viewers put Mr Cameron just ahead. But to the Tories’ delight, he also emerged with a clear lead on who is seen ‘most capable of leading the country’
Martha Stewart's home topped the list of cringe-worthy abodes, followed by the Obamas' White House and Brad Pitt's house.
Actor Aidan Turner, 31, has admitted to using baby oil to enhance his looks. He has also been partial to a little eyeliner to define his smouldering eyes. Now fans have a new question on their lips: just where has Aidan's chest hair gone?
The technology could help a range of industries such as food and drink, healthcare and the defence sector, the researchers claim. Unispectral Technologies and Tel Aviv University, who are behind the system, say it works by analysing a materials 'hyperspectral signature', which is its unique chemical fingerprint. The team have already patented the optical part of the system, which is based on existing microelectromechanical or 'MEMS' technology.
Josh Mason, who is standing in Lib Dem-held Redcar, said Clegg was 'not the most popular' He said a visit from the party leader to the seat would not 'do us any favours' But after Lib Dem HQ heard about the remarks he made an embarrassing U-turn.
Robert Dellinger, 54, told investigators he was trying to kill himself in December 2013 when he drove his pickup truck across a median at more than 100mph. The crash killed 24-year-old Amanda Murphy, who was eight months pregnant, and her fiance, 29-year-old Jason Timmons. Dellinger held high-level posts at PPG Industries Inc., Sprint Corp., Delphi Corp. and General Electric Co. He faces 12 to 24 years in prison when sentencing resumes Thursday.
Prince Harry will deploy to Australia on 6th April for a four-week secondment. He will spend time in Canberra, Sydney, Darwin and Perth. During his time Down Under, he will take part in urban training exercises. He will also take part in 'indigenous engagement' programmes.
Purvi Patel, 33, of Granger, Indiana has been jailed for 20 years. She was convicted of feticide and neglect of a dependent following a hearing. St Joseph Superior Court heard that Ms Patel bought abortion drugs online. She told medics that she gave birth to a stillborn baby and disposed of body. Officers found the baby's body in a dumpster behind Moe's Southwest Grill.
28 minute movie was filmed on board the Epping Ongar historic railway. In the movie a woman dressed as a school girl has sex with a man on board. Locals were shocked to learn the location had been rented out to Brazzers. Parents were quoted as saying they were disgusted and mortified. Epping Ognar Railway has apologised for allowing the railway to be used as a backdrop for pornography.
The food chain's new menu contains five new food options - two 340-calorie cheesecake-filled donuts, one 380-calorie loaded bagel, one 640-calorie chicken-filled pretzel bun and a 'low fat' 210-calorie steak and cheese wrap.
The 'Mediterranean-DASH Intervention for Neurodegenerative Delay' (MIND) diet includes at least three daily servings of wholegrains and salad – along with an extra vegetable and a glass of wine. These 'brain-healthy foods' lowered the risk of Alzheimer's by 53 per cent in those who stuck to the diet rigidly. For those that followed it moderately well, it lowered the risk by about 35 per cent.
Real Madrid drew 0-0 with Atletico in the Champions League on Tuesday. Marcelo and Mario Suarez were both booked during the game. Both players will miss the return leg at the Bernabeu next week. Dani Carvajal could be suspended for punching Mario Mandzukic. CLICK HERE for all the latest Real Madrid news.
Emma Jackson, 28, moved into a quiet cul-de-sac in Hull just over a year ago. But within a week of moving in, she was subjected to a barrage of abuse. Neighbour Mark Ray, 56, subjected Ms Jackson to vile verbal and physical threats. Mr Ray even turned up at her workplace and threatened her step-mother. Ms Jackson has now been forced to move out of the quiet cul-de-sac.
The actress died of a stroke in New York last August at the age of 89. She left most of her estate to her three children and $250,000 to each of her grandsons. Her Manhattan apartment is currently on the market for $26 million.
Lorraine Cobourn was hit by a distinctive yellow Hackney Carriage in Derby. The 51-year-old had to leave her job as a bank clerk as a result of injuries. She is now undergoing counselling to help her deal with the psychological damage she received - including a terrible fear of anything yellow.
High school students in north east China's Jilin province forced to eat outside. School has banned students from bringing food onto the premises. It has also erected barbed wire and metal sheeting to prevent smuggling.
Paul Ceglia has been on the run for a month after cutting off his electronic ankle bracelet. His father told a court they believe Facebook and the prosecutors were conspiring against him.
Jasper and Jasmine will be'married' in a charity event in May to raise money for Pug Rescue and Adoption Victoria. Both adorable dogs were surrendered to the organisation in 2013 with a variety of health problems. After six months of rehabilitation, in which both dogs lost 3kg and had their sight almost entirely restored, they were found a loving new home. The couple, who describe their new pets as inseparable, soon decided that Jasper and Jasmine's relationship was like that of a boyfriend and girlfriend.
Farrend Rawson, on loan from Derby, played 90 minutes against Brighton. Millers boss Steve Evans claimed Rawson had been recalled. Rawson was not involved in 2-0 defeat at Middlesbrough on Saturday.
Andy McIlvaine, 33, was carrying three bottles of champagne on a flight from Baltimore to Maine to propose to his 30-year-old girlfriend Kelley Mulfinger. He got talking to a group of Southwest employees and they gave him a $100 voucher as a gift. The airline threw a party for the couple at Baltimore-Washington International airport.
Benjamin Netanyahu said deal would 'legitimise Iran's nuclear programme' He said: 'The deal would legitimise Iran's illegal nuclear programme'
Ed Miliband has faced further embarrassment after plus-sized blogger withdraws support. Callie Thorpe was listed on letter supporting Mr Miliband as a receptionist. But online she also describes herself as a 'plus size style and lifestyle blogger' The 25-year-old has boasted on her blog about her exotic holidays. Despite being paraded as a prominent backer of Mr Miliband she later tweeted praise for Green Party leader Natalie Bennett.
A 50-year-old driver will front court on Tuesday faced with a string of charges. Police allege he rammed his car into the home at Delaneys Creek, north-west of Brisbane, about 7.30pm on Monday. Five people, including a woman believed to be the man's ex-partner, were in the home when the car crashed into the side of it. A terrifying scene then unfolded, with the driver of the car allegedly climbing out of the smashed vehicle and stabbing a 50-year-old man to death.
Zhou Yongkang is accused of corruption and leaking of state secrets. Former national security chief is an ally of jailed politician Bo Xilai. The 72-year-old is likely to be found guilty and could be executed.
Kathryn Beale, 41, is part of a cottage industry that prepares fresh placenta. She whizzes it into smoothies or grinds it into pills for women convinced of its health benefits. Mothers say eating their own placenta has helped to increase milk supply and reduce post-natal bleeding. Celebrities who have eaten their own placentas include January Jones and Alicia Silverstone.
New Jersey Governor Chris Christie got into a heated exchange with a teacher at a Tuesday night town hall meeting. Kathy Mooney, a high school English teacher from Roselle Park, questioned Christie's decision-making behind a $225million legal settlement with ExxonMobil. Mooney says that would have had a huge impact on pensions for public employees.
WARNING: GRAPHIC IMAGES. Kadeem Brown, 25, and five-year-old Tierre Clark were struck and killed by a taxi in the Bronx on Friday evening. The driver, 44-year-old Emilo Garcia, had a seizure moments before the crash and had his TLC license taken away. He has not been charged with any crime.
Ahmed al-Karim, head of Salahuddin provincial council, said the fighters had burnt 'hundreds of houses' in the last two days. It comes as Haider al-Abadi ordered Iraqi forces to oppose vandalism in the city of Tikrit and arrest those responsible. Militiamen have spray-painted the names of their groups on homes, shops and other buildings, and also looted clothing and toiletries from shops.
More than 7million gardens in Britain have now been paved over. Royal Horticultural Society is calling for people to plant trees, shrubs and flowers. Survey found 95 per cent of people think being in a beautiful garden lifts their mood.
Police have been left stunned after coming across a car parked on a busy street covered in hundreds of chili peppers. NSW Traffic and Highway Patrol Command shared the bizarre image on their Facebook page. The incident occurred on Bridge St in Hornsby on the Upper North Shore of Sydney and is a regular occurrence. It is unclear is this was an action taken by the highway patrol team or done on purpose by the car owner.
Charles Kane of Spencerport, New York was arrested Thursday as he met up with a 14-year-old girl for sex. Kane, a married band teacher with two young daughters, had posted a Craigslist ad seeking a young girl for a daddy/daughter relationship. He was arrested when he arrived at the theater with a full box of condoms as the young girl was in fact an undercover police officer.
Angela Collins and Margaret Elizabeth Hanson used Xytex Corp to start a family in 2006 believing they had a strict vetting process. They were told their donor had an IQ of 160, a bachelor of science degree in neuroscience, a master’s degree in artificial intelligence, and was working on his PhD in neuroscience engineering. But in June 2014 they discovered his name was James Christian Aggeles, according to the lawsuit. He is said to have schizophrenia, has spent time in jail and dropped out of college.
Mohammad Liaqat launched tirade of abuse at Mount Carmel High School. He hurled insults at white teachers in front of shocked parents, court heard. The 34-year-old then assaulted headteacher at nearby primary school. He was found guilty of one count of assault and five counts of racially aggravated behaviour.
Jesse Roepcke, 27, from Summerfield, Florida, charged with pointing a laser at a driver or pilot and possession or use of narcotic paraphernalia. Roepcke told police he was just having fun with the laser and did not know it was illegal.
Icefin deployed (and retrieved) the vehicle through a 12-inch diameter hole through 20 meters of ice and another 500 meters of water to the sea floor. Video captured by Icefin shows eerie footage of an active seafloor 500 meters under the Ross Ice Shelf.
Kayla Mooney, who is in her first year teaching science at Danbury High School in Connecticut, turned herself into police on Tuesday. She was accused of engaging in sexual activity with the boy while off campus late last year. She has been charged with second-degree sexual assault and providing alcohol to a minor and was released without bail.
The lunar eclipse - where Earth's shadow completely blocks the moon - lasted only five minutes, NASA said. The so-called 'blood moon' could be seen by billions of people across the western U.S., Canada and Australia. It is the third in a series of four blood moons, with the final one expected on September 28.
Number of GPs from abroad is up by 11 per cent in a decade. Foreigners now account for almost one family doctor in five. Senior doctors say the number will rise further over the next few years. NHS is facing a shortage because many GPs are retiring early.
HIV specialists and network security experts at University College London (UCL) created a simulation of how the virus spreads. Inspired by similarities between HIV and computer worms such as the highly damaging 'Conficker' worm, first detected in 2008. Model accurately predicted patients' progression from HIV to AIDS in a major clinical trial.
Gap between wage rises for young and older staff has widened. In 2009, Britain’s youngest workers received pay rises three times greater than older workers, but this has now widened to nine times greater. In the last three months of 2014, 5.4 per cent of 18-25-year-olds changed jobs, compared to only 1.2 per cent of 50-64-year-olds.
Jan Hansen's egg is so big that it took him three days to put together. It is made from layers of Belgian chocolate which covers an iron frame. The creation had to be completed using a step ladder and is the equivalent of 1,600 chocolate bars. He hopes to raise £1,000 from the sale of the egg for St Barnabas Hospice.
Daniel DeMarco was arrested in an Elmwood Park car lot at 2.45pm on Friday. Police on scene believed DeMarco, 28, looked suspicious as they were patrolling the area for narcotics travel. They found him in possession of a bag of crack cocaine, a hypodermic syringe and drug paraphernalia. He was also charged with being under the influence of a controlled dangerous substance and DWI.
Last year the TSA were allowed to keep $675,000 in spare change. The sum was $107,000 more than what passengers left behind in 2012. According to federal law, if no one comes back to claim the money the TSA are allowed to keep it.
Rabbitohs sealed a final minute 18-17 victory over the Bulldogs in an intense encounter at ANZ Stadium in Sydney on Friday night. As referees, officials and players made their way off the field and towards the tunnel, a section of the crowd started hurling plastic water bottles and abuse at them. Canterbury chief executive Raelene Castle said the incident will be investigated and the club has called for a life ban on fans who were involved in the attack. Two people have been formally identified for allegedly throwing bottles as they continue to investigate the incident. NSW police spokeswoman has confirmed to Daily Mail Australia that two people have been formally identified
Youtube user Joe Penna solved 1,296 Rubik's Cubes 961 times for video. Penna and animator Jeff Schweikart took three-to-four days to complete project. Video features a robot building a spaceship and meeting the love of his life.
Rice accounts for one fifth of all calories consumed by humans and 87 per cent of it is produced in Asia. Photographer Scott Gable spent four months travelling across the region documenting the labour and threadbare equipment used to harvest the carbohydrate-rich food.
80 current and former leaders say there is clear evidence academy-style freedoms are benefiting a generation of children. But they say Labour – and some senior Lib Dems – appear to be threatening to reimpose state controls. The letter, signed by the heads of good and outstanding autonomous schools, was backed yesterday by David Cameron.
Colin Mcinerney, 28, claims he was beaten and had his head stomped on by a man, two teenagers and a boy aged only about 10. The man's 22-year-old girlfriend, Rachael Sheppard, told the NT News he had just gestured at the family by waving with his little pinky as people do in Darwin. She said the older man allegedly started bashing Mr Mcinerney. NT Police Duty Superintendent Louise Jorgensen says officers were called to the McDonalds about 7.15pm following reports of a 'violent disturbance'
Mike Holpin, 56, of Ebbw Vale, South Wales, says he wants more children. But former friends say his boasts are off the mark and he has fathered as few as 16 children with three women. The recovering alcoholic says 16 of his children have been taken into care at some stage in their lives.
Pat Ingles, 69, from Edinburgh lost her husband 12 years ago to prostate cancer. Now she's focused on enjoying herself and wants to make the most of the time she has left. Her wardrobe includes a risque fancy dress police woman look, air hostess and French Maid outfits, as well as a leather jumpsuit.
French MPs have voted to punish anyone who 'incites' people to become dangerously thin with a year in prison and huge fines. They highlighted the irresponsibility of fashion websites which encourage women to keep their weight as low as possible. These 'pro-anorexia' sites will face a year in prison and a fine equivalent to just over £7,000.
Toni Elliot, 53, thought she had hurt a tooth when she sat for dinner at Puckett's Boat House in Franklin, Tennessee, on Thursday. When she spat out the mouthful she was chewing she discovered a pearl in the palm of her hand. Forty-nine precious stones followed.
Penalty rates will come into force across Good Friday, Saturday, Sunday and Easter Monday. The Australian Chamber of Commerce has launched a campaign in a bid for small businesses to voice their concerns. Too Big to Ignore campaign will allow small businesses to put up posters in their windows explaining why they are closed. The campaign will also allow businesses that remain open over the public holidays the option to display a sign in their windows.
Fashion retailers have started to get in on the beauty act. From Marks and Spencer to Primark, they’re all at it. Claire Coleman put some of the biggest beauty brands to the test.
Harold Ekeh, 18, moved from Nigeria to Long Island, U.S., aged 8. He is straight A student, editor-in-chief of student newspaper and chief executive of Model United Nations. Has been accepted by all 13 Ivy League colleges, including Yale. Says his parents' resilience inspired him to work hard to achieve the best.
Prisoners believed they were being led to their execution, but instead, were piled onto a minibus that drove them to peshmerga positions. Yazidis, made up of women, children and the elderly, are said to be in poor health and bearing signs of abuse and neglect. No reason was given for the release of the prisoners, which took place in Himera just southwest of Kirkuk.
Orana Wildlife Park in New Zealand's Christchurch is one of the few zoos in the world which has installed a moving cage. The spectators are mere centimetres away from the huge animal, sitting inside their lair to see every whisker, tooth and hair. 20 people, including visitors and zoo keepers, climb inside to have lunch with a lion.
Personal injury claims company Direct Assist fined £80,000 by watchdog. One complainant said they were likely to be called for three years. Another said callers left them in fear of answering the phone.
Jamyra Gallmon, of Washington D.C., has been charged with first-degree felony murder while armed over the killing of 30-year-old David Messerschmitt. Police had released surveillance video of a 'person of interest' who was seen entering the Donovan Hotel shortly after Messerschmitt texted his wife to tell her he would be home in an hour on February 9. Messerschmitt never returned and the next day he was found dead after being stabbed in the back at his hotel room with 'various credit cards strewn about'
The Boston RunBase scheduled to open April 16 will allow visitors to learn about the world's most prestigious road race, run a replica of the course on a treadmill or see artifacts from its 118-year history. It will give runners a place to gather before going for a jog by the Charles River, and then shower and change before heading back to work or to the convention center across the street.
Fitness guru Ashy Bines has admitted some of the healthy eating recipes she had shared had been ripped off from other websites. The 26-year-old confirmed the revelations in a video posted on YouTube. Ms Bines also reveals she has been abused by online trolls who made nasty comments about her unborn child.
China, South Korea and Japan have all banned new charter flights of Thai carriers after an audit by the UN's International Civil Aviation Organization (ICAO) The regulator claims to have made contact with the airline and the Thai aviation safety regulator for 'further detailed information' Thai Airways is the only Thai airline that regularly operates in Australia.
The eighth grade student at Tidwell Middle School in Fort Worth, Texas, started a blog called 'Killing Children' in August last year. There were 11 chapters published online, with stories titled 'Massacre', 'Thrown Under The Bus' and 'Blood, Blood, And More Blood' Some of the names of students at the school featured in the blog, with one section reading: 'He tries to hold in a scream, but it escapes him when I drive the scissors down his body' The boy was removed from class and his parents withdrew him from the school. Last month as students returned from spring
Scientists in Italy have extracted the oldest ever DNA sample to be taken from a Neanderthal. Calcium formations on ‘Altamura Man’ suggest he was 128,000 to 187,000 years old. Now researchers plan to sequence his DNA to see if they can reveal new details about the evolution of our ancient ancestors.
Locations in Ceredigion, Powys and Pembrokeshire used to radicalise Muslims. Those involved in such activities 'take part in seemingly ordinary activities' Incidents of Islamic extremist activity in Wales can be traced back to 1998. It is claimed hate preacher Abu Hamza sent group of 10 extremists to train in Brecon Beacons.
Three-year-old Freddie Hussey was killed by a runaway trailer last year. The trailer mounted the pavement and crushed him against a wall in Bristol. Mother Donna Hussey, 32, has been targeted by online trolls on Facebook. Trolls have called her a 'bad mum' and blamed her for the death of her son. Freddie's father Scott blasted the driver's six-month driving ban as a 'joke'
Photographer Victor Albert Prout travelled along the River Thames in a makeshift boat in the 1850s. He installed a dark room on the spot where he captured his panoramic images of the famous landmarks. The images were saved by Prout in his book of pictures of the Thames in the mid 1850s and will now be auctioned.
Ukip leader Nigel Farage has vowed to stand down if he fails to win seat. Diane James says party would carry on without him and not a one-man band. Poll in February put him on course to win Thanet South seat by a small margin. Miss James named three possible successors to Mr Farage.
Ephedra foeminea produces droplets of sugary fluid to attract pollinating insects. They ooze from the plant’s female organs where seeds are produced. When a butterfly lands on one of the tasty transparent orbs at night, the pollen it’s carrying is used to fertilise the seed. Scientists from Stockholm University noticed the droplets at the same time of the year having conducted four years of research.
Joseph Getty, 26, had 83 microgrammes of alcohol per 100ml of breath. His relative Andrew Getty was found dead at his Hollywood home.
Bryan Santana of Orlando, Florida is accused of strangling and stabbing his roommate Shelby Fazio to death, and then having sex with her corpse. Prosecutors say he reveled in the pain he inflicted on the 23-year-old Disney World employee. This came just days after his lawyer argued that he is not competent to stand trial following an incident where he smeared feces all over himself and tried to hit a corrections officer.
John Noble, 53, shot himself in the head at the M Resort in Las Vegas on Easter Sunday. He sent a 270 page letter and two hour video to the Las Vegas Review-Journal explaining why he was going to kill himself. Included in the package was a two hour DVD in which a clearly upset Noble addresses the camera and wishes harm on the women he blames for having him banned from the casino. 'Today, I end my life due to the M Resort Spa Casino and its employees,' said Noble.
Women paid 62p an hour to make 'feminist' T-shirts in Mauritius factory. Workers were beaten by police during protests over pay and conditions. Dozens of workers at the factory have been sacked and deported.
Peter Thurston, 80, couldn't afford to buy bigger vessel for cruising. So he built his own 'catamavan', a cross between a boat and a caravan. It has an oven, fridge freezer, shower, toilet, double bed and two tables.
UK has now met the target to spend 0.7 per cent of national income on overseas aid. But new EU accounting rules are being brought in which change the way national income is measured. The new total includes estimates of parts of the black economy such as prostitution and drug running. It means that Gross National Income will rise – pushing up the amount that will need to be spent on aid to meet the 0.7 per cent target.
John Shipton's eccentric and colourful home sold for $1.42 million on Wednesday. The two-bedroom home was first put on the market for at least $1.1 million, but failed to sell in an initial auction in mid-March. The property was originally built in the 1870s as the servant's quarters to a Victorian villa next door. The vibrant home set on 247sqm is a treasure-trove of beautiful and original decorative finishes.
'According to our work, information isn't lost once it enters a black hole,' says Dejan Stojkovic, an associate professor of physics at the University at Buffalo. His new paper presents explicit calculations demonstrating how information is preserved, he says. Research marks a significant step toward solving the 'information loss paradox,' a problem that has plagued physics for almost 40 years.
University of Sydney is running a pilot of a 17-week bridging diploma for Year 11 students at the elite school Scot's College. Students who completed the course successfully were guaranteed places in a number of undergraduate level courses. National Union of Students said it was'really concerning' if the program was only open to students who could afford it.
The world's largest atom-smashing machine was restarted today. It was shut down two years ago after confirming the existence of the Higgs boson. Scientists hope it will now unlock even more fundamental secrets of the universe.
Drug company accused of trying to block trials aimed at promoting a 'cheap, safe and effective' treatment for sight loss on the NHS. It has 'bullied' experts who have tried to prove that a cancer drug can be used to treat one of the most common forms of blindness, according to the BMJ. Avastin is just as effective at tackling wet age-related macular degeneration as the current treatment, Lucentis.
Crashes took place between October 2010 and January 2012 and earned ringleader John Smith, 45, £159,000. All collisions followed similar scenarios in which a car would collide with the side of a bus, causing both minimal impact and damage. In each case, the driver of the car would admit full liability, allowing all of the passengers from the bus to submit personal injury claims. Police uncovered Smith's plot after being alerted by First Direct insurance to unusually high volume of claims. They also found more than 90 per cent of the claimants involved in the collisions were linked to one another.
Penny Wong's partner Sophie Allouache gave birth to baby Hannah on Good Friday in Adelaide. It is the second child for the long-term couple who welcomed their eldest daughter Alexandra in 2011. Hannah was conceived through IVF by the same man who helped them become parents to Alex.
The 5,300-ton HMS Talent limped back to port with a huge dent. Royal Navy top brass are investigating the incident. Defence officials refused to disclose exact details of the crash. But they were adamant that HMS Talent struck ‘floating ice’ rather than a Russian sub. Collision comes at a time of heightened tension between Britain and Russia.
Etienne Gould Nunan was born premature, after just 26 weeks in the womb, and weighed only 558 grams. He developed pneumonia, suffered a collapsed lung and endured 58 blood transfusions to fight infections. But slowly, 'tough little fighter' Etienne began to experience his first milestones in life. A touching home video shows the moment the tiny baby, not much larger than a can of soft drink, was allowed to touch his mother for the first time.
A planning application submitted for David and Victoria Beckham's home shows plans for a 'cinema room' The ceiling height would be 9.5ft, and the room measures some 300 sq ft. The Beckhams could easily fit 20 seats — enough for their family of six plus friends — in the room which would adjoin a 500 sq ft. Meanwhile, George Clooney, who has recently purchased a £10million manor house, is also building a home cinema.
Council chiefs condemned for claiming it was too dangerous to collect litter. Winchester Council said its annual clean-up had been hit by new rules. But the HSE denied tightening rules and said councils were 'over-interpreting'
Julian Lines was filmed edging towards the top of the cliff in the Cairngorms as he scaled the sheer rock face. The 42-year-old is seen grappling to find handholds and footholds as he edges towards the summit. Mr Lines, from Northern Ireland, said 'life's problems evaporate' when he is climbing.
Managers from the London Ambulance Service have just filled 225 vacant posts with applicants from Sydney and Melbourne. They were recruited on the back of a series of practical demonstrations on dummies, a written exam and an interview that lasted in all between four and six hours. The selection process, held at five-star hotels, was so quick that applicants had received an email informing them if they had a job. It is the latest example of how the NHS is recruiting overseas because it has failed to train enough staff in Britain to meet the needs of the rising and ageing population. The ambulance service is also severely understaffed and,
Raising retirement age is unfair on Scottish pensioners, Nicola Sturgeon said. She said the rising retirement age was particularly unfair for pensioners in Scotland because they don’t live as long as their counterparts in the rest of the country. At the same time she issued a demand for a huge inflation-busting increase in the State pension, which would cost billions of pounds more.
Netanyahu said in a televised statement: 'Such a deal would legitimize Iran's nuclear program, bolster Iran's economy, increase Iran's aggression & terror throughout the ME [Middle East] & beyond' He added: 'Such a deal would increase the risks of nuclear proliferation in the region and the risks of a horrific war' The White House said in a statement that 'progress on the nuclear issue in no way diminishes our concerns with respect to Iran's sponsorship of terrorism and threats towards Israel'
Detective Patrick Cherry was stripped of his shield and gun and will be placed on administrative duty following the outburst. Cherry appears on NBC 4 New York on Friday night to say: 'I apologize. I sincerely apologize' He adds: 'My intention was to be courteous and then we got into an argument. There was no intention to berate or hurt deeply the driver' Cherry's case was transferred to the Civilian Complaint Review Board following a complaint of 'discourtesy'
The 137th annual Easter Egg Roll kicked off on the White House South Lawn Monday morning with an estimated 35,000 attendees. The First Lady joined the So You Think You Can Dance All Stars on stage taking the spotlight during a choreographed routine. This comes only days after she sported her mom dance moves on the Tonight Show Starring Jimmy Fallon during a segment called The Evolution of Mom Dancing Part 2.
The artist behind a statue of Lucille Ball has admitted to being 'disappointed' in his work, offering to fix the sculpture for free. Residents of Celoron, New York, reacted with shock and horror when the 'I Love Lucy' statue was unveiled in 2009. Following a recent social media campaign to have the bronze statue removed, sculptor Dave Poulin called it 'by far my most unsettling sculpture', and pledged to make a new one.
The quota system was abolished today after 30 years. It allows dairy farmers to produce as much milk as they like without penalty. The move is expected to drive a spike in production, particularly in countries like Ireland, Germany and the Netherlands. As a result, a price war over the cost of milk is likely to break out.
Instagram allows us to document our 'luxurious' travel experiences. Stars such as Beyonce post pictures of themselves next to world-famous landmarks. But the reality is that some of the pictures are not entirely true.
Stars like Halle Berry, Gwen Stefani and Cindy Crawford prove you can still rock a bikini. FEMAIL rounds up some of the best bikini bodies in Hollywood.
Khalid Saeed Batarfi was a senior leader with al-Qaeda in the Arabian Peninsula. Two days ago he was freed, along with 300 other inmates, as terrorists stormed the prison he was being held in. Pictures posted online show the terrorist grinning as he sits in the governor's palace in the city of Mukalla.
Tampons absorb chemicals commonly used on toilet paper, laundry detergents and shampoos, which glow under UV light. They could shed light on previously undetectable misplumbed pathways. It’s estimated that around five per cent of homes in the UK have pipes that are misconnected, causing them to leak sewage. Tampons could be used to trace the source of the sewage to certain households so that pipes dumping sewage into rivers can be redirected.
Move comes ahead of a giant military parade in Red Square on May 9 to mark the 70th anniversary of the end of the Second World War. The design bureau of the Russian Defence Ministry showcased balaclavas, shiny'military boots', sweat pants and tops emblazoned with the slogans 'Army', 'Polite', and 'Politeness conquests the cities'
V Stiviano showed off two new accessories while enjoying lunch in Los Angeles on Thursday. The 32-year-old was seen with an older male companion and some new braces on her already straight teeth while dining al fresco. This just days before a judge will decide if she must hand over $2.8million in gifts she received from her ex, embattled former Los Angeles Clippers owner Donald Sterling.
Ian Walters, 51, allegedly killed his wife Tracy by deliberately driving their truck into a tree at 84mph, a court heard today. Two dogs and suitcases were also thrown out of the pick-up truck being driven by Walters as it crashed into a line of trees near Markfield, Leicestershire. Prosecutors allege Walters, a driving test examiner, steered his Mitsubishi L200 off the motorway after his wife said she wanted a divorce. Walters, of Swindon, denies the murder of his wife, who died in hospital two days after the high-speed crash.
The disgusting symbol of racial hatred is now under investigation by Duke University and the police. Police said the thin yellow rope was tied into a noose at about 2 a.m. Wednesday on the Bryan Center plaza in Durham, North Carolina. The area in which the noose was found is home to several offices focused on diversity including the Center for Sexual and Gender Diversity.
The Boy Scouts' Greater New York Councils said they hired Pascal Tessier, an 18-year-old Eagle Scout. Tessier has been a vocal advocate of opening the 105-year-old organization to gay scouts and leaders. The national organization changed its policy in 2013 to allow openly gay kids as scouts, but not adults as leaders.
Huge sandstorm has reduced visibility to less than 500 metres in Dubai. Flights to Dubai International Airport have been forced to divert. People are being urged to check with their airlines to see how their planes are affected by the weather.
Eccentrically-disguised man entered a branch of the U.S Bank in Santa Cruz. Handed cashier a note demanding money at around 3pm last Friday. His blonde wig, female clothing, glasses and purse prompted comparisons with Mrs Doubtfire from the 1993 movie starring Robin Williams.
Madison Small left school early on Monday and when she woke up in the night with a headache, she was rushed to hospital. She passed away on Tuesday morning but so far the cause of her death has not been determined. Her family and friends said she was otherwise healthy. On Tuesday night, hundreds gathered for a candle-lit vigil to remember her.
Boris Majnaric, 75, of South Jordan, built the 384-sq-ft, four-room bird house in 1996 and went on to rear more than 200 birds. Over the years neighbors filed a torrent of complaints about the pigeons, detailing excess droppings and noise. Last Tuesday the structure was finally demolished. Majnaric, who was so fond of his flock he once delivered CPR to an ailing member, was not present for the demolition.
President Obama said the thought of his 16-year-old daughter going to college'starts tearing up in the middle of the day and I can't explain it, why am I so sad?' The 11th grade student has already visited at UC Berkeley, Stanford, NYU, Columbia, Harvard, Brown, Princeton, Yale and Wesleyan.
Drug was developed by British pharmaceutical giant Astra Zeneca. Originally aimed to treat certain types of tumour, but proved ineffective. Scientists at Yale University in Connecticut have revealed how the treatment restored memory in mice given Alzheimer's disease.
Anthony Stokes, 17, died on Tuesday after he crashed a stolen Honda into a pole as he fled the scene of an attempted burglary at an elderly woman's home in Roswell, Georgia. He suffered from a dilated cardiomyopathy so his heart was unable to pump enough blood. In 2013, he was initially refused a transplant because doctors thought he would be 'non-compliant' with the treatment. His family and civil rights groups campaigned for him to be put on the waiting list.
Fab Four signed cardboard gnome after starring on iconic Sgt Pepper's Lonely Hearts Club Band cover. Gnome has emerged for sale almost 50 years later after being listed for auction by a private collector. Auctioneers in the US have valued the gnome, which has some water damage, at about £17,000.
A man was ejected from a Melbourne nightclub late Thursday night. He then returned and stabbed the security guard in the back. The 29-year-old bouncer was taken to hospital with non-life threatening injuries. In a separate incident, early on Good Friday, another security guard was stabbed in Melbourne. The 24-year-old suffered serious injuries and was taken to hospital.
Multilevel settlement is likely to include living spaces, kitchens, chimneys, chapels, staircases and secret churches. It lies beneath the Nevehir fortress and the surrounding area, which was being excavated during a construction project. The find is similar to the discovery of Derinkuyu, which was made in 1963 when a man took down the wall in his basement. The volcanic rock, or 'tuff,' was soft and highly malleable, and proved ideal building material.
Lauren Crawley, 54, from Hertfordshire, was given a new platinum implant. It makes it easier to blink again, as she tells THEA JOURDAN.
Queensland's Dreamworld is being sued for $290,000 by a former casual employee. Zoe Dennise Prince claims she suffers from a permanent disability caused by checking harnesses on the Tower of Terror thrill ride. She alleges she was required to inspect around 1500 harnesses every day and wasn't given sufficient breaks. Ms Prince has already undergone two operations and she has developed intersection syndrome and De Quervain’s tenosynovitis in her right wrist.
Suzanne Adams' son James Robshaw was born with cerebral palsy. Hospital staff failed to carry out a Caesarean section or monitor her during labour. James, now 12, cannot speak, dress or feed himself and must use a wheelchair. He will be dependent on others to enable him to carry out most routine daily tasks for the rest of his life.
Maria Malone-Guerbaa, 41, from London, used nothing but paints. She simply googled pictures of bunnies, picking one she liked best. The final result took three hours to achieve.
Nathaly Hernandez has lived at the Home of the Innocents in Kentucky since she was three months old. She was born with a number of complications impacting her joints and movement. A new video shows her perfectly lip-syncing to Miley Cyrus' Wrecking Ball.
Lisa Williams, 49, hit taxi driver David Coleman three times with a hammer. The two families had been 'neighbours at war' since the Colemans moved in next door to the Williams' home in 2007. Williams was jailed for 30 months today at Snaresbrook Crown Court.
Gang of four were seen trying to hack into an ATM outside a Waitrose store. They spent eight minutes trying to access the vault before speeding off in stolen car. They were tracked to a block of flats in Tamworth where they were arrested. Gang used circular saw, crowbars and hydraulic cutter to try and access vault. They caused £20,000 worth of damage before they were caught by police. Driver Dean Beech, 37, was jailed for 12 years for his part in the ATM raid. Mark Kirk, 34, Pedro Taylor, 30, and Jason Hadley, 27, were also jailed.
Shaun Andrew McKerry, 31, has committed more than 1,000 offences. He was unmasked as the axe wielding thief in an attempted post office robbery. Shopkeeper and his wife rugby tackled him to the floor and revealed his face. McKerry is known as 'Boomerang Boy' because he always returned home. He was arrested 80 times in 1995 and 45 times during the 36 weeks he managed to stay out of prison in 1998.
Gul Ahmad Saeed, 25, is alleged to have killed his fiancee's family. He is said to have shot dead her parents, brother and sister-in-law. Comes just months after he allegedly killed his own parents over wedding plans.
Charles Terreni Jr, 18, was found dead at Pi Kappa Alpha house Wednesday. His blood alcohol level was.375, four times the legal limit. The fraternity has been suspended by the University of South Carolina.
Valerie Cadman-Khan, 56, was handcuffed in front of her daughter in 2008. Cleveland Police accused her of negligent behaviour over child neglect claim. Her daughter Aimee, now 19, had been left alone for 45 minutes in the cold. Mrs Cadman-Khan has successfully sued the police for wrongful arrest.
Michelle Gent directed and starred in violent films featuring whips and chains. The 50-year-old used the party's offices in Ashfield, Nottinghamshire, to hold auditions for the sordid films. Some of the clips show women bound with leather straps, while others show girls drenched in fake blood.
Two Boeing 737s collided as they taxied to a runway at Dublin Airport. Passengers on board both planes were taken back to the terminal by bus. Boeing 737s involved in the collision were taken out of service to undergo inspections and any necessary repairs. In October a Ryanair jet had its winglet torn off when it collided with another plane.
Scientists studied 28 fossilised cone snail shells found in the Dominican Republic. They were bleached over time, but under ultraviolet light traces of pigment left in the shells are revealed, allowing their colours to be reconstrcuted. The scientists now believe the cone snail shells, which come from the northern Dominican Republic, include 13 entirely new species.
Disease claims almost 11,000 lives a year in the UK, with most deaths occurring after it spreads around the body. Scientists studied samples taken from tumours in the prostate and around the body in ten men with the illness. Reading the DNA revealed details of how the cancer spreads. It seems that most of the cells in a tumour stay where they are. However, a small number have the ability to travel through the body, creating new tumours as they go. These cells are the ‘root’ of the cancer and for a treatment to work, they should be destroyed.
Labour leader's cribsheets also reveal how he planned to'relish the chance to show who I am' Embarrassingly for the Labour leader, ten pages of notes were apparently left behind in Salford ITV studios.
Punters have reacted with a mixture of amusement and fury to the announcement Future Music Festival will not return to Australia in 2016. Many people were upset over the cancellation, blaming the festival organisers for sending themselves broke by spending too much money on headline acts Drake and Avicii. Others were quick to make fun of Future festival goers, blaming'shirtless f***wits' for ruining the festival and joking that 'gym memberships and ecstasy dealers' would be hardest hit.
An ultra luxury penthouse in the Australia 108 complex has been sold for $25 million to a Chinese businessman. The Melbourne apartment is spread across the entire 100th floor of super skyscraper Australia 108. The 750 square metre apartment on Southbank promenade will have 360 degree views over Melbourne's CBD. Australia 108 will contain 1,105 luxury apartments, as well as retail tenancies, a multi-level carpark and communal facilities.
A collection of 25 letters penned by the Mexican artist to her lover Jose Bartoli are expected to fetch upwards of $120,000 when they go up for auction later this month. They were written between August 1946 and November 1949 and were saved by Jose until his death in 1995.
Anthony Corrales has filed a suit claiming he was almost killed by a retired NYPD officer who was then let off the hook by fellow cops. Corrales claims he was driving with his wife and daughter, 10, last June near Resorts World Casino in the Queens section of New York City when a car cut in front of him. He then claims that when he got out of the car to get the car's license plate number, he was mowed down by the car, and driven for several blocks at breakneck speed.
Ambra Battilana, 22, told police the Hollywood producer groped her. He 'put his hand up her skirt' during a 'business meeting' at his office. She did not 'co-operate' with police for four days, it has been claimed. Delay was because she and her manager were working behind the scenes to try and land her a film role, it has been claimed. But once the 'pipe dream' came to nothing, she decided to pursue the case. She attended a Saturday matinee of the Weinstein-produced Broadway play 'Finding Neverland' and even tweeted a photo of her
Luo Kun Kun contracted the virus from his mother when she was pregnant. He was only diagnosed when he was five years old. Locals - including his own grandfather - signed a petition to banish him. They said he 'provokes fear among the community' and referred to him as a 'ticking time bomb' The case has highlighted the stigma attached to HIV/AIDS in China.
Woman's body was found at Derby Motor Boat Club in Sawley, Leicestershire. The woman is thought to be in her 60s and was discovered on Sunday. A 65-year-old man has been arrested and released on police bail. Post-mortem examination failed to establish cause of death.
Joe Sullivan, 46, will leave his role as Facebook's security chief to join Uber. The rapidly-expanding mobile taxi service has been plagued by serious accusations of failing to vet its drivers. Lawsuits have been brought against Uber in San Francisco and Los Angeles. A New Delhi driver was accused of raping a passenger in December. This week in Denver, a driver tried and failed to break into a passenger's home. In London, a woman was allegedly asked to perform oral sex on her driver.
Roy Keane will stand trial over an alleged road-rage incident with a taxi driver. The 43-year-old has denied committing a public order offence. It was claimed he behaved aggressively towards driver Fateh Kerar, 44. He did not attend a brief hearing at Trafford Magistrates' Court today.
The #SkyhighSelfie is one of the unusual extras being offered on the airline's Dreamliner routes. Customers will be able to check in free of charge and share their location and photos on Facebook. Mood lighting is available in all classes aboard Virgin's Dreamliner, helping passengers relax and unwind.
Mark Jones is accused of murdering his 41-day-old granddaughter Amelia Rose Jones. The 45-year-old is said to have complained she was a 'bloody nightmare' The youngster died of a bleed to the brain after being rushed to hospital. She was being babysat by her grandfather while her mother went out. His defence is he dropped Amelia on two separate nights - first after accidentally slipping on a toy and then after suddenly fainting.
Sikander Rafiq, 34, and Samara Jabreen, 32, lied to Birmingham City Council about their relationship in a scam spanning an eight year period. Couple pocketed £66,268 housing benefit, council tax benefit and income support. Jabreen first lodged a genuine claim for income support in 2002. But three years later, when Rafiq bought them a house, Jabreen claimed to be a private tenant and asked that her benefit payments be made to her landlord.
Six infrared cameras mounted around the aircraft allow its pilots to 'look through' the air-frame, giving them a perfect 360 degree view of their surroundings and enemies. All of the information they need to complete their mission - airspeed, altitude and even warnings systems - are projected straight onto the helmet's visor. F-35 Lightning II is considered one of the most complex pieces of weaponry ever and is programmed with 8 million lines of software code.
Allie Davis, 21, from Minneapolis, asked her boyfriend a series of questions about Beyonce, One Direction and Solange Knowles. She told him he had to score at least 60 per cent 'to stay in the relationship'
29-year-old Pankaj Saw fell three storeys from a Macquarie Park balcony to his death on Thursday, while talking to his wife in India. Emergency services were called to the unit block on Cottonwood Crescent at 1am, however Mr Saw died at the scene from serious head and internal injuries. It is believed Mr Saw was leaning on a wooden railing that ran across the top of the balcony and it gave way falling to the concrete metres below.
Tracy Morgan was seen in public looking greatly improved as he walked with a cane on Monday, almost a year after his horrific auto accident. Morgan was accompanied by his fiancee Megan Wollover and their daughter Maven for a shopping trip in New Jersey. This comes a little over a month after Morgan was forced to miss the Saturday Night Live 40th anniversary special.
This is according to a British study that has discovered a condition called'marine photic zone euxinia' in one of the prehistoric oceans. This happens when the sun-lit surface waters of the ocean become devoid of oxygen and are poisoned by hydrogen sulphide. Study authors fear that the planet today could suffer similar consequences caused by the amount of carbon dioxide being created through the burning of fossil fuels.
Reid said he is 'over' the fear that he may not regain vision in his right eye following a New Year's Day exercise accident. The lawmaker's tale of how he came to sustain broken bones in his face while working out in his Nevada home with a plastic exercise band is one that has been questioned. Reid explained that he was exercising in his new home in Nevada at the time when the strip'slipped, spun me around, about, I four feet' 'I smashed my face into a cabinet so hard...' he said trailing off as Univision anchor Jorge Ramos interrupted him with another question.
Ruba Khandaqji, 36, was charged with two counts of corruption by threat against a public official and resisting arrest without violence. Khandaqji called the Osceola County Sheriff’s Office on Monday telling the dispatcher that she was going to hire a hitman and 'kill whomever I can kill' because she wanted to be deported to Jordan.
Ambra Battilana, 22, told police that the Hollywood producer groped her and put his hand up her skirt during a 'business meeting' at his Tribeca office on Friday night. He has spoken to police and denied the accusations but a recorded conversation between him and Battilana shows he did not deny the incident, it has been reported. She also convinced him to meet her at a restaurant and the NYPD were also there to watch that meeting, according to reports. He voluntarily went to speak with police on Saturday and has promised full cooperation with the probe.
Alexander Bradley appeared in Bristol County Superior Court on Wednesday to testify in the Aaron Hernandez murder trial. Bradley, who says he was Hernandez's former drug dealer and then his best friend, cannot reveal his claim that Hernandez shot him in the eye. Bradley will be allowed to tell jurors he saw someone hand Hernandez a black Glock pistol in a Miami hotel.
Professor Ninian Peckitt is accused of punching a patient in the face. The 63-year-old was working as an honorary locum at Ipswich Hospital. A medical tribunal will decide whether he should be struck off the register.
Little owl spotted creeping along a tree branch before tugging at his brother's wing. The bird then swoops under his sibling's wing, prompting an amusing game of tug-of-war. The scene was photographed from just six metres away by sales manager Dean Mason in Beaconsfield, Buckinghamshire.
Researchers at Joint Base Lewis-McChord looked at military records of 3.9million personnel who served after 9/11. Found no direct link between deployment to a war zone and elevated suicide rates. Suicide rates were similar regardless of whether or not servicemen and women were deployed to Iraq or Afghanistan. Service members with a dishonorable discharge were about twice as likely to commit suicide as those who had an honorable separation.
Wayne Kyle gave his first interview since his son's killer was sentenced to life in prison in February. Chris Kyle and friend Chad Littlefield were shot dead at a Texas gun range in 2013 by Eddie Routh, after taking him to the range to help him cope with his PTSD. Wayne Kyle attended the trial, but said it was difficult to be choked in the same room with his son's killer. He described the movie American Sniper as an 'absolute disgrace' for the way it portrayed his other son, Jeff Kyle, as 'cowardly'
The six-month-old kitten fell from a building in Zetland, inner-east Sydney, last month. It was taken in by a local vet clinic, My Vet Animal Hospital, who shared the story of aptly-named 'Seven' on social media. Since then, the cat has won the hearts of many who have donated funds to help pay for the his hefty medical bills and surgeries.
Italian prelate was sacked from religious order in Taranto. Online lover contacted church authorities with a dossier of evidence. It contained alleged evidence of sex with prostitutes, role play and explicit web chats. Priest allegedly favoured sexual role-play scenarios and had to atone for his betrayal of Jesus by becoming his slave.
Kong Meng Xiong, 21, of St.Paul, Minnesota has been charged with kidnapping, third-degree criminal sexual conduct and false imprisonment. Xiong and his parents say they wanted the girl and Xiong to marry in the Hmong tradition. In traditional marriages the man generally asks permission from the girl's family to wed her. If that method fails, there is a tradition of 'bride-napping' in Hmong culture in which the man may literally drag his bride to his house when her parents are not home.
Katherine Hadsell says she's eager for police in Norfolk to give'more insight into what they're actually doing' to find 18-year-old college student Anjelica Hadsell. Police just this past week focused their search on a pond near Carrsville after getting a new tip that her cell phone may be below its surface. Wesley Hadsell, 18, has admitted breaking into the home of the person he believes took his daughter against her will.
Mohamed Hamdin, 24, appeared in Downing Centre Court on Tuesday. He was charged with indecently assaulting a 15-year-old girl at a concert. Police say Hamdin touched the girl inappropriately during the concert of U.S. rappers YG and Ty Dolla $ign at Enmore Theatre, in Sydney's inner-west, on Australia Day. Hamdin will reappear again on April 28 at Downing Local Court.
The bodies of four people, including two young boys under ten, were discovered in a Tulsa home on Wednesday afternoon. The unidentified family - a 38-year-old mother, 42-year-old father and their two sons - apparently died from gunshot wounds. Tulsa police said 'based on the physical evidence inside the house', they believe the father killed his wife and children before using the gun on himself.
The native Australian marsupial once occupied more than 70 per cent of the Australian mainland. Now it’s disappeared from around 80 per cent of that area. Predators like feral cats and foxes are the biggest threat to the bilby populations. Other contributing factors include farm animals destroying bilby habitat and introduced species like rabbits competing with them for food and burrows.
Churchill, then 84, was President Eisenhower's guest of honour at the gathering, held at the home of the US ambassador in London, in 1959. The party, held on the 20th anniversary of Nazi Germany's invasion of Poland, brought together the great and good of the Allied WWII campaign. The former prime minister, famously partial to a daytime drink, appeared to be struggling to keep his eyes open as the leaders posed for official photographs.
The inn is being built in the prince's model village in Dorset. It is a joint development between the Duchy of Cornwall and brewery Hall & Woodhouse. The estate, which is on his Duchy of Cornwall land near Dorchester, already has a Prince George House.
Mr Dahl's wife, Marguerite Dahl, confirmed on Tuesday that her husband of 40 years died March 23 of chronic obstructive pulmonary disease. His rocks, which formed a brief but remarkably successful craze for several months in 1975, came packed in a cardboard box. Mr Dahl estimated he had sold 1.5million of them at roughly $4 each by the time the fad fizzled only a few months after it hit the market.
Michael Olsen, 52, abandoned his car in the middle of the road in Welling, Kent. He was challenged by PCs Mark Bird and Robert Wilson who pursued him. When they got out he turned round and pulled a gun to PC Wilson's head. PC Bird lunged at Olsen to save his colleague and was shot in the hand. Olsen denied knowing the gun was real but was found guilty at court.
Sean McCabe, 30, was diagnosed with stage four Hodgkin Lymphoma in 2013. He was given the all-clear but two months later was told it had returned. Told he had just two months to live and planned his own funeral for January 2014. Booked St David's Church in Tonyrefail, south Wales, to play Jessie J's 'Who You Are' He also wrote a goodbye letter to his three children to read out to them. But in December 2014 he was told his cancer was now in remission. Has now rebooked the church for his wedding to long term partner Lisa Williams
A YouTube video shows I Was Only 19 being performed at Reclaim Australia's Gold Coast protest. Saturday's rallies across the nation erupted into violence when the group's supporters clashed with anti-racism groups. Former Redgum frontman John Schumann said the song was about compassion, tolerance and inclusiveness.
Rilwan Oshodi bought Karen Budow's bank details for just £3,200. She had handed them over to Egyptian hacker Tamer Abdulhamid as part of scam. His girlfriend Annette Jabeth then posed as victim and withdrew £1m. They spent savings on cheeseburgers, computers and bottles of champagne. But he insists he is so broke he can't even pay his lawyers. Judge tells him to repay £940,820.34 or face further four years in prison.
A 39-year-old woman named Lillian Roldan says she dated Ariel Castro from 2000 to 2003. Roldan detailed her 'romantic' relationship with the Cleveland kidnapper in the new book The Lost Girls by John Glatt. During their three-year relationship, Castro kidnapped Michelle Knight and Amanda Berry and kept them locked up in his home.
Kim Howe, 69, died in Pacific Coast Highway crash earlier this year. She was driving a white Lexus which Jenner's Cadillac Escalade rear-ended. Mr Jenner is said to have'rear-ended' Mrs Howe's car, causing it to be pushed into oncoming traffic. The 69-year-old's two adult stepchildren are said to have 'lawyered up' They are the only people who could launch a wrongful death suit.
Aleksandr Glushko, 21, of Delta Junction drove for more than three miles while intoxicated to retrieve the truck he'd just crashed. But his bright idea turned sour when an Alaskan Railroad worker spotted him at the wheel of the forklift driving by the crash site. He has been charged with a felony for driving under the influence of alcohol.
Rosie, 27, models her new summer sleepwear collection for Autograph at M&S. Says she follows an organic diet and believes it's a worthy investment. Also starring in Mad Max - Fury Road, released this week.
Gertrude Weaver passed away from complications due to pneumonia on Monday in Camden, Arkansas. She became the world's oldest person on Wednesday following the death of 117-year-old Misao Okawa in Japan. Weaver attributed her long life to treating others well and eating her own cooking.
Chase Lacasse, 19, was apprehended by real state police in New Hampshire. He was arrested and charged with felony impersonation of police. It is not known whether he identified himself as an officer in any way other than his dress.
Apryl Foster, 33, was last seen leaving a bar alone in Ybor City, Florida, on February 12. She failed to show up for work at Ulele Restaurant, where she was a waitress, and left her cats home alone. After a widespread search, divers found her car in a nearby lake on February 22. Autopsy results show she was under the influence of alcohol and marijuana. Her death has been ruled an accidental drowning.
Sam, 22, has dropped three stone by following a dairy-free, low-carb and low sugar diet. Singer has taken up yoga and weight training to tone his frame. He is now the star of Vogue.co.uk's April 'Today I'm Wearing' slot.
Russian artist Marina Yamkovskaia, 39, specializes in creating life-like bird dolls and says she can't keep up with orders. Indeed, on her website all of the critters appear to have sold out except for one $399 fluffy owl named Leo.
Morrisons has been named the best place to get breakfast in the UK. Supermarket beat Wetherspoons and Bella Italia to win the title. It was picked out by judges for its value for money, food quality and customer satisfaction.
Nearly half of young workers think it is acceptable to regularly get drunk. Binge drinking costs the British economy £4.9bn every year in terms of treating drunks in A&E, road crashes, police arrests and court cases.
Obama has ordered the release of 22 drug dealers - including eight who were serving life sentences. Nearly all of the offenders who Obama granted clemency to were convicted of dealing addictive, hard drugs like crack cocaine, methamphetamine and heroin. The effort is aimed at reducing harsh sentences for those who faced outdated guidelines at their time of sentencing.
Iain Mackay, 40, is believed to have argued with Thai girlfriend moments before death. He is also understood to have clashed with a man who was talking to his girlfriend at a bar in the coastal city of Hua Hin. Thai police said Mr Mackay was in a rage when he cut himself with a piece of glass at a shop near the bar where he had spotted his girlfriend. Onlookers called paramedics after he was found bleeding profusely at the shop but they were unable to save him.
Maryland's middle class is the highest paid in the country, with an average income of $72,483. Alaska is second with $72,237, followed by New Jersey with $70,165. Mississippi's middle class is the lowest paid in the country, with an average income of $37,963.
Le Femme is a finishing school for transgender women in New Jersey. The school was created by Ellen Weirich, who helps 'trans' women. Lessons include how to walk gracefully in heels and how to speak like a lady.
Kansai International Airport in Japan has never lost a piece of luggage. Staff place suitcases on carousels with their handles facing outwards. Seven of the top 10 airports for baggage handling are located in Asia.
Ellanora Baidoo and Victor Sena Blood-Dzraku married in 2009 in a civil ceremony. The relationship unraveled when the defendant reneged on his promise to a traditional Ghanaian wedding ceremony as well. Because of this, the wedding was not consummated and the pair have never lived together.
Jane Bacon, 51, booked 'final trip' to Sharm El Sheikh with husband Peter. She was diagnosed with breast cancer in 2012 and told she could die in months. She bought £1,000-trip before doctors said she needed 18-week course of chemotherapy. She contacted easyJet to delay the trip but was told to pay £176 to switch flights. Airline has apologised and said it will refund the additional cost for switching flights.
A 30-year-old Darwin man is accused of using someone else's employee registration number to pose as a fake nurse. He allegedly posed as a nurse at the Aurukun Primary Health Centre on Cape York during February and March. The alarm was raised by payroll workers when they noticed the registration number. The man was receiving a $100,000 annual salary and accommodation from Queensland Health in the six weeks he was at the hospital.
Nicholas James Langan, 24, from Townsville, was arrested about 1.00am on January 27 at a beach in Canggu, north of Kuta. Police seized the 0.1 gram joint and a small bag of marijuana weighing 0.86 grams. Also arrested was Hanung Pekik Hermantoro, 25, a driver for The Green Room Villas where the Queensland painter was staying.
Personality could replicate the robot's owner, 'a deceased loved one,' or 'a celebrity' Patent says that the robot personality could replicate the robot's owner, 'a deceased loved one,' or 'a celebrity'
Lance Lara, 10, from Fort Worth, Texas, is a bull rider in his own right. He has been crowned world champion in his age group several times. But each time he gets on a bullock, he risks life and limb. One in 15 bull rides across all age groups ends in injury of some sort.
Millions of devout Christians around the world have been commemorating the final days of Jesus Christ. Festival marks the trial, crucifixion and resurrection of Jesus culminating in Easter Sunday. In northern Philippines, bare-footed men with bloodied backs lie on roads being beaten with sticks and whips. effigies to Jesus Christ were erected in the Philippines, Belarus and in Venezuela.
On average, women only earn 78 cents for every dollar made by men. The comedian is a supporter of Levo League's Ask4More campaign, which aims to empower women throughout their careers.
On Saturday, Rosetta swooped to within just 8.6 miles (14 km) of the comet’s surface. During this close flyby, the probe was able to capture a stunning four image montage showing the two lobes of the icy comet. The top right frame offers a stunning view onto Hapi, the comet’s ‘neck’ region that is littered with boulders. The scale at this distance is 1.7 m/pixel and the image measures 3.1 x 1.7 km.
Extremist group's first English bulletin aired on al-Bayan radio network. Nine-and-a-half minute broadcast is hosted by man with American accent. Includes information on suicide bombings and'martyrdom operations' ISIS already has a monthly propaganda magazine, Dabiq.
The New Jersey native bought the SoHo pad in 2007 for $24million. The duplex has two levels and comes with five bedrooms, five-and-a-half bathrooms and two kitchens.
The bill for moving the creatures is nearly six times the original estimate. The bill for moving the creatures is nearly six times the original estimate. In January and February 2014 residents on the Levels were forced to abandon their homes after record rainfall saw rivers burst their banks. The Environment Agency says it has a legal duty to protect water voles as an endangered species.
Albert Webb, 51, Jimmy Chuter, 26, and Jesse Webb, 19, jailed for total of eight years. Trio followed elderly people home from Post Office before demanding cash. If victim had no cash, they would be driven to nearby cash point or con their way into their homes before stealing from them. In total the family gang carried out 35 thefts, starting in February 2012. Most of the victims were women in their 70s or 80s, while eldest was a 97-year-old man.
Kamron Taylor, 23, escaped from Jerome Combs Detention Center in Kankakee, Illinois, about 3am Wednesday. He was awaiting sentencing for the June 2013 murder of Nelson Williams Jr, 21. Taylor beat a guard into unconsciousness, took his keys and uniform and sped off in his SUV. Sheriff's officials believe someone may be helping Taylor hide. A $7,500 reward is now being offered for information leading to Taylor's arrest.
Karen Davis was reported by police for flashing her breasts on Google Maps. The 38-year-old was captured streaking by a camera car for the popular app. She handed herself into police voluntarily and was subject to an oral swab test. Law professor Rick Sarre said the swab was unnecessary and should not result in charges or a court appearance. Ms Davis was in tears over the nasty comments coming from her community after she was branded a 'bad mother' and 'pure filth'
Labour leader confessed he cried when he and his wife Justine watched a DVD of the 2014 movie starring Bill Nighy and Imelda Staunton. Mr Miliband was asked about Jeremy Paxman’s description of him as a ‘north London geek’ during his television grilling last week. He said: ‘I plead guilty to being a geek. I’m proud.’
Benjamin Astbury was born 12 weeks early weighing just 1lb 3oz. He suffered five cardiac arrests, two emergency bowel operations and was put into a paralysed state on a ventilator for six days. Doctors said he would not survive and told his parents he was too weak to live. But he has defied the odds and is about to celebrate his first birthday. His mother, Taniya, 36, from Buckley, North Wales, said his survival shows'miracles do happen'
Shadow Cabinet ministers branded the industry leaders as members of the ‘1 per cent’ They signed an open letter backing the Conservative economic plan. Lord Prescott suggested the signatories were ‘tax dodgers, Tory donors and non doms’ Labour's business spokesman suggested that former Diageo boss Paul Walsh should no longer take over as the head of the CBI.
Calfornia Gov. Jerry Brown ordered a 25 percent overall cutback in water use by cities and towns in the golden state on Wednesday. The crackdown comes as California and its nearly 40 million residents move toward a fourth summer of drought with no relief in sight. State reservoirs have a year's worth of water, and with record low snowfall over the winter there won't be much to replenish them.
Cadbury and Lindt remain the most popular household chocolate, but some retailers are going above and beyond. Victorian chocolatier Xocolate have created chocolate masterpieces inspired by renowned artists that look too good to eat. Melbourne-based Gnache Chocolate are selling their enormous chocolate eggs, which weigh in around the 2.2kg mark and cost $132. Sydney's The Grounds of Alexandria created an egg made by filling a chocolate shell with cheesecake and passionfruit.
Two long-time friends from Canada took their two sets of sons on a journey to the original home of Kentucky Fried Chicken in Corbin, Kentucky. The group of six completed the drive in three days crossing two Canadian provinces and five U.S. states. For three of the sons, it was the first time they had tasted KFC.
Tyecka Shanta Evans, a mother of two from Ocala, Florida, was charged with manslaughter in the death of her 3-month-old Taliya Richardson. Evans had left her two children, ages 9 and three months, and her 1-year-old nephew home alone at 1am to go to a club with her sister and the woman's boyfriend.
The 'euthanasia' of strays was legalised by the Romanian parliament in September 2013 to help reduce a massive overpopulation. But a group of former models called the K-9 Angels have rescued hundreds of dogs from the streets where they would be savagely killed. They claim government funds for programmes to neuter the animals were never implemented and the animals were dealt with in the'most cruel way'
Computer scientists in Massachusetts say a person's keystrokes may reveal a huge amount of information about their motor skills. Now they're working on creating a keyboard that can tell doctors if someone has the neuron impairment, simply by analysing the way they type. It can distinguish between typing done in the middle of the night, when sleep deprivation impairs motor skills, and typing performed when fully rested.
Instagram fitness star Ashy Bines is accused of plagiarising food blogger Allie Dodds' recipes. Ms Dodds said she was stunned when a colleague noticed her sushi and cauliflower recipe in Ms Bines' Clean Eating Recipe Book. Ms Bines admitted in a video statement reported overnight that 10 recipes contained within her Clean Eating Diet Plan had been stolen. She said it happened because she 'outsourced' the recipe component to an unnamed nutritionist. Ms Bines did not respond to Daily Mail Australia's questions over whether she was referring to Ms Dodd's recipes.
Olivia Palermo, 28, has designed a Marylebone TechTote. £995 bag comes with built-in phone charger. All profits go to charity ADCAM.
The 45-year-old politician will have the tumor removed on May 11 and hopes to return to work in September, he said on Thursday. He has undergone five rounds of chemotherapy and nearly a month of radiation, which has shrunk the tumor significantly. Ford was diagnosed with malignant liposarcoma - a rare type of soft tissue cancer that begins in fat cells or fatty tissue - last year.
TOWIE star Joey Essex joined Nigel Farage on a boat trip in Grimsby. Essex told reporters the Ukip leader is a'really, really reem guy' Farage quipped: 'I think that's good... I'm not sure' Ukip leader hailed the TV star as an 'icon of youth'
Cassandra Fortin, 17, has an 85 percent chance of survival with Hodgkin's lymphoma. She and her mother, Jackie Fortin, said she didn't want chemo treatments despite the risk of dying without them. The state Supreme Court ruled against Cassandra's claim that she was mature enough to make her own medical decisions.
The sandstorm was the fourth to hit the north-west of the country this year. Visibility was reduced to less than 50 metres in some areas. China's National Meteorological Centre has issued a blue alert.
Handwritten note thanked the pilot for 'taking her home safely' Pilot Jai Dillon posted the note on Twitter, and it went viral. Photo currently has over 3,700 shares and has been favourited almost 3,000 times.
Sherrell Dillion has landed a place in the final of Top Model of Colour. However, the single mother-of-two is currently homeless. She says she has nowhere to live following a mice infestation.
The tatty tarmac car park overlooks the golden sands at Rhossili in South Wales. Visitors to the tip of the Gower peninsula can see the coastline stretch on for miles. The beautiful piece of coastline is a favourite with location scouts and has been the setting for Doctor Who.
Ollie the Owl was snatched from a pub shelf in Nottingham last month. The £7.99 ornament has since jetted off to Benidorm, Belfast and Tunisia. Owners received a ransom letter demanding a donation to charity.
Ethel Rider, 87, fell from her bed at the Half Acre Care Home in Radcliffe. She suffered a broken pelvis and was left 'cowering' in pain on the floor. Carers Susan Logan, 59, and Lauren Gillies, 25, then lied about what had happened. Mrs Rider, who has severe dementia, was unable to tell anyone what had happened.
Ava Ciach, from Geelong in Victoria, suffered from Sagittal Synostosis - a rare condition restricting the growth of her brain. Two plates at the front of her skull had fused together prematurely restricting the growth of her brain. Ava underwent complex surgery in which she had her skull removed, smashed into pieces and put back together like a jigsaw puzzle.
Confectionery giant Nestle has compiled a compendium of images dating back as far as the 1970s. The collection includes eggs by brands like Caramac, Yorkie, Rolo, Toffee Crisp, Aero and Polo. The tradition of Easter eggs can be traced back to the years following the First World War.
Marc Wabafiyebazu, 15, has been arrested for felony murder and his brother Jean, 17, was shot dead after a gunfight erupted on Monday. Their mother is Roxanne Dubé, the recently appointed Canadian Consul General in Miami. The boys had driven to a house with a third friend to purchase two pounds of marijuana for $5,000, and then tried to rob the drug dealers. Gunfire erupted soon after they entered, and Jean and Joshua Wright were killed, while Anthony Rodriguez was wounded.
The Girl In The Spider's Web will be the fourth installment in the best-selling Millennium crime trilogy by Swedish author Stieg Larsson. Book was completed in November by David Lagercrantz based on a plot outline left by Larsson before he died of a heart attack in 2004 aged 50.
The mineral veins were found at a site called 'Garden City' on the slopes of Mount Sharp and stick up from the rock by up to 6cm (2.5 inches) Scientists believe the bizarre ridges formed in Mars' wet past billions of years ago above the now eroded, much softer bedrock. While Curiosity has found brightly coloured veins before, the darker ones remain have stumped scientists.
Father Damian Maria Montes stunned viewers and judges on talent show. He belted out the Robbie Williams 1997 ballad while donning his priest's collar. The audience whooped with delight as he launched himself into the chorus.
Fighters from 100 nations have joined militant groups such as Al Qaeda and Islamic State, according to research by the United Nations. The number of foreign fighters worldwide soared by a staggering 71 per cent between the middle of 2014 and March 2015. Syria and Iraq were by far the biggest destinations, with over 20,000 foreign fighters travelling to the region to fight for mainly IS but also the Al-Nusra Front.
In a new tutorial Promise Tamang turns herself into Maleficent. The mother-of-six has previously transformed herself into Elsa from Frozen. She's also transformed herself into the likes of Drake and Johnny Depp.
The perfect pillow is the key to a good night's sleep. On average, we rest our weary heads on our pillows for 2,500 hours a year. From water pillows to scented ones, FEMAIL tested the best.
Reading University researcher has said that bees prefer cities to fields. The expansion of farmland has actually been damaging to bee population, according to the researcher. Wildlife sites in four English counties saw bee species decrease. Dr Deepa Senapathi believes intensive agriculture is to blame.
Mark Dawe, head of the OCR exam board, said pupils would only have a short time to use the search engine during tests. He compared it to using a calculator in a maths exam. Today Chris McGovern, chairman of the Campaign for Real Education, said the idea would lead to a 'dumbing down of standards'
Tom Ballard plans to climb K2, 20 years after his mother died descending from its peak. Alison Hargreaves, 32, was swept to her death in 260mph winds on her descent from the Himalayan mountain in 1995. Last month Mr Ballard became the first to solo climb all six of the great north faces of the Alps in the winter season.
Robin Rinaldi demanded an open marriage from her husband, Scott after he had a vasectomy. She's now written a graphic, tell-all memoir about that year and its messy fallout. During the week, Rinaldi lives in a rented studio, free to have as much casual sex as she likes.
Lotatoa 'Lota' Ward was diagnosed with a malignant brain tumor back in October. The eight-year-old underwent his fourth round of surgery on April 1.
Four Roma men and women appeared in a Marseille court today. They are accused of human trafficking and being involved in similar sales. Six others are facing related charges in what is described as 'two thousands piece puzzle built around four births' They deny the charges, saying the babies were 'a gift'
Prince Harry will arrive in Australia next Monday ahead of his four-week stint with the Australian Defence Force. The prince will spend time with elite diggers in Darwin, Perth and Sydney. He will also be allowed to spend time off-base, meaning Harry will have plenty of time for handshakes with his fans.
Vijay Chokal-Ingam claims that he posed as a black man while he applied to medical schools in 1998 because he believed he had a better chance of gaining acceptance. 'My sister Mindy Kaling (Vera Mindy Chokalingam), of the Mindy Project and Is Everyone Hanging Out Without Me?, strongly disapproves of my book,' he said. 'She actually said, "This book will bring shame on our family". Still, they respect my right to make my own decisions with my career,' he added.
Typhoon Maysak was initially a top-rated category 5 typhoon. But it has now been upgraded to a super typhoon with winds of 150mph. As it moved over the Pacific Ocean, the storm generated winds of more than 140mph. It is expected to weaken once it hits the central or northern parts of the main Philippine island of Luzon.
Kim Sears was spotted working on her wedding tan in Miami on Tuesday. The 27-year-old showcased a golden glow watching Andy Murray play. The couple will tie the knot at Dunblane Cathedral on April 11.
Shahnawaz, 40, was returning home from a family function when the shocking attack occurred. He was beaten to death with iron rods by a group of men. His two children ran to the nearest barricade where two policemen were standing and begged them to help their father. The children then ran to their grandmother's house nearby and said: 'Abu kir la bahadai gayi hai kuch logo ke saath (Dad is involved in a fight outside with some people)'
Justus Howell, 17, was shot twice in the back by police in Zion, Illinois. Officers fired one bullet into his heart and another through his shoulder. Police responding to reports of 'an argument' chased Justus down the street. He was pronounced dead at the scene. Toxicology results are pending.
Scientists say older people are more susceptible to emotions when making decisions over their retirement. Experts in America found 50% of pensioners panicked and sold investments during financial crisis. Research shows those who did follow that path would only have £63,000 today. Comes days before retirees in Britain are given the power to decide how to spend their life savings.
Charlotte Roach almost died in a car crash in 2010. She was left with punctured lungs, 12 fractured vertebrae, broken ribs and a broken collarbone. The 26-year-old gave up ordinary clothes for Lent to raise money for the Air Ambulance. She and her business partner dressed up in fancy dress for every day.
The emails that resulted in the firings of two police officers and a court clerk in the city of Ferguson, Missouri were released on Thursday. In the other emails President Obama is labelled a monkey, welfare recipients are described as 'lazy' and unable to speak English before being compared to dogs and black individuals are First Lady Michelle Obama is called a tribeswoman. Analysis of more than 35,000 pages of police records in Ferguson last month found racist comments from officers as well as statistics that showed African-Americans make stuff.
Italian photographer Giovanna Griffo captured the Aurora Borealis in Iceland in March. The 42-year-old was lucky enough to be blown away by what is said to have been the strongest geomagnetic storm in the current solar cycle. The Aurora Borealis was even more remarkable than usual and Griffo was in Iceland to capture them in all their glory.
Father of one of three teenagers arrested in Turkey on suspicion of trying to join Islamic State fighters in Syria works for the Ministry of Defence. Believed he works in the military's post office, where he could have access to the names and address of all military personnel at home and overseas. He has been put on compassionate leave from his post, after the MoD considered suspending him, a source has said.
Sterling has fallen nearly five per cent against the US dollar in past five weeks. A badly hung parliament with neither major party able to form a stable government would be likely to send pound plummeting by a further ten per cent. Sell-off could accelerate and spread to the stock and bond markets.
The RV Flip has been used by the US Office for Naval Research for more than 50 years. The reason behind the flip is that with 300 feet below the surface, the vessel becomes incredibly stable. Once the vessel is towed to its location it 'flips' within 20 minutes by pumping water into several ballast tanks.
Lishan Wang is charged with murder in the shooting of Yale University doctor Vajinder Toor in April 2010. He was originally ruled incompetent in 2010, but was restored to competency after being treated at Connecticut Valley Hospital. A court report submitted last month said Wang displayed 'paranoid thinking' and was 'guarded and suspicious' when discussing a relationship with court-appointed lawyers.
Egg-shaped device was created by developers at Open Garden. It acts like a beacon to help messages move around wireless mesh networks. These so-called wireless mesh networks use Bluetooth or Wi-Fi Direct. It takes advantage of a feature that launched in Apple’s iOS 7 called Multipeer Connectivity Framework (MCF) This creates a localised network in which each phone becomes a 'node' Messages are sent securely and data is passed between nodes. Greenstone is still under development and only currently works with FireChat.
Kristen Bieniewicz of Westland is suing Bassel Saad, along with another man who controlled the team and the soccer league. Saad, 37, was recently sentenced to at least eight years in prison after pleading guilty to involuntary manslaughter.
The app was designed by researchers at Boston-based MIT. Each of the four buttons on the app trigger a standard call to nearby dispatchers. Each call is placed with the phone's GPS location, user details and any pre-entered medical information. If the user doesn't have signal on their network, the app lets them 'roam' onto another network to connect the call. RapidSOS will begin testing the software in Texas next month and has launched a Kickstarter campaign to launch the app globally.
Prince Harry is headed for his final tour of duty in the elite SAS headquarters in Perth, Western Australia. One of the soldiers who claims to have shot the Taliban warlord who was intent on killing the royal heir works as a training commander. Corporal Mark Donaldson is one of the very few to have been awarded the nation's highest military honour, the Victoria Cross, for his bravery in Afghanistan. Prince Harry will arrive in Australia next Monday to kick off his final tour of duty.
Student Caleb Benn has developed a $4.99 (£3.24) app for iOS devices. Called 'Uploader for Instagram', it allows users to upload photos directly from their computer rather than using only their smartphone. An engineer from Facebook, which owns Instagram, sent Benn an email last week claiming the app violated the company's terms of service. Benn said doing this would make the app would be pointless.
New York-based writer Danielle Page asked every cabbie she came across to dispense their best piece of relationship advice. The drivers, many of whom are married themselves, revealed their personal tips, life lessons and cultural anecdotes all in the name of love.
Peter and Jean Tarsey, both 77, found shot dead in their home on Sunday. Couple were found in each other's arms covered in a green raincoat. Killer or killers threw the couple's computer into the swimming pool. Mr Tarsey was shot in the back of the neck while Mrs Tarsey was shot in the face.
The fire was started in the Mojave Narrows Park between Apple Valley and Victorville in California. Park officials started the controlled burn on Tuesday to clear the area of highly flammable cattails. A shift in the wind caused the fire to spread and threatened several homes. One shed and one car were destroyed in the blaze which required 200 firefighters, four aircraft and a pair of bulldozers.
Alan Spencer, 67, was tucking into his dinner when the pickled onion blocked his windpipe. He frantically tried to clear his throat, and after three minutes made his way to the door in a bid to get help from a passer-by. But he collapsed in his hallway and felt his life'slipping away' as he began to black out. Thankfully 18-month-old Lexi leaped into action and jumped on to the centre of Alan’s back, dislodging the onion and saving her owner's life.
Current and former female CIA agents spoke out to the New York Times on Sunday to renounce depictions of female spies on TV shows and in movies. The group of women say they are nothing like the honey-pots on these shows who use their sexuality to ensnare terrorists and drown PTSD with booze and pills. One of the fictional CIA agents currently on screen is Charlie Tucker on NBC's State of Affairs, played by Katherine Heigl.
Photographer Seth Casteel's unique pictures of dogs swimming underwater managed to captivate an international audience. Casteel has found a remarkable new way to capture images of toddlers at their most playful and pure as they dive down into the deep during their first swimming lesson. The pictures for his new book, Underwater Babies, reveal adorable babies as they explore the underwater world. Kids between one and four have the highest rates of drowning in the nation.
Mike Holpin, 56, of Ebbw Vale, South Wales, has three £450 PS4 consoles. He says 16 of his 40 children have been taken into care by social services. But alcoholic says: 'I'll never stop - I'm as fertile as sin' His brother David says Holpin's behaviour has brought'shame' on family.
Darcy Atkinson, two, died of brain injuries in December 2012. He was covered in bruises and had traces of the stimulant Ritalin in his system when he died. The toddler had been in the care of his mother's boyfriend Adam Taylor when he was rushed to Gosford Hospital. He was airlifted to Sydney's Westmead Children's Hospital after throwing up three times and going rigid in the bath. At the second day of a coronial inquest into the toddler's death, intensive care unit clinical consultant Dr Barry Wilkins said it was not possible the head injuries the toddler suffered came from
Italian Glamour: The Essence of Italian Fashion, From the Postwar Years to the Present Day. Co-authored by Enrico Quinto and Paolo Tinarelli - the men who introduced the concept of vintage style in Italy. Book focuses on the humble beginnings of some of the world's biggest Italian brands.
A woman has emerged from a Melbourne restaurant where she was held hostage for more than seven hours. Victoria Police arrested 35-year-old Abijath Desikan following the siege. Mr Desikan was charged with one count of armed robbery, false imprisonment and assault with a weapon.
Body believed to be that of Anna Ragin, who died 15 years ago aged 101. Her daughter Carolyn, 65, lived in the house in Richmond, San Francisco. House said to have been crawling with rats, spiders and dog feces.
The Facebook page of the so-called Disciples of the New Dawn has sparked an internet firestorm as thousands of mothers share, and comment on, the group's anti-cesarean memes. The religious community is using the images to encourage fellow Christians to shame 'lazy' and 'negligent' mothers who have elected to undergo C-sections.
Ukip support slump from 16.75 per cent in November to just 12.25 per cent. Voters appear to switch to the Tories in the run up to the General Election. Ukip leader says he expects to recover momentum in the run-up to election.
Michael Brelo goes on trial on Monday charged with two counts of voluntary manslaughter for the deaths of Timothy Russell, 43, and Malissa Williams, 30. He is the lone officer among the 13 who fired their weapons that night who is charged criminally because prosecutors say he stood on the hood and opened fire four seconds after the other officers had stopped shooting. A rookie cop told the same investigators Brelo spoke with that the 31-year-old Cleveland officer talked about it in the days after the November 2012 shooting. Brelo's footprints were also found on the hood of the beat-up Chevy Malibu where Russell, 43
Alexis Tsipras met the Russian President in Moscow yesterday. Pair agreed a package of investment in energy and other projects. But Mr Tsipras insisted he had not asked for – or received – financial aid. He said Greece is a'sovereign nation' and 'not a debt colony'
Ring, located 12 billion light years away, is an illusion created by the chance alignment of two distant galaxies. The striking circular structure is a rare manifestation of gravitational lensing predicted by Albert Einstein in his theory of general relativity.
The couple, known only as Jamie and Dawn, were appearing on The Jeremy Kyle Show. Jamie refused to take a lie detector test on the advice of the show's host. When he got down on one knee, his girlfriend threw the ring back in his face. Dawn then stormed off, screeching: 'I'm out of here!'
Police have found the car Billy-Anne Huxham was forced into at gunpoint. The 18-year-old was abducted from her Caboolture home at 6am on Tuesday. A machete was allegedly left at the scene of the crime but the man is still armed and dangerous. Detectives are searching for Carl Garry Chapman, 32, who is allegedly the victim's former boyfriend.
Scientists believe the first complex conversation between humans gradually took place around 50,000 to 100,000 years ago. Much of it involved cavemen grunting, or hunter-gatherers mumbling and pointing, before learning to speak in a detailed way. But in a new study, one linguist argues that human language developed rapidly with people quickly using complex sentences that sound like our own. He says humans combined an 'ive' layer of language with a 'lexical' layer, as seen in monkeys who utter isolated sounds, such as alarm calls.
Kevin Blandford's photo album has gone viral with more than two million views on the website Imgur. The 33-year-old won a free trip to Puerto Rico through his workplace. His wife, Bonnie, was unable to join him because she stayed home to care for their six-month-old daughter.
Unnamed Canadian Pizza Hut employee shared his doctor's sicknote online. It was posted by a friend and has been shared thousands of times. In it, the doctor criticises the firm for 'wasting his time' by requiring a note.
SNP leader has said she is prepared to work with Labour to put Mr Miliband in Number 10. But she has refused to work with the Conservatives under any circumstances. SNP projected to win more than 40 seats in Scotland, potentially leaving them holding the balance of power if Labour and the Tories both fall short.
Jean McConville was abducted, murdered and dumped on a beach in 1972. Her remains were discovered by a dog walker on a beach in County Louth. Gerry Adams was arrested by police investigating her murder last year. He has long denied he was even in the IRA and was released without charge. In an interview with CBS this weekend, Mr Adams insisted he did not know about Mrs McConville's killing.
University of Nebraska researcher has revealed why stress is bad for you. Limited periods of stress are good, as they release the hormone cortisol. This is useful in helping you recover from very tense situations. But too much will lower your immune system and make your bones fragile. Dr Raychelle Burks from the University of Nebraska-Lincoln explains this in a video.
Goldfish weighing up to 2kg and Koi carp weighing up to 8kg are invading and destroying WA's waterways. They are among 13 species of fish introduced into the region. The exotic species are also bringing exotic parasites and disease with them. In 2012, the world's biggest ever specimen of a South American cichlid was found in WA.
Animal Liberation Victoria activists broke into Wagner's Poultry Farm in March. They found 'deformed, sick and dying hens, filthy conditions and immensely dangerous working conditions' Activists said they found birds living in terrible conditions. Two weeks earlier government health officials inspected the farm, but gave it the all clear.
Prime Minister issues plea to Ukip voters to 'come back home' to Tories. Warns it is 'not the time to send a message or make a protest' Comes as latest polls put the Conservatives and Labour virtually neck and neck.
Young adults tell it like is on Twitter under the hashtag #realisticYA. Twitter users compare the fantastical lives in books and films to their own. Some look at dangerous scenarios and what would be likely to happen. Others make jokes about how young adults might react to situations in real life.
Kyle Kandrick was suspended from the Maaco auto body shop in Hagerstown, Maryland after Ella May Rudd posted the voicemail for her husband on Facebook. In the voicemail, Kandrick said: 'Hey, Billy, Kyle at Maaco here. I was just personally attacked by your wife on Facebook, and I don't appreciate it at all, pal' Rudd had been dealing with the auto body shop for 'the last two months' while trying to repair a leak on her Hummer H2. She said that the voicemail was in response to a scathing review she had written on the company's Facebook page.
The first phase of Disney's Polynesian Villas & Bungalows has just been unveiled. Overwater suites boast two bedrooms, two bathrooms and a private plunge pool. Each bungalow reportedly sleeps up to eight people and offers a view of both the Magic Kingdom Resort and the lagoon.
London Mayor launches Tory campaign in Mill Hill, North London. He jokes Tories are the party of 'kitchen ownership' while Labour is the party of 'kitchen concealment' He also claims Ukip want to turn the clock back to the 1950s while Greens want a return to'somewhere around the bronze age'
Angela Postle stumbled upon the bizarre spectacle after slicing some oranges she bought from a local supermarket. The mother-of-five sent the fruit of to Queensland Environmental Health Branch for testing, but their first round of scientific tests were to no avail. 'We need answers, this isn't normal or natural. I am not going to feed my kids something like that,' Ms Postle told Daily Mail Australia.
Seven out of 10 FTSE 100 bosses say Miliband would be a 'catastrophe' for UK. Comes after more than 100 business leaders warned of a Labour government. Miliband's 'tone and rhetoric' has proved 'deeply disturbing', one says.
Kira Hollis was diagnosed with borderline personality disorder three years ago. The 27-year-old had battled with depression and body dysmorphia. At just 6st, she was deemed clinically underweight and self-harmed. She was ordered to go to the gym in a bid to gain some weight. Now a healthy 9.5st, she says bodybuilding gave her the confidence to overcome her depression.
Robert Dellinger, 54, was sentenced on Thursday to two four-and-a-half to ten year sentences that are to be served consecutively in the December 2013 deaths of Amanda Murphy, 24, and her fiance, 29-year-old Jason Timmons. Prosecution claimed he deliberately drove his vehicle head-on into the couple's car because he was depressed and wanted to kill himself. During the second day of the sentence hearing, he was given credit for the 15 months he has spent in jail since the crash, which means he could be released in less than eight years.
Prime Minister insists Coalition has spent five years 'trying to lift people up' Church provoked row with ministers by publishing guide to election. It criticised successive governments while calling for 'fresh moral vision'
Dozens of items from the entertainer's estate will go under the hammer in an auction at the Hard Rock Cafe in New York. Jones, best known for his work with the band The Monkees, died of a heart attack in 2012 at the age of 66. Memorabilia includes a pair of record awards certified by the Recording Industry Association of America - one Gold and one Platinum for the album 'Then and Now...The Best of the Monkees'
Steve Tempest-Mitchell, 56, from Bradford, weighed 32st and was a recluse. He decided to have gastric bypass after struggling with Type 2 diabetes. The former bomb disposal expert says he has a new lease of life. He has also seen his waist shrink from 66 inches to 42 inches and chest go down from 66 inches to 48 inches.
A $1.5 million dollar house has been sold for $125,000, after it was put on the market for just one dollar. Real estate agent Tony Keegan said the previous owners were desperate to sell. New owners Donald and Jenny Gibbs said the deal was too good to pass up. The average house-price in Auckland is $766,912, almost seven times more than it was sold for.
Elizabeth Stewart, Cristina Elrich and Jeanann Williams make the top 10. Stewart is a former fashion editor for Women’s Wear Daily and the New York Times. Elrich is responsible for creating a fresh faced glamour look for Aussie beauty Margot Robbie. Williams is Naomi Watts' longtime stylist and used to date her brother Ben.
Ashley Johnston, 28, was killed in Syria during a clash against ISIS in February. He was fighting with the Kurdish People's Protection Units (YPG) His mother did not know that her son was at war until she heard of his death. He is believed to be the first Westerner to die in battle against IS.
The four-day Easter long weekend will be extended by an hour. Clocks will go back an hour at 3am on Sunday. Change affects all states except Queensland, the Northern Territory and Western Australia, where daylight saving is not observed. Clocks will spring forward again on October 4.
Gunman, who has not been identified, was stalking ex-girlfriend. Last week he was escorted off premises after damaging her car. On Friday he was spotted near water slides, where he shot himself. Was said to have been smoking near Despicable Me Minion Mayhem ride. Sheriff's deputies who rushed to scene were unable to restrain him.
The woman and child were stranded in their vehicle in high water around 9:30 a.m. Friday on a rural highway in Lee County. Around 11:30 a.m., the car was swept away and rescue workers lost sight of them. Authorities in Louisville, Kentucky, made more than 100 water rescues early Friday as a severe storm's persistent downpour flooded roads. The National Weather Service says a flash flood warning is in effect Friday morning for north central Kentucky.
More than 50 dead greyhounds have been found dumped in Queensland bushland. At least 55 carcasses were found in the Coonarr area, near Bundaberg, on Tuesday. A joint RSPCA and Queensland Police taskforce is now investigating. Early investigations suggest the dogs were young dogs that were killed as they were too slow. An ABC Four Corners expose from earlier this year sparked widespread outrage after showing racing dogs chasing and mauling live animals.
The big cat was seen at Kruger National Park in South Africa attempting to tackle the hefty mammal. Accompanied by a hunting partner, the lion leaps on to the hippo in a ferocious display of power and tries to take a bite out if its back. But the infant's angry mother charges on to the scene and is too much of a threat for the lion.
Stephanie Fragoso was pulled over in Las Vegas on Wednesday, April Fools' Day. A Nevada Highway Patrol trooper issued a $200 ticket for putting on lip balm. The ticket caused Fragoso to receive points against her driving record.
Stock market returns have averaged 16 per cent a year under the Tories. Just under 9 per cent under Labour and just over 9 per cent under Coalition. Figures are a further boost for David Cameron and George Osborne.
The London West Hollywood hotel is opening its largest suite in Los Angeles. The 11,000 square foot penthouse has two levels and rooftop terrace. Master bedroom suite includes a contemporary king-sized four poster bed.
Superdrug has launched a range of creams with ingredients normally found in teenage spot treatments – as well as those for anti-ageing. A poll of 2,000 women in their 30s, 40s and 50s discovered almost half were still being blighted with blemishes well into adulthood. One in three said they even shy away from talking to people because they are so self-conscious about the state of their skin.
Luke Shambrook, 11, has been missing for two nights in a Victorian national park. He was last seen leaving Candlebark Campground in Fraser National Park near Lake Eildon at 9.30am on Good Friday. He has limited speech and his family says he is probably confused, and he may not even be aware he is lost. Police say conditions are favourable for his survival overnight, with warm temperatures through the day.
A new survey in The Hollywood Reporter asked producers, agents and executives to list those who can command a major opening based on their fan base. Sandra Bullock, Leonardo DiCaprio, Robert Downey Jr., Matt Damon and Chris Evans made the list.
Choupette is a three-year-old Birman cat and the pride, joy, and slightly disturbing obsession, of designer Karl Lagerfeld. Choupette is so famous she has notched up over 100,000 followers on Twitter and Instagram. Her earnings came from just two jobs, one for Japanese cosmetics company Shu Uemura.
Hugo Mbaeri, 25, from Portsmouth allegedly handed over customer names, account details and signatures to a gang of fraudsters. The alleged ringleader of the scheme, Olawabiyi Ayanwale, who is not before the court, set up standing orders by impersonating the victims, it is said. Mbaeri is on trial for fraud by abuse of position and conspiracy to commit fraud at the Old Bailey.
Luc Donckerwolke criticized Ford's new Lincoln Continental on Facebook. He called model that was unveiled this week at New York auto show a 'copy' Donckerwolke apparently thought the new Lincoln Continental shared too many similarities with the Bentley Flying Spur.
China is creating a 'great wall of sand' in the South China Sea, the US Navy has said. The latest huge land mass is 1.5 square miles (four square kilometres) in size and was created by dumping sand on live coral reefs. Five islands have already been made, with two more in development. China has supposedly been carrying out the land reclamation in order to build airstrips and other structures in the region.
Erica Ann Ginneti, 35, a married mother of three from Philadelphia, pleaded guilty in December to institutional sexual assault and disseminating sexually explicit materials to a minor. The former math and calculus teacher at Lower Moreland Township School District had been facing seven to 14 years in prison. She also faces three years’ probation, 100 hours of community service and will have to register as a sex offender for the next 25 years. In court Friday, Mrs Ginneti wept as she read a letter of apology in hopes of offering the victim 'closure for this nightmare'
Labour attempted to rebuff a letter from 100 business leaders. They called for a Labour government signed by people 'from all walks of life' But within hours the plan was in chaos as it was found the signatories included a benefit fraudster, trade unionists and the cigar-letting children of millionaires. One of the signatories identified herself as someone who had ‘worked on [a] zero hours contract’, but Labour removed her name yesterday.
Mercury set to rise steadily until Friday, when southern parts of England are forecast to hit 21C (70F) or higher. Rome expected to peak at 16C (61F), Athens at 16C (61F) and Marseille at 18C (65F) It comes after washout weather of last week gave way to spectacular Easter weekend. Temperatures hit 20.7C (69F) in Aboyne, Aberdeenshire on Sunday and 19.5C (67F) in Astwood Bank, Worcestershire on Monday.
Derek Lowe, 38, and Tina Lowe, 33, were hit shortly before 10am on Sunday. Train No. 80, the Carolinian, was headed from Charlotte to New York City. Accident occurred on property owned by Norfolk-Southern. Authorities say none of the 166 passengers on the train were injured.
Around 75 people were inside the Korean Union United Methodist Church in Rahway when the ceiling collapsed. Thirteen people had minor injuries while one woman was sent to the trauma center at University Hospital with a serious but non-life threatening head injury. The parishioners were from the Manantial de Vida Pentecostal congregation, which rents out the church space.
Cody Neatis, eight, has Down's syndrome, epilepsy, autism and is tube fed. He was admitted to Royal Preston Hospital with a chest infection last week. But he has been left to sleep on a mattress on the hospital floor instead of a bed. His mother, Lynne, 48, has had to sleep with her son on the mattress. She fears he will injure himself or pull out his oxygen in the night. The hospital does not have a specialist high-sided cot he must sleep in.
'Hoosier hospitality had to be restored,' Indiana Senate President Pro Tem David Long said this morning at a press conference. The Arkansas legislature was also poised to pass changes to its legislation after the state's Republican Governor Asa Hutchinson rejected its bill at the last minute on Wednesday. The two, GOP-controlled states were in a frenzy to quell national outrage over legislation meant to satisfy evangelicals. The moves had the direct effect of upsetting gay and lesbian individuals, however, and incited massive protests.
More than 127,000 people have signed a petition calling for Robert Clark to be allowed to stay in his house. The 96-year-old is registered blind, deaf in one ear and is dependent on a wheelchair. He has used his £50,000 savings to pay for a £960-a-week live-in carer. Brent Council is refusing to increase its funding and Mr Clark may have to go into a care home instead.
Martin Vargic used satellite data to estimate how the constellations will change. Results suggest that many of the most distinctive constellations will become unrecognisable in the future. The Big Dipper will change from looking like a plough to something that looks more like duck, while the proud form of Leo will mutate into an unrecognisable shape.
Amateur photographer Hernando Rivera Cervantes captured the lightning bolts as the Colima volcano in Mexico erupted. He spent eight hours watching the volcano spew out a plume of ash and lava before snapping the rare picture. Lightning bolts are thought to occur due to the build up of electric charge in the ash cloud as the particles rub against each other. Mr Cervantes said: 'When the lightning arrived it was magical. An unforgettable experience'
Many Christian schools give priority to families who regularly attend services. But clergymen say affluent parents are more likely to cheat the system. Alliance of Left-leaning clergy and laypeople called for end to religious selection.
In 2020 ESA's Asteroid Impact Mission will head to the paired Didymos asteroids, which will come a comparatively close 11 million km to Earth in 2022. In late the NASA-led part of Asteroid Impact & Deflection Assessment mission will arrive - then crash straight into the asteroid moon at about 6 km/s.
Incident occurred at Aqua Vale Swimming Pool in Aylesbury, Buckinghamshire. A 19-year-old woman was changing in a cubicle when she noticed a man. She had kicked him and he then disappeared, captured on CCTV. Police are appealing for anyone who recognises the man to contact them.
China's appetite for endangered wildlife is the main catalyst behind the world's third-largest illicit trade. Traditional Chinese Medicine lists curative qualities in thousands of rare and exotic animals, such as the Sumatran Tiger. The pursuit of these traditions is the driving force behind the $20 billion (£13bn) illegal wildlife network.
Liquid called Shear-Thickening Fluid (STF) hardens on impact at any temperature. provides protection from penetration by high-speed projectiles and additionally dispersing energy over a larger area.
Paul Childs is the second Liberal Democrat parliamentary candidate to reveal he is HIV positive. The air steward said he burst into tears when he was diagnosed in 2011. The 34-year-old said he was infuriated by Nigel Farage's'scaremongering' Mr Childs is the second Lib Dem candidate to reveal he is HIV positive. Adrian Hyyrylainen-Trett, who is running for the party in Vauxhall, London, said he caught virus intentionally as he embarked on path of self 'annihilation'
Hayley Okines suffered from the rare disease progeria which ages the body at eight times the normal rate. Hayley became well-known three years ago when she was part of a documentary about her premature ageing condition. Last night her mother Kerry posted on Facebook: 'My baby girl has gone somewhere better. She took her last breath in my arms at 9.39pm x'
The 23-year-old driver and his two adult passengers managed to escape unharmed. The car spun out of control before mounting the kerb, smashing through a colourbond fence and landing in the pool. A crane was required to remove the fully submerged car from the pool. Police are appealing for the taxi driver involved in the bungle to come forward.
Dr Lara Briden is a naturopathic doctor with nearly 20 years experience. She says that premenstrual syndrome (PMS) is common, but not inevitable. Symptoms include irritability, cravings, fatigue and mood swings. Dr Briden suggests adapting an anti-inflammatory diet to banish PMS.
Anthony Clark Reed was driving around Detroit, Michigan, on Monday night when he was pulled over. The 24-year-old was handcuffed, despite complaining he had trouble breathing, before suffering a fatal heart attack. His father, pastor Kevin Clark, claimed his son had been 'driving erratically' because he was having trouble breathing. He is planning to sue police for their role in his son's death.
Pupils at Riverview Junior School in Gravesend, Kent, banned from running. They were told they could not move around too quickly because they might bump their heads. Parents say children need to 'let off steam' during their breaks.
Sensors at Argentina's Esperanza Base on the northern tip of the Antarctic Peninsula recorded a temperature of 17.5C (63.5F) last week. This is potentially a new record for the warmest temperature measured on the frozen continent. The previous hottest temperature recorded in Antarctica was in April 24 1961 when the temperature reached 17.1C (62.8F) However, the heatwave on the coldest continent on Earth has still to be officially certified by the World Meteorological Organisation.
Brian Gemmell said spy chiefs ordered him to'stop digging' when he reported possible paedophile ring at Northern Ireland children's' home. He spoke out during meeting with victim Richard Kerr, who claimed he was trafficked from Kincora before being molested by powerful figures. MI5 has faced allegations of covering up child abuse to gather intelligence on Loyalist politicians during the Troubles.
Julie Merner, 39, has been admitted to hospital 13 times in the last six years. The mother-of-three has been left with 'luminous' jaundiced skin. Not a drop of alcohol has passed Ms Merner's lips since January. Taxpayers pay up £3.5 billion a year to treat alcohol-related problems. In the last 20 years, the number of alcohol-related deaths has doubled.
A 71-year-old man and 64-year-old woman were charged with unlawfully possessing a firearm after a police search found a rifle and ammunition in a home in Bundaberg on Thursday. The couple, both from Bundaberg, will appear in the Bundaberg Magistrates Court on Friday. The shocking photos show the bodies and burnt out skeletons of the greyhounds. Their carcasses lie in thick bush grass and some are still covered in dark brown fur with gun shot wounds clearly visible.
Dylan Miller, a senior at Juniata College in Huntingdon, Pennsylvania, decided to live in a hut deep in the woods for his senior project on simple living. Miller, 21, built the hut out of fallen trees, leaves, rope and a tarp. There is no plumbing or electricity in the structure, which is about a half-hour walk from campus. Miller has used a journal to document his lifestyle and thoughts throughout his time in the huts.
Sydney’s dwelling values rose by 5.8 per cent in the last quarter bringing the average median house price to $690,000. Canberra surprisingly performed second best to Sydney over the quarter with a 4.1 per cent increase in dwelling values leading to a $530,000 median house price. The median house price across the combined capital cities is now $530,000, with Sydney being the only city to surpass the figure with a median of $690,000.
Two teenagers from Dewsbury, West Yorkshire, feared to have fled to Syria. One of the boys is believed to be a relative of Hammaad Munshi. Munshi was found guilty of terror offences at the age of 18 in 2008. He was recruited by a leading 'cyber terrorist' who radicalised impressionable Muslims and encouraged them to attend military camps in Pakistan.
More than 90 million Easter eggs are consumed in Britain every year. But this year traditional eggs have undergone a dramatic makeover. From Marmite to an egg made from 300g of Cheddar. FEMAIL takes a look at the most bonkers eggs in Britain.
LED screens can harm the retina - the light-sensitive layer at the back of the eye. In extreme cases, it may even lead to macular degeneration, which causes dark patches to appear in the centre of the field of vision. Damage starts when the photoreceptors - types of neurone found in the retina that convert light into information - begin to die out due to the prolonged saturation of blue light. This puts strain on other parts of the eye, leading to increasing levels of inflammation, discomfort and pain. The problem can be remedied by using special screen filters or glasses designed to block blue light, which are available
Britain struck oil in the Falklands yesterday, a discovery likely to escalate already heightened tensions with Argentina over the islands. After nine months of drilling, a group of British companies found oil and gas in a remote field north of the islands. The bonanza, which could be worth billions of pounds, will add to fears of renewed conflict over British overseas territory. Discovery at Zebedee exploratory well comes amid worsening relations with Buenos Aires, exactly 33 years after Argentina invaded the islands.
Liz Smith is spilling celebrity secrets that she never printed over the course of her 70 year career. Smith claims IAC chairman Barry Diller asked her in 1992: 'Do you think I should come out?' but that he 'worships' his wife Diane Von Furstenberg. Barbara Walters lost interest in Smith when her newspaper column at the New York Post was cut.
Kyle Patrick Loughlin was arrested on Tuesday night after reportedly admitting that he'd molested two boys aged between four and five. Police searched Loughlin's dorm room where they found more than 100 pairs of children's underwear and diapers. The student allegedly said that he started feeling an attraction to young boys as a teenager and he sometimes wrote'sexually charged fantasy stories'
The Dalny Vostok sank in the Sea of Okhotsk at 4am local time on Thursday. So far 63 people have been rescued, with survivors suffering from hypothermia and other injuries being airlifted to hospital. At the latest count there are 13 people still missing. Early reports say the trawler sank in 15 minutes when its engine room was flooded.
Professional wrestler Robert Abercrombie filmed himself pulling out son's tooth. Video shows him climbing into Chevy Camero and yanking out James's front tooth. Mr Abercrombie's son had been asking him for DIY removal for days.
Duncan Hodgetts, 25, fell from 14th floor window of Executive Plaza. He was found on third-floor balcony of nearby Michelangelo Hotel at 8.30am. NYPD spokesman said they were treating his death as suicide. Mr Hodgetts, from Birmingham, worked for accountancy firm Ernst and Young.
Hakeem Kuta, 17, was on life support and passed away Saturday morning. Police were responding to complaints of a group smoking marijuana. Kuta and his 14-year-old companion were pinned in by dividing wall. Kuta jumped over a three-foot high wall before he fell six stories.
motoring show took up first, second, third and fifth spots in top five. Viewership figures come a week after presenter Jeremy Clarkson was sacked. Four episodes in February were watched a total of 9,047,000 times.
Keonna Thomas was arrested Friday on charges she tried to join and martyr herself for the Islamic State group. Thomas' home, which had been under surveillance by FBI for the past week, had American flags lined up outside. She also actively spoke of her desires on a Twitter account that has since been removed.
Identical twins Marcus and Markieff Morris, who both play for the Phoenix Suns, are now the focus of an investigation into a felony aggravated assault. Erik Hood, 36, told police he knew the twins from when he mentored them while they were growing up in Philadelphia and that he used to support them financially until they had a 'falling out' Hood told police he sent a text telling the twins' mother, Thomasine Morris, he'd 'always be there for her' and that another friend, Julius Kane, 25, saw the message and concluded their relationship was sexual in nature. Hood ended up with abrasion
Medieval Hay Castle is at risk of falling victim to an infestation of beetles. The insects are burrowing in to the timber frames of the 800-year-old building. The damage is caused by their larvae, which burrow inside the wood.
Brandon Afoa, 33, of Puyallup, Washington, was operating a tug to push aircraft at Seattle-Tacoma International Airport when the brakes and steering failed. The incident, which took place at 2am on December 26, 2007, left Afoa unable to use his legs or right arm. Much of his intestinal tract also had to be removed by surgeons. Afoa went on to sue Port of Seattle - which owns and operates the Sea-Tac airport - saying that the company failed to maintain a safe workplace. On Tuesday a King County jury awarded Afoa $40 million because of what the incident has done to his life
Baby Malakai has been alive for seven months and he's never left the hospital. The newborn cannot see, cannot hear and struggles to breath. He was diagnosed with a rare medical condition known as Pallister Killian Syndrome (PKS) His mother Stacy Maitai had to give up her job in Perth in order to provide full-time care for her son. Without an income, Ms Maitai has been forced to survive on welfare funding of $90 a week to support her baby and her seven-year-old daughter. The 28-year-old is not eligible for further financial assistance from Centrelink as she
Keith Cameron scammed his friend and terminally ill neighbour out of £476,864. The 54-year-old promised Jonathan Speirs a £2million return on his investment. But it was all an elaborate lie and Mr Speirs died of stomach cancer in 2012. Cameron was today jailed for five years at Edinburgh Sheriff Court.
Mark Doggett has trained his two animals to sniff out the destructive fungus. After six months of training, four-year-old border collie Meg and 22-month-old English springer spaniel Jess went to work. When they find dry rot they stop, stare at it and point with their nose.
Thousands of bacteria colonies were discovered on banknotes and coins chosen at random from scientists’ pockets. Money was collected from students at the University of Surrey. It was submerged in a substance that allows bacteria to grow quickly. Students found thousands of bacteria colonies living on their money. Most of the bacteria found on the coins studied was harmless. But money has been known to carry dangerous diseases such as MRSA.
Prosecutors say Robert Dellinger told investigators he was trying to kill himself in December 2013 when he drove his pickup truck across an Interstate 89 median. He smashed into an SUV carrying 24-year-old Amanda Murphy, who was 8 months pregnant, and her fiance, 29-year-old Jason Timmons. Relatives of Murphy and Timmons tore into Dellinger during the first of the two-day sentencing hearing. 'How could you be so heartless? You still have a family; you have taken mine from me,' said Timmons' mother. Dellinger broke down in tears at the
Our coastline of 10,800 miles is longer than India’s. Many people in the U.S., Russia or China never see the sea in their lives. But most of us are saturated with it in childhood. Popular television series explore it, gliding over the cliffs by helicopter as if in a dream.
A couple from Texas who celebrated their wedding in 2012 claim their photographer wrote hurtful racial slurs on the bottom of photo booth snapshots. The couple, who does not wish to be identified, hired attorney Cathy Hale to sue James Evans the owner of Premiere Photos. The couple wasn't alerted of the photos until many months after the celebration when the bride's sister told the family about the racist incident at the photo booth the couple rented for the party.
Gangs of up to six follow wealthy shoppers in the West End. They then steal their cash and belongings, according to police. In one example two Chilean women wearing burkas were stopped. A bag they were carrying contained 130,000 and £20,000.
Gareth Shoulder mocked David Cameron over his disabled son Ivan. The 24-year-old has been recruited by the BBC to comment on Election. He used his ‘@bbcgen2015’ Twitter page to make disparaging remark. Ivan died aged six in 2009 after being born with cerebral palsy and epilepsy.
Williams was suspended for six months in February after he admitted he had lied about being on a helicopter that came under fire in Iraq in 2003. A new report has claimed that Williams started embellishing his stories because he felt insecure about Brokaw, whom he succeeded at Nightly News in 2004. On one occasion, Williams implied they had both been in Berlin together on the day the wall fell in 1989 - but he actually joined the veteran newscaster there the following day. Brokaw reportedly came 'incensed' when he heard the stories.
World Health Organisation recommends 50g of sugar a day. Creme egg contains 177 calories, seven teaspoons of sugar. Kit Kat Chunky Easter egg contains 24 teaspoons of sugar.
Cryos International, the 'world's largest sperm bank', is moving from New York to Orlando. Move is in order to tap into 'the abundant donor opportunities' in the region. Company supplies sperm to all 50 U.S. states and 80 countries across the world.
Zaur Dadaev is accused of being involved in Boris Nemstov's murder. He retracted his confession to the killing last month saying he was tortured. Now he has told a court he was abducted and beaten into confessing. Nemstov was shot in the back four times on a bridge in Moscow in February.
The bust was spearheaded by one male narcotics officer, who posed as a high school senior between August 2014 and March 2015. On top of the six arrests, an amount of cocaine, marijuana and prescription drugs Xanax and Tramadol was also seized in the bust. Police have not released any further information on the undercover officer or his age, but say it is not the first time they have performed something like this. 'School is not a place that you should come in and try to sell your drugs, or come in and buy drugs, you go there to be educated,' Sgt. James Brawner of the Braz
Labour leader said he will 'abolish' the 200-year-old rule for non-doms. He claimed it makes Britain an 'offshore tax haven for a few' Mr Miliband argues that non-dom tests 'are not very rigorous' Shadow chancellor Ed Balls warned it would cost Britain money.
Felix the two-year-old tabby has been missing for almost a week. He disappeared following a 14-hour flight from Abu Dhabi to New York. His crate was tied down to a large metal pallet and cracked open.
Nasa has selected 12 companies to work on projects to create advanced space technologies. One of the companies in the 12 Next Space Technologies for Exploration Partnerships (NextStep) says they have an engine that could get humans to Mars in just 39 days. The Vasimr engine - which uses plasma as a propellant - is being developed by the Ad Astra Rocket company in Texas. Over three years, Nasa will give the company about £6.8 million ($10 million) to get the engine almost ready to fly in space.
The film has also established a new high-water mark for the month of. April, blowing past the $95 million debut of Captain America:. The Winter Soldier. It now stands as the highest-grossing opening for any film in the Fast and Furious franchise.
Scottish voters would rather have a referendum on the EU than another vote. Idea of another referendum ranked 19th on a list of 23 policies. Comes after Scottish First Minister refused to rule out a second vote.
Katy Cavanagh, who played Julie Carp on the soap, was given a ticking off. Bosses were said to be disgruntled that she was lending her voice to a rival station. Pressure from fellow actors is said to have caused bosses to relent.
Sockeye salmon were hunting in the Brooks River in the Katmai National Park, in southern Alaska. The creatures migrate up rivers during the spring in order to reach the breeding grounds where they were born. Once they reach the breeding grounds, they will mate, before perishing shortly afterwards.
Misao Okawa of Japan died of heart failure on April 1 aged 117. Great-grandmother had celebrated her 117th birthday on March 5. She was only fifth person ever recorded to have reached the age of 117, but was still walking until she was 110.
Katie still checks her husband's phone and makes him tell her when she's out. She fears his obsession with his looks could feed into his sex addiction. Katie decided to forgive Kieran after he cheated on her with two of her friends. But relationship expert Tracey Cox says it can be hard to move on.
Zhou Qunfei, 45, has been named China's richest woman. Her company supplies protective window glass used in Apple devices. She was born into extreme poverty in a village in rural China. Her mother died when she was five, and her father was nearly blinded. But she was encouraged to study hard and left home to work in glass factory. Fed up with monotonous job, she handed in her resignation after three months. Bosses promoted her to head up department after impressed by letter.
Seals are being killed in Scotland and northern England to protect fish stocks. Farmers say seals threaten salmon and wild fish which are kept for sport. Campaigners say cubs are left to fend for themselves when their mothers are killed.
Kevin Franklin will switch on his Christmas lights for Autism Awareness Month. The 53-year-old kept them up after Christmas ahead of autism week. He planned to take them down next month, but will keep them up 'out of principle' Mr Franklin's son Bradley, 15, is autistic and wants to raise awareness.
Deputy Prime Minister trailing Labour by two points in Sheffield Hallam. Lib Dem won seat by a huge margin in 2010 with more than 50% of vote. Aides said he would be out knocking doors on Friday, Saturday and Sunday. Poll shows 36% of voters now planning to vote for Labour's Oliver Coppard.
Colombian-born Manuela Arbelaez's mind was clearly somewhere else when she removed the wrong price tag during Thursday's show. The model and host Drew Carey both gasped after she revealed the true price of the Hyundai Sonata SE before Andrea had finished guessing. She described how after the blunder she broke down in tears and 'wanted to go in a wormhole and disappear' Despite the blunder, the Colombian said the producers and host were'supportive and understanding'
Joshua Smith fell from cliff at Spittal Point, Berwick-upon-Tweed. Coastguard, police, paramedics, firefighters and RAF rescue helicopter scrambled. Teenager was plucked from water and flown to hospital, where he later died. Police say death is not being treated as suspicious, but referred it to IPCC.
Jeremy Clarkson is a green campaigner, according to April Fool's reports. The Leaning Tower of Pisa is to become a luxury hotel, it was claimed. Tesco is set to introduce trampoline aisles and Leicester University is named after Richard III. But the Mail made up its story about safari park cars being covered in bubble wrap.
Plan was revealed in an email sent out to YouTube Partners. Will offer consumers the choice to pay for an 'ads-free' version of YouTube for a monthly fee. Sources told Bloomberg the offering is expected to go live this year.
The emails show the very active role that Cylvia Hayes, Kitzhaber's longtime companion, played in his administration. Hayes routinely attended meetings, was copied on emails among senior staff and requested information or clerical assistance from state employees. Kitzhaber resigned in February, saying the influence-peddling allegations surrounding Hayes had become too much of a distraction.
Marian Carole Rees was 13 when she disappeared from southern Sydney in early April 1975. The teenager had said goodbye to her brother on the morning she disappeared. Magistrate Sharon Freund said the disappearance did not appear suspicious and there was no evidence suggesting suicide. The case has been referred back to the Missing Person's Unit for further investigation.
Pigwig the prize porker had fallen into the pool in Ringwood, Hampshire. Two fire crews had to use slide boards and strops to haul the animal out. Firefighters were also called out to rescue a horse which fell into a pool in West Sussex.
Southampton beat Blackburn in the Premier League U21 Cup final. The two-legged tie ended 1-1 after 180 minutes at St Mary's. Ryan Seager had put the hosts ahead with a tidy finish. But Matt Targett turned the ball into his own net to level the game. Sam Gallagher scored a wonder-strike in extra time to win the tie.
Becca Litchfield, 29, and partner Dale, 30, from Nottingham, had IVF. After two failed attempts the couple decided to give up their dream wedding. They won a wedding competition allowing them to have the white wedding they had always wanted. After winning the competition the couple discovered they were pregnant. Becca gave birth to twins Darci-Mai and Stanley.
Speculation was swirling on Wednesday afternoon that representatives from the six countries, including the U.S., were on the verge of making a deal with Iran. German Foreign Minister Frank-Walter Steinmeier had said earlier in the day that his French counterpart would come back once the discussions 'enter a decisive stage' A spokesman for Kerry said Wednesday afternoon that the cabinet-level official would remain in Switzerland overnight and indicated that a political 'understanding' with Iran had not yet been reached. Journalists covering the talks in Switzerland were provided with a 'lid,' or promise that no news would be made, until at least the wee
George and Amal submitted plans to their council for a 12-seater home cinema. Industry experts say a cinema room is now an 'expected' luxury in properties worth over £10million. As extravagant as it may seem, home cinemas are often a clever investment as they make use of low value space.
Millie Elia, an eighth-grade student from Oak Mountain, Alabama, died following the accident at Mount Cheaha State Park around 4.40pm on Saturday. She had been rappelling on Pulpit Rockpark with her family and a friend when she fell.
Prince Charles was visiting the Rheged Centre in Penrith, Cumbria. He met members of the Westmorland County Agricultural Society. Also in conjunction with The Prince's Countryside Fund, visited an exhibition. The work of photographer Ian Lawson features a local breed of sheep.
The number of firearm licence holders in New South Wales has increased by more than 20 per cent in the last five years. Currently, a total of 215,462 licences exist compared to the 177,675 owned in 2010. Tamworth, 403km north of Sydney, was revealed to have the most number of firearm licences - 3259. Detective Superintendent Mick Plotecki said US's popular national gun laws and pop culture was likely to be driving the increase.
Media personality Deborah Hutton has released a cook book of her favourite recipes. 'My Love Affair with Food' features over 40 recipes as well as some of her cherished food memories and personal photos. Despite having a health and wellbeing website, Hutton has chosen not to buy into the 'diet/health cookbook' trend. She is bringing back wholesome cooking and real food recipes that make her happy.
Twitter has officially rolled out its ‘retweet with comment’ feature. The tool lets users embed tweets within their own messages. Users get an extra 116 characters to comment on a tweet. The feature is available on Twitter’s website and the iPhone app. It will soon be rolling out to Android handsets.
Ian Guffick asked pupils at Mitton Manor Primary School to change answers. This was despite the SATs exam session finishing, a conduct panel heard. The 31-year-old also altered a number of the pupil's answers himself. Investigation led to Department for Education annulling school's results. Guffick was banned from the classroom for at least two years.
Boeing has just filed a patent for a 'transport vehicle upright sleep support system' Known as the 'cuddle chair,' the system would allow passengers to rest their face and chest on the contraption. The patent insists that this system is far superior to neck pillows due to sleep's 'natural horizontal tendency'
Around 30 per cent of teachers said they had been subject of parents’ abusive internet posts. Bullying by parents is on the rise accounting for 40 per cent of all reported online insults this year compared to just 27 per cent last year. One teacher said they had been sworn at by a parent online over a PE lesson. Another said she had been called a ‘paedophile’ for wanting to film a performance.
Beatrice Nokes, 21, faces claims she incited a ring of prostitutes. She is suspected of grooming three young women to sell their bodies for sex. She is accused of running the vice ring in the capital last year with 37-year-old Met police officer Daniel Williams.
In southern Germany, hundreds of people braved the snow for a traditional Easter Monday procession on horseback. In Male Trakany, Slovakia, men in the community celebrated Easter Monday by throwing buckets of water at women. In Nyiregyhaza, Hungary, a similar tradition occurs, with young men dressed in folk dress sprinkling water on the women.
Natalie Fletcher's '100 Bodies Across America' project sees painted individuals blended into the likes of tourist hotspots, forests and ruins. For each work Natalie travels to a certain spot in the country before selecting volunteers - not models - who she then paints.
Claudetteia Love, 17, told last week she was not allowed to wear tuxedo. Said she would not attend Carroll High School's prom in Monroe, Louisiana. Her comments sparked an outpouring of support from across the country. Now, Principal Patrick Taylor and school board president have reportedly told Claudetteia that she can wear a tux to the prom after all. 'Banning her from her prom just because of what she wants to wear - that's discrimination,' said board president Rodney McFarland.
McDonald's says it's simplifying its grilled chicken recipe to remove ingredients people might not recognize. The company says it expects the new 'Artisan Grilled Chicken' to be in its more than 14,300 U.S. stores by the end of next week. It says the biggest change is the removal of sodium phosphates, which it said was used to keep the chicken moist, in favor of vegetable starch. The new recipe also does not use maltodextrin, which McDonald's said is generally used as a sugar to increase browning or as a carrier for seasoning.
'I believe we are going to have strong indications of life beyond Earth in the next decade and definitive evidence in the next 10 to 20 years,' said Ellen Stofan, chief scientist for Nasa. The announcement has been prompted by the recent discovery of water on Mars. Nasa is planning a mission to Europa, which may launch as early as 2022. It also hopes to land astronauts on Mars in the 2030s.
Labour leader vows to end casual employment contracts that 'undermine living standards and family life' But his crackdown backfired spectacularly as he forgot Labour use them. 68 Labour MPs had also signed up researchers and other staff on zero-hours contracts in the last two years. The ONS had explicitly warned the 697,000 people who reported having a zero-hours contract between October and December 2014 should not be compared with the 586,000 in the previous year. A hung parliament could send financial markets into a tailspin and the pound and shares crashing, experts warned last night. The ONS had explicitly warned the 697,000 people who reported
Rudy Guede, 29, is serving a 16-year sentence for the murder in Perugia. Ivory Coast national's DNA was found all over the bedroom where Miss Kercher was found half-naked, her throat slit in 2007. Knox and ex-boyfriend Raffaele Sollecito served four years for the murder. They were conclusively cleared by Italy's highest court last month.
James Robarge, 45, from Saxtons River, Vermont was sentenced to 30 years to life in prison on Friday. He was convicted last month of beating his wife, 42-year-old Kelly Robarge, to death after she filed for divorce. Robarge has served nearly two years behind bars which means he could be eligible for parole in about 28 years.
Research has revealed that the frequency with which Britons are having sex has been in decline since the emergence of the internet. Professor David Spiegelhalter, a statistician at Cambridge University, said a typical heterosexual couple was now having sex three times a month.
Louis Jordan, 37, released a three-paragraph statement on Monday in which he said he stayed inside his cabin to keep dry and avoid sun, wind, waves and sea spray. 'Every time I went outside, I exposed myself to getting my clothes drenched, which would have made it harder for me to keep warm,' Jordan said. Jordan was spotted by a German-flagged boat on Thursday, more than two months after sailing out of a South Carolina marina.
Police arrested 12 protesters Thursday when they tried to block trucks heading to the peak of Mauna Kea where one of the world's largest telescopes is being built. While the Native Hawaiian groups do not oppose the Thirty Meter Telescope itself, they disagree with the location of the construction. About 300 people took part in the demonstration and those who were arrested were released after they each posted a $250 bail.
Laura Alicia Caldero, 26, says she was arrested for suntanning on a beach reserved for paying foreigners. She claims she was sitting under a palm tree on the Mamitas Beach in Playa del Carmen when armed police forcibly removed her. Friends say she was arrested when she refused to pay a fine of about £70. Police insist she was removed because she 'assaulted a group of private guards'
The 30-year-old model is eight months pregnant with her first child. Her Instagram followers are concerned that her trim figure could harm her unborn child. Sarah credits her figure to regular gym visits and a diet of quinoa, spinach and chicken.
Ronda Blaylock was just 14-years-old in 1980 when she was found stabbed to death and brutally assaulted. Her partially clothed body was discovered in a heavily wooded area almost 20 miles away from the bowling alley parking lot where she and her friend had hitched a ride. The man who gave her a ride home that day was never found.
British banker Rurik Jutting appeared before a packed courtroom in Hong Kong. He is accused of the murder of two young Indonesian women. Wearing the same black T-shirt and dark-rimmed glasses, Jutting, 30, returned to magistrates' court after being deemed fit to stand trial in November following psychiatric tests. The former Merrill Lynch Bank of America employee faces life in prison if he is convicted of the murder charges.
Diane McLean, 58, and her daughter Rose, 8, and twins James and Annabelle, 5, lost everything except the clothes on their backs in the fire. The family is currently staying with friends, though the parents of some of their classmates have offered to house them. A GoFundMe campaign has raised nearly $90,000 for the family.
The 31-year-old London flight attendant has had 30 procedures, including four rhinoplasties, liposuction and six-pack implants. After being turned away by doctors in the UK, Rodrigo now travels to other countries for his surgeries.
All 36 units at Redlands House, Penarth, have been given the colourful treatment. Vale of Glamorgan council defended the colour scheme saying it will help residents with poor eyesight find their way home. Graham White, 76, said the property looks'more like a children's playscheme than sheltered accommodation'
Jordan Sim-Mutch posted pictures of stolen money and drugs on Facebook. 24-year-old was part of armed gang responsible for 29 robberies and burglaries. Career criminal claimed he worked in'midnight removals' in online profile. Jailed yesterday after admitting to string of offences at Minsull Street Crown Court.
Kevin O'Connor, who owns Memories Pizza in Walkerton, Indiana, told reporters he has temporarily shut the restaurant's doors. A contributor from Glenn Beck's The Blaze set up a fundraising page, with a goal of helping 'the family stave off the cost of having the media parked out front' The news comes a week after Indiana passed the controversial Religious Freedom Restoration Act. Crystal O'Connor told a local news station on Tuesday: 'If a gay couple came in and wanted us to provide pizzas for their wedding, we would have to say no'
Ambra Battilana, 22, told police Weinstein asked her for a kiss and then groped her during a 'business meeting' at his Tribeca office in Manhattan on Friday night. The next day she snapped a picture of her matinee ticket to a preview showing of Finding Neverland, which Weinstein is producing, at the Lunt-Fontanne Theater.
American Eagle Flight 2536 was scheduled to fly about 125 miles from Dallas-Fort Worth International Airport to Wichita Falls, Texas, on Sunday night. The plane left nearly a half-hour late, and when it got to Wichita Falls, the pilot told passengers that the runway lights were turned off. Wichita Falls officials first said that the Eagle pilot had the wrong radio frequency to turn on the lights on the main, 13,000-foot runway. But on Tuesday, city aviation director John Burrus said that Sheppard Air Force Base, which shares the facility, had closed the runway and turned off the lights.
The European Space Agency's Rosetta spacecraft has survived a recent comet 67P encounter. On Saturday the spacecraft dipped to within nine miles (14km) of the surface to take a closer look at the jets that are being ejected from its surface. But during the manoeuvre, Rosetta lost sense of where it was due to the amount of dust and gas. It was placed into ‘safe mode’, causing it to momentarily lose contact with Earth. The spacecraft completed a manoeuvre yesterday that will bring it from about 250 miles (400km) of the comet to within 90 miles (140km) by Wednesday next week
Charlotte Cobbald, 17, injected herself with medicine her father kept illegally. She then ran away, saying 'let me die', before collapsing in a field. Paramedics fought to save her and took her to hospital, but she died. An inquest heard she was a 'perfectionist' who suffered from anorexia.
Party chiefs scrambled to shore up support for Ed Miliband after it emerged dozens of Labour councils and MPs employ staff on the controversial contracts. Parliament’s expenses watchdog rejected claims by Labour MPs that they employ staff on zero hours only because they are forced to by the Westminster system. Labour’s biggest donor Unite also lost a humiliating tribunal ruling over an employee who claims he was sacked for complaining about being employed on a zero-hours basis.
Pete Bennett says he squandered his prize cash on ketamine. Nine years on the Tourette's sufferer says his condition has calmed down. He wants to crack Hollywood as an actor.
Corinne Gump and her grandparents, Judy and Bill Schmidt, were killed in a house fire on Monday morning - just hours before Robert Seman, Jr. was to go on trial for allegedly sexually abusing the girl over several years. Her mother, Lynn Schmidt, 'went back to her boyfriend's house after she abandoned the girl at her grandparents' home' Seman was under electronic monitoring at the time of the fire but was taken into custody after it emerged he tried to bribe a witness in the case.
LBF's Genre Spotlights will focus on two genres - crime/thrillers and contemporary fiction. Know Your Rights seminar will give advice on navigating the legal issues of an evolving industry. There’s also a talk on crowdfunding, which will show you how to get started in this new and exciting route to print.
Researchers in Tokyo found that rats flatten their ears, narrow their eyes and puff up their cheeks when they are in pain. They found that Long-Evans rats can read pain on other animal’s faces and use the information to make decisions. The scientists first took photographs of rats who were in pain and others with neutral expressions. To test the rodents’ response to pained expressions, they showed them the photos in a specially made cage, to test whether they responded to the face, rather than the smell of another animal.
The KKK men believed the prisoner was infected with HIV and hepatitis and he bit one of them during a fight, officials said. Klans men Thomas Jordan Driver, 25, David Elliot Moran, 47, and Charles Thomas Newcomb, 42, each face one state count of conspiracy to commit murder. The supposed hit man was an FBI criminal informant who recorded those scenes and others over the past year.
Nick Cannon has signed a deal to write a tell-all book about his marriage to Mariah Carey. Mariah rejected Nick's numerous demands for a $30 million divorce settlement so now he's writing the book. There is nothing she can do about it because he already signed the deal with major publishing company Simon and Schuster. 'Now Mariah is angry, devastated and scared that Nick will reveal her inner most secrets and make her look like a desperate fool,' says a friend.
Rachel Chepulis, 26, was arrested with Wesley E. Brown III in North Bend. She helped him break out of Lake Region Correctional Center, North Dakota. Brown, 35, was awaiting sentencing after pleading guilty to being a felon in possession of a firearm. He is thought to have befriended single Chepulis while behind bars.
The average British worker will sit through 6,239 meetings in their career. One in five workers confessed to messing up due to zoning out in a meeting. 70 per cent said they constantly zone out while in meetings.
James Paul Harris, 30, originally was charged with first-degree murder in the 2011 garroting death of 49-year-old James Gerety. Harris pleaded no contest in December to involuntary manslaughter. The victim's brother, Tom Gerety, called the justice system 'a joke' after learning how long Harris would serve.
Apple's Watch goes on display around the world on 10 April. People can pre-order it at 12.01 Pacific Time (8am BST) on this day. It will then go on general sale on 24 April in the US, UK, Australia, Canada, China, France, Germany, Hong Kong and Japan. On Friday, employees working in these regions will be eligible for a 50% discount on the standard model and the Sport model. This doesn't apply to the Edition model, which starts at $10,000 in the US and £8,000 in the UK.
Secret Garden by Scottish illustrator Johanna Basford has sold 1.4m copies. It's been translated into 22 languages and is riding high in bestseller charts. Adult colouring-in titles are now said to be outselling cook books in Australia. Basford says her success is down to people resisting modern technology.
Four-year-old Hudea was pictured last year in Atmeh refugee camp. Her father was killed in the 2012 Hama massacre, and she has lived there ever since. Two weeks ago, family fled to city of Idlib, now in control of Al-Nusra. The Al-Qaeda-led group has promised to bring in Sharia law in the city.
Nicolas Sarkozy was being grilled by judges in a criminal court today. 60-year-old is facing charges over the funding of his failed 2012 bid. Comes two days after being heralded as the politician to save France from Socialism.
David Suchet is fighting for better treatment for those with rare diseases. His grandson Todd has the rare condition Tuberous Sclerosis Complex. Suchet, 68, revealed his grandchild was diagnosed with the condition shortly after birth. He said ‘mismanagement in the admin side’ of the NHS means he is not receiving treatment that could help him.
The camel was likely used in the 1683 Battle of Vienna, which took place on 11 September after Vienna had been seiged by the Ottoman Empire for two months. Genetic analysis of the beast show that it was a Bactrian-dromedary hybrid – a breed popular in the Ottoman army at the time. Discovery was made during an archaeological dig that took place amid preparations for a new shopping centre in the town of Tulln.
U.S. District Court Judge Jon Tigar in San Francisco ruled that denying sex reassignment surgery to 51-year-old Michelle-Lael Norsworthy violates her constitutional rights. Norsworthy has been in prison since 1987, serving a life sentence for second-degree murder. She has twice delayed her scheduled parole hearings in recent months.
Don McLean's original manuscript and notes to 'American Pie' have been sold at auction for $1.2 million. McLean offered the wistful anthem that asks 'Do you recall what was revealed the day the music died?' at Christie's on Tuesday. The name of the buyer was not released. In an interview published by Christie's auction house New York, where the manuscript was auctioned, McLean says American Pie is about 'heading in the wrong direction'
Researchers from Texas A&M School of Public Health found that hospitalizations from car crashes dropped 7 percent between 2003 and 20010 in the 45 states with texting bans. Arizona, Texas, Montana, Missouri, and Oklahoma are the only five states in America that do not have texting at the wheel bans for all drivers.
Mystery man has wandered into the London Embassy with no memory of who he is except that he has a daughter. He does not know how he came to lose his memory or be in the UK, and cannot even recall his own name. All that he could remember was that he was from the Poznan area of Poland and has a daughter called Lenka.
Lu Lu and Zhen Zhen mated for seven minutes and 45 seconds. They set a new record for the year at the Sichuan Giant Panda Research Centre. A video of their sexual antics means'stud' Lu Lu is now the talk of China.
David Cameron was trying to answer question about homeless people. Victoria Prosser, 33, stood up and heckled him about ex-servicemen. She later told reporters she wanted people to question '1 per cent at the top' 'I'm sorry, but I have to speak out because I'm worried that at the end of the day there's more of us than there is of them,' she said.
Mrs Clinton said that she wanted nobody to know when she was going to the pool apart from one usher who was to guide her there. There she would spend three and a half hours sitting on her own reading looking ‘heartbroken’, according to a new book. The vivid account is written by Kate Andersen Brower, a former White House correspondent for Bloomberg News.
Karen Wakefield took daughter out of school for six days to go on holiday. The 13-year-old had been bullied at Manchester Communication Academy. Mother-of-two said she 'doesn't like being told by teachers when she can go on holiday' She and husband Paul refused to pay two initial £60 fines and subsequent £120. They could be jailed for three months or given fines of £1,000 each.
U.S. researchers looked at people taking selective serotonin reuptake inhibitors. SSRIs are the most commonly prescribed type of anti-depressant. They generally have fewer side effects than most other types of medication. Study found 69% of people taking SSRIs did not meet criteria for major depressive disorder, panic disorder, social phobia or anxiety disorder.
The Rev. Robert H. Schuller died early Thursday at a care facility in Artesia, daughter Carol Schuller Milner said. In 2013, he was diagnosed with a tumor in his esophagus that had spread to his lymph nodes and began treatment. Schuller and his late wife, Arvella, started a ministry in 1955 with $500 when he began preaching from the roof of a drive-in movie theater southeast of Los Angeles. By 1961, the church had a brick-and-mortar home - a 'walk-in/drive-in church' - and Schuller began broadcasting the 'Hour of Power' in 1970.
Danielle Davis, 24, refused a termination when a scan showed a brain cyst. But when Daisy was born she was told she had the incurable disease Anophthalmia, meaning she had no eyes. Daisy will be admitted to the Great Ormond Street Hospital later this month for an operation to fit glass eyes. They will be replaced when she is 18-months-old with painted eyes that will look more natural.
Professor Bryan Sykes of the University of Oxford claims a towering woman named Zana could have been the fabled yeti. Witnesses described the six-foot, six-inches tall woman in the Caucasus mountains between Georgia and Russia as having 'all the characteristics of a wild animal' She was captured by a local merchant in the 1850s who hired a group of hunters to subdue and shackle her in the mountainous terrain. Zana was eventually 'tamed' by the nobleman who bought her as a servant and kept her on his estate in Tkhina.
It's April Fool's Day, the one day of the year you really shouldn't believe everything you read in the paper. News reporters and advertisers have long enjoyed coming up with ever more cunning hoaxes. Here we bring you the best and most unlikely stories from around the web.
Young boy named Gabriel approached the bear at a North American zoo. The bear, believed to be called Cheyenne, approached the youngster with its mouth wide. The bear then appears to try and bite the youngster through the glass. At one point the boy tells his family 'he wants me to get in there'
Oscar-winning actress wants to build a 550ft-long wall along West Sussex coast. She wants to protect her £3.25million beachside home from flooding and erosion. But Natural England has recommended the planning application be refused. It cites concerns it may result in the 'direct loss' of natural habitat.
Amy Johnson was a passenger in a BMW when she went through the McDonald's drive-through at Stanmore in Sydney's inner west on March 17. The 38-year-old has been charged with assault occasioning actual bodily harm and common assault. Police say she grabbed the 16-year-old by the neck and scratched her face before the 21-year-old manager intervened to stop her.
Justus Howell, 17, was shot twice in the back by police in Zion, Illinois. Officers were called to reports of an argument on Saturday afternoon. Chief Steve Dumyahn said Howell and Tramond Peet, 18, got into a scuffle. Peet told police he sold the gun to Howell, who then tried to take it. Dumyahn said the gun went off and Howell pointed it at him.
Restaurant owner Sandy Dee Hall, 34, and his girlfriend Maxine Cher, 24, adopted Smokey Da Lamb after he was abandoned by his mother. The lamb has been living with Sandy in his Lower East Side apartment, and the couple have been providing him with round-the-clock care. But now the city has demanded that he be sent back to live on the farm.
The Queen was at Windsor Castle for the launch of the archive. She was shown a 200-year-old book of Persian poetry. Also seen was an essay written by George III on relationship with Parliament. Letters written by Rear Admiral Sir Samuel Hood during the American War of Independence are also included.
Bed was dumped in car park of Redland House Hotel in Chester by builders. Oblivious to its true value and historical significance, they left it to be picked up by auctioneers. Bed was bought by Ian Coulson, a four-poster bed specialist from Northumberland, for £2,200 in 2010. DNA testing on timber proved it once belonged to King Henry VII.
Police went to a home on March 26 in Balch Springs, Texas, to do a wellness check and were told that a two-year-old child had died. They were told that a 'rising ceremony' had taken place on March 22 and the child's parents took the body to Mexico the following day. A neighbor said that five children under the age of ten, both boys and girls, were also living at the home and had been taken away by Child Protective Services.
A new infographic from London furniture company Made.com shows scientifically proven tactics you can use to change the layout of your room. Sleep experts recommend you arrange your room symmetrically, install heavy curtains and keep pets out to get a more restful slumber.
Comedian Ben Elton took a swipe at Myleene Klass at rally in Warrington. He said: 'She made her money showering in a bikini. We should both be proud to make a contribution' Eddie Izzard, Sally Lindsay and Joey Essex also attended.
Swedish firm says vegetarian version uses less energy to produce and cook. veggie balls created from secret recipe of chickpeas, peas, carrots, peppers, corn, kale and seasoning. Ikea is as famous for its meatballs as its cheap self-assembly furniture.
Young job seekers are filling in forms using 'txt spk' instead of proper words. Cardiff-based insurer admiral said many fail at application form stage. Company said it expects spelling and grammar to be of a certain standard.
Schoolchildren exposed to 'propaganda' from Brussels, says Ukip. Campaign chief Patrick O'Flynn accused the EU of 'brainwashing' youngsters. Comes as Ukip accused of performing yet another U-turn on immigration.
Mario Ambarita, 21, clambered into the wheel housing of the Garuda Indonesia flight. The plane took off from the main island of Sumatra and flew at 34,000ft to Jakarta. The desperate reason for his actions was simply that he was ‘looking for work’ He was in a dazed state when he crawled out of the wheel housing at Jakarta’s Soekarno-Hatta airport.
Leia, an eight-month-old Boxer from Pennsylvania, was filmed as she lay on the couch and latched on to a baby's pacifier. Footage shows her then sucking on it before closing her eyes and loudly snoring in her sleep.
Hammerhead shark chases after fish in the shallows off Destin, Florida. Two oblivious swimmers bask in the water just feet away. 'Get out the water!' shouts a man standing on a penthouse balcony. 'Yeah, now run,' says one of the group of men filming the shark.
Simona Trasca, 34, said her latest boob job was so cheap her surgeon could not have paid tax on it. Plastic surgeon Marek Valcu claimed Ms Trasca's comments were defamatory.
Neighbour's row over 40ft high leylandii hedge has lasted for 35 years. Audrey Alexander claims it has knocked £20,000 off the value of her house. Stirling Council has finally ruled that the hedge can stay despite claims it has knocked £20,000 off the value of her house.
Natalie Whitear, 35, suffers from prosopagnosia, also known as face blindness. Condition means she is able to recognise objects, but not faces. The mother-of-two struggles to pick her husband and children out of a crowd. The condition is so severe that she can't spot her own reflection or her children when picking them up from school. She was only formally diagnosed with the condition three years ago.
Ringling Brothers Barnum and Bailey Circus announced that it will no longer have elephants in the show starting in 2018. The elephants will be taken to the Ringling Brothers Elephant Conservation Center in an undisclosed, 200-acre area of Polk County in central Florida. Some elephants will live out their post-performance lives in the center, while others will be used for breeding. The population of Asian Elephants has decreased to between 25,000 and 32,000 from it's 100,000 population over the last century. Poaching and habitat destruction are among the reasons for the decline.
Marc Benioff, CEO of Salesforce.com, was one of the first executives to react to the polarizing new Religious Freedom Restoration Act. He canceled all events and suspended employee travel to the state. On Wednesday he revealed he is now trying to relocate any Indiana employees who are 'uncomfortable' with the legislation. Benioff said he will not be able to shut down the Salesforce sector in Indiana completely.
Jo Gilchrist, 27, will spend the rest of her life in a wheelchair after catching a serious infection from using her best friend's make up brush on a pimple. The mother of one was left writhing in pain on Valentine's Day when a staph infection invaded her body and eventually attacked her spine. She has been in Brisbane's Princess Alexandra Hospital ever since and doctors are desperately trying to rid her body of the bacteria. Ms Gilchrist has lost all feeling below her belly button and will never have control over her bowel or bladder.
The 68-year-old Pulaski County resident, who was known as Terrill Wayne Newman until Tuesday, said he doesn't expect to be elected. His predecessor, who died in 2012 from chronic emphysema, gained a following for his wit, sharp dress sense and support of legalizing marijuana. Galbraith filed paperwork on Wednesday to run as an independent for the state's highest office.
The U.S. Attorney's Office says 48-year-old John Zelepos of North Stonington faces up to 15 years in prison after pleading guilty Tuesday to tax evasion and financial structuring offenses. Prosecutors said in a release that between 2006 and 2010, Zelepos diverted just over $567,000 from Mystic Pizza's gross receipts into his personal bank accounts and those of family members. Zelepos will actually forfeit $459,573.51 since the IRS earlier seized $63,084.49, prosecutors said. Mystic Pizza became a tourist attraction after Julia Roberts starred in the movie about the lives of three waitresses
The 15-passenger van was carrying 12 people from South Carolina toward Atlanta when it went off Interstate 85 about 7 am Monday. Members of the Atlanta-based band Khaotika and the Huntsville, Alabama-based band Wormreich were in the van. The driver of the van 'apparently fell asleep and allowed the vehicle to leave the roadway, at which time the vehicle struck a tree on the passenger side,' Georgia State Patrol Cpl Scott Smith said.
The Cheyenne Mountain Complex is 2,000 feet below the granite rocks and made up of 15 three-story buildings protected from nuclear blasts. The entire complex is designed to withstand a direct hit by a 30 megaton nuclear explosion and has 25-ton blast doors surrounding the complex. NORAD, a joint U.S. and Canadian command, was set up in the 1960s to monitor the skies for threats like missiles, aircraft and space objects.
Seven of the world's most endangered crocodiles flew out of Melbourne on Wednesday en route to their native country. The arrival of these one year olds to the Palawan Wildlife Rescue & Conservation Centre in southern Philippines is part of a major conservation effort. There are only about 250 Philippines crocodiles left in the wild, making them the most endangered crocodile species in the world. The reptiles were conceived and hatched at the Melbourne Zoo, the first and only Australian zoo to breed them.
Cleaning crews are clearing out the properties of elderly people who die alone and go unnoticed by their families. In rapidly ageing Japan, more people are dying alone and unnoticed in a country of 127 million.
Geneticists at Harvard University studied ancient human remains. They found that hunter gatherers living in Spain up to 8,500 years ago still had dark skin. It was not until 7,800 years ago, when the first farmers migrated from the Near East through Turkey that two key genes that provide lighter skin appeared.
Three men, two women and four children were detained by soldiers. It is believed the youngest of the four children is two and the eldest is 11. Turkey is key staging ground for foreign fighters attempting to reach IS-controlled areas of Syria and Iraq.
Roads around the Missouri city were flooded in the intense downpour, with one town recording more than two inches of rain in half an hour. Several crashes followed the atrocious driving weather, though no injuries were immediately reported.
Asma Fahmi was walking to her car with her family when they were attacked by three men from a balcony. The 34-year-old was with her sister and ill mother when they had hard boiled eggs pelted at their heads. She came to Australia from Syria when she was just four years old and has resided in Sydney for most of her life. She now volunteers at the Islamophobia Register Australia typing up incident reports and has found that a lot of the victims have no faith in the legal system.
Camoji lets you record a GIF with unique filters and text and share it to your friends on Messenger. First time the world's biggest social network has opened their Messenger app to seamless integration with third parties.
The 33-year-old told her parents, former President George Bush and former First Lady Laura Bush, about the pregnancy during the Christmas vacation. The couple already have a one-year-old daughter, Mila, who turns two later this month.
Sir Jeremy Heywood has ordered inquiry into claims leaked memo shows SNP leader Nicola Sturgeon wants David Cameron to win the Election. Row follows allegation Sturgeon told French ambassador she would prefer a Tory General Election victory – partly because Labour leader Ed Miliband is not ‘PM material’
Flambards rollercoaster is being tested over the Easter period. Readings will go into a report as a 480-house development is proposed. Fun park owner Ian Cunningham said he was 'amazed' no one knew it was planned.
Survey reveals that women regret their career choices more than men. Just under half (47 per cent) of women aged over 55 expressed disappointment. Nearly half of women (47 per cent) surveyed admitted that they have suffered from a mental illness or negative feelings towards their roles.
The Planetary Society says Nasa can afford a crewed mission to orbit the Martian moon Phobos in 2033, leading up to a crewed landing on the Red Planet in 2039. The Phobos orbital mission would last approximately 30 months, with nine months of travel each way and 12 months in orbit. Crewmembers would be able to study Phobos and Deimos, Mars' other moon, and potentially teleoperate rovers on the Martian surface. Panel said the current plan would use an Orion spacecraft to move crewmembers from Earth into orbit and back down.
The inspirational Ms Giffords, 44, walked through the airport in California using a cane, hard-won steps that show her continued progress. The former U.S. representative, who is now an advocate for gun control, was accompanied by her husband, retired astronaut Mark Kelly, on the trip. Last week, the couple had watch at the Johnson Space Center in Texas as Mark's identical twin, astronaut Scott Kelly, blasted off aboard a Russian Soyuz rocket.
The University of Sydney is running a 17-week diploma for Year 11 students at Scot's College to skip their year 12 exams and 'buy' their entry into the university. Eight Scot's students gained 'direct entry' to the university after completing the program in 2014, while 166 students completed the HSC. The University of Sydney's academic board has shut down this alternative pathway for school students. Opposition leader Luke Foley is concerned over how this alternative would impact the HSC.
Terry Martin, 48, shot his girlfriend Laurice Hampton, 48, after she asked for half of the proceeds. But Hampton, critically injured from a gunshot wound to her chest, was able to call 911 about 6:30am Saturday to report the shootings. Responding officers found the couple inside their master bedroom at their home on Beaty Street in Fort Worth, Texas. Martin was pronounced dead from a gunshot wound to the head.
Bowie, 68, composed music for Lazarus, a stage version of the 1976 film. It will be directed by Dutch Ivo van Hove, who worked on Once. Bowie played an alien who fell in love with television in the movie.
Domenico Rancadore was convicted in absentia in 1999 for his role as a'man of honour' The 65-year-old has lived in Uxbridge, London, for more than 20 years. In February he lost a year-and-a-half long battle against extradition to Italy. Today it emerged his European Arrest Warrant is to be withdrawn. Italian law states that a sentence is extinguished once a period of more than double the time of the penalty has passed.
Dr Alex Russell is a Sydney-based University lecturer who has worked in the wine retail industry for over 10 years. His PhD was on 'the taste and smell perception of wine' He shares his tips for mastering wine tasting in four hours.
Gareth Silk let his five friends plan a stag do in Benidorm, Spain. They were inspired by the hilarious Money Supermarket advert. The men in their matching outfits earned cheers and laughter from crowds.
Memories Pizza in Walkerton faced criticism this week after co-owner Crystal O'Connor expressed support for a new Indiana religious objections law. Despite 'keeping a low profile' Crystal O'Connor and her father Kevin O'Connor went on Fox News on Thursday to discuss their comments and the backlash they've received. The news comes a little after a week Indiana passed the Religious Freedom Restoration Act, which critics say would allow businesses to openly discriminate against gays.
Kimberly Greenberg, 15, disappeared from her Santa Monica home last week. Teenager became angry and left for a walk near her home to calm down. Teenager has mental capacity of an eight-year-old and is on medication. Mother Janice Greenberg has made a desperate plea for her daughter's return.
Anthony Bethell wants to restore 180-yard scrubby hedge between his home and college. Retired businessman says St John's College, Oxford, has refused to agree. Hedge divides Mr Bethell's one-acre plot from 1,200 acres of college farmland. But he says he has been forced to take the college to court over the matter.
The new 'Skywalk' observation deck has opened to the public in Yunyang County, southwest China. The cantilevered platform in Chongqing has a 720 degree view from a vantage point that stands nearly 4,000 feet above sea level.
Epiphany Morgan and Carl Mason produced 365 documentaries in 365 days. The Sydney couple visited 35 countries and 70 cities in their year of filming. The pair set themselves a goal of releasing one mini documentary each day.
Amanda Beringer asked her brother Brad Fraser to make a toast at her wedding at Eagle Bay, south of Perth. Far from a conventional toast, Mr Fraser performed a song which poked fun at marriage. The performance was also a tribute to their father, Peter, who lost his battle with the debilitating motor neuron disease 10 years earlier.
ISIS has announced plans to open a school of nursing in Raqqa, Syria. Applicants must be aged between 18 and 25 and must speak fluent English. They must also be willing to work in any ISIS-held area for two years. Students graduating from ISIS' school will be required to spend a full two years working for institutions run by the terrorist organisation.
U.S. Treasury will be able to freeze assets of hackers involved in attacks. Follows a series of high profile incidents including Sony Pictures hack. Obama said attacks pose'serious economic and national security challenges' Sanctions will 'go after the worst of the worst of malicious cyber actors'
Second wife of the Beatles singer said she was'very saddened' by the news. Added she was 'proud' how she and Cynthia had'stood firm in the Beatles family' Cynthia, who married Lennon after meeting him in college, died yesterday at her home in Spain following a short battle with cancer.
Bluey the cat has a purr as loud as a Tube train, according to staff. The 12-year-old has been clocked at 93 decibels using a sound meter. She is currently in a rehoming centre and is looking for a new owner.
Laura Mary Sumner has been ordered to leave Russia within ten days. The 24-year-old was ordered to pay a £23.50 fine for an alleged visa violation. Russian media reports branded her 'Agent Sumner' and linked her to a bizarre claim of a revolutionary plot. Pro-Kremlin website claimed her work was 'important for the plans of the West to create a 'colour revolution' in Russia'
Breast cancer screening was introduced in 1988. Women aged 50 to 64 invited for a mammogram every three years. In 2000, the upper limit was extended to 70. MPs are warning that women will die as a result of the screening age limit.
Study by Krcher reveals six in ten Brits are too busy to clean their homes. One in eight haven't vacuumed at all this year so far. A fifth never polish or dust their home and a quarter have never cleaned windows.
Anthony Ray Hinton was convicted of two 1985 murders that occurred during robberies of fast-food restaurants near Birmingham. Prosecutors linked Hinton to the killings through a.38-caliber revolver found at his house. The U.S. Supreme Court last year sent Hinton's case back for a potential new trial, which prompted a re-examination of the evidence. Hinton's defense lawyer wrongly thought he had only $1,000 to hire a ballistics expert to try to rebut the prosecution evidence.
The president said he can'relate to... the fear a parent has when your four-year-old daughter comes up to you and says, "Daddy, I'm having trouble breathing"''Well you know, Malia had asthma when she was four, and because we had good health insurance, we were able to knock it out early,' he said. Obama said the health scare resulted in a single trip to the emergency room for his daughter - who at the age of 16 now lives a full and an active life, inhaler free.
'The Residence: Inside the Private World of the White House' is based on interviews with more than 100 members of the presidential mansion's domestic staff. Former White House florist Ronn Payne claims Chelsea called the Secret Service 'pigs' as a child. A butler said the Clintons were 'about the most paranoid people I'd ever seen in my life' Hillary once threw a 'heavy' object – believed by staff to have been a table lamp – across the room.
Detlef Guenzel, 57, met Wojciech Stempniewicz, 59, on a cannibalism fetish website. He strangled his victim with a rope tied to a pulley then cut up his body. Guenzel then buried the remains in the back garden of his home in Germany. He has been sentenced to eight years and six months in prison.
The Yarnell Hill Fire killed 19 firefighters in 2013, the worst disaster of its kind since 1933. Prescott, Arizona City Attorney Jon Paladini claims the lone survivor, lookout Brendan McDonough, heard the crew leader order them to leave a safe spot. Paladini says he was told the order came just before winds whipped Yarnell Hill into a deadly, all encompassing firestorm. Neither McDonough nor former Prescott Fire Division Chief Darrell Willis will verify the account.
E.ON effectively overcharged thousands who decided to move to other suppliers. Firm broke rules by hitting tens of thousands of departing customers with a higher tariff in the days before their account was switched. It has refunded £8 to £12 to 40,000 customers and is trying to find another 7,000 meter customers to pay them an average of £3.42. Ofgem said the penalty reflected E.ON's'repeated failings' on billing rules.
Massive bus broke down en route to the Stagecoach depot in Dover, Kent. Unlucky driver was forced to ask passengers, colleagues and locals to help. Around seven proactive members of the public and bus company workers teamed up and managed to move the heavy bus.
42 per cent of those polled said they supported shale gas extraction. 35 per cent disagreed with using the controversial technique. Greenpeace accused of trying to bury inconvenient survey result.
The National Defense Reserve Fleet was set up in the wake of the Second World War in 1945. At its peak in 1950, the fleet consisted of 2,277 ships at eight anchorage sites across the United States. But as the need for the fleet has diminished, so has the number of vessels, and now just over 120 ships remain. Long years of neglect and disuse have turned the ships into near wrecks, with flaking paint polluting the waters.
Hannah Brierley, 16, thought her mother was playing a prank when she found it. She stared at it for a few minutes until it moved and called for help. Her mother Karen Marriott couldn't get hold of the RSPCA so called the police. Det Con Craig Wallace overheard the call and used a pillowcase to capture it. He believes it may have got into the house through an open door or window.
Zayn has been accused of cheating on four separate occasions. Swedish model Martina Olsson said she slept with him in Thailand. This is not the first time that the 22-year-old has been accused of cheating.
Barrick Gold reached out-of-court settlement when the women threatened to file a lawsuit in the US. One of the women was just a 14-year-old girl attending school when she was raped in 2010.
Tracey Cox says that some people just don't grow up. She says that if he doesn't like himself then it will be difficult to form a happy relationship. The more they like who they are, the healthier your relationship will be.
April 2 is Autism Awareness Day and Autism Assistance Dogs are a little known but hugely beneficial form of 'animal therapy' It turns out man's best friend are actually 'kid's best friend', with pups changing the lives of many children with autism. The dog can provide companionship for the child, as well as social and emotional support for the parent to bring joy and 'brightness' to the household.
Pterichthyoides milleri roamed Earth's freshwater lakes during the Paleozoic Era, between 542 million and 251 million years ago. The creatures were some of the earliest known vertebrates to possess jaws, though they had grinding plates rather than teeth. 'Pessie' may have lived at the bottom of the lakes that would later become Loch Ness.
The 1-year-old dog was hit by a car, clubbed in the head and left for dead in a ditch. Days later, the one-year-old bully breed mix showed up sickly and covered in dirt at a nearby farm. Now, the dog that defied death is recovering with the help of good Samaritans and veterinarians at Washington State University.
Research led by the University of Montana has found that eating fast food after a workout may be just as beneficial as dietary supplements. Performance remained the same after resting for several hours. Levels of glycogen - used by muscles as ‘fuel’ - were actually slightly higher after fast food was eaten as a recovery food.
The patent was filed by the California-based firm in March 2011. It details a method of scanning a user's face using the front-facing camera. Each time the phone is moved into a certain position, the camera scans the face. If the scanned face matches a previously taken photo, the phone unlocks automatically. Android Lollipop users already have an almost identical feature known as 'Trusted face' in the Smart Lock menu.
Pope Francis is presiding over a Good Friday torchlight procession at the Colosseum this evening. He has repeatedly lamented Christian suffering in the Middle East, Africa and elsewhere. Standing under a red canopy this evening Francis listened to prayers affirming the right of religious freedom. Earlier today he attended the Celebration of the Lord's Passion at St Peter's Basilica in Vatican City.
New stretch of Great Wall discovered in northwestern China. It is thought to date back more than 2,000 years. Nine sections have been found over the last two months.
A small piece of glass was discovered in a Beech Nut-Nutrition baby food jar by a consumer- and now, the company is recalling 1,920 pounds of the product. The type of baby food being recalled is 'Stage 2 Beech-Nut CLASSICS sweet potato & chicken,' which is sold in 4-ounce glass jars. Stores across the country were shipped the jars now being recalled, according to the Food Safety and Inspection Service.
A beanie believed to have belonged to Luke Shambrook has been found. He was last seen leaving his campsite at 9.30am on Good Friday. The 11-year-old is described as being of medium build, about 150cm tall. He was last seen wearing a black windcheater, black t-shirt, grey track-pants, grey boots and a scarf.
The mother who crashed a car into a lake near Melbourne has been released from custody. Police say Akon Guode was interviewed as part of the ongoing investigation into the deaths of three children. One-year-old Bol and four-year-old twins Madit and Anger all died after the 4WD they were in crashed into the lake at Wyndham Vale. A five-year-old girl who survived the crash is in a serious condition at the Royal Children's Hospital. The family with seven children moved from South Sudan to Australia in 2008.
Luke Lazarus was jailed for at least three years on March 27 for raping an 18-year-old virgin in an alleyway outside his father's Kings Cross nightclub. Lazarus hired a liquor licensing specialist law firm, who lodged the appeal five days after the conviction. Eastern Sydney's Waverley mayor Sally Betts wrote a glowing reference for Lazarus 'out of loyalty to the family' She is now developing 'a new risky behaviour education program' for young women.
Miliband accused of snubbing Britain's army of self-employed workers. He was accused of refusing to send them a special Election message. Labour leader prompted claims he was worried about upsetting 'union paymasters' David Cameron, Nick Clegg, Nigel Farage and Nicola Sturgeon all feature. But there is no message from Mr Miliband in the IPSE magazine.
Danny Eckhart is accused of drunkenly taking a police patrol boat for a joy ride and then crashing it into a riverside bar. He also did an unknown amount of damage to the patrol boat when authorities say he took it out 'while not acting in any official capacity'
Mike Holpin, 56, has fathered 40 children by 20 different women. He says he loves sex and won't use contraception - even though 16 of his children were taken into care. Despite being engaged for the fourth time, Holpin still has an active online dating profile on Plenty of Fish. Listed among his hobbies is watching TV and playing computer games.
Typhoon is so accurate that even the movements of the tide can disrupt the jet fighter's positioning and accuracy. To counteract this, engineers build the jet on 'floating' concrete rafts. Two laser trackers and nine jacks are positioned on a single surface, to make sure all movement is relative. They control the alignment of the barges by cancelling out subtle effects of the moon and the tide. This means the jet will be in 'near perfect alignment whatever the moon may be doing,' said Martin Topping, Head of Typhoon Maintenance and Upgrade.
Study found that children who ate a diet higher in saturated fats and cholesterol had slower reaction times and a poorer working memory. Children who ate the fatty diet performed worse when they were given a task-switching game to complete, the researchers said.
Phil Smith, 25, scaled a fence to try to get in his flat in Cottingham, Hull. He fell and hit his head, fractured his skull and suffered bleed on the brain. Mr Smith's parents have paid tribute to their 'lovely son' who had a 'natural talent with children'
Owners in Huddersfield, West Yorkshire, began to experience problems when heavy rain started falling last autumn. Neighbours have reported issues with drains, street-lights, cracks in front doors, gaps between interior doors and architrave. Harron Homes admits 'current level of customer care is simply not acceptable'
Marcello Trebitsch, 37, is the son-in-law of disgraced New York politician Sheldon Silver. He was charged Monday with running a $7million Ponzi scheme. Prosecutors say he lied to investors about stock losses and pocketed most of the money entrusted to him for trading. Silver, 71, was arrested in January for allegedly taking $4million in brides and kickbacks since 2000.
The question was set for 14-year-olds in the Singapore and Asian Schools Math Olympiad. Olympiad often features logical reasoning questions and are set to test top achievers. At first, the question appears impossible top answer without more information, but here's how to work it out.
Sainsbury's app is in development and will be trialled in Wandsworth later this year. As customers scan their household items, a live pricing tool will show their list with current store prices. These prices will update automatically if an item goes on sale. Map appears on the app when the registered phone joins a store's Wi-Fi network.
Aaron Stringer, of Bakersfield, California, Police Department, 'tickled' corpse. Ramiro James Villegas, 22, had been shot dead by officers on November 13. Stringer 'pulled head back and forth while discussing rigor mortis' He 'then said he 'loves playing with dead bodies' and told trainee to lie.
Leza Davies, 33, thought breast feeding had left her chest saggy. She got implants to boost her confidence and was happy with them. In April 2012, she knocked one of her larger breasts on a door frame. She found a pea-sized lump, which hospital tests revealed was cancerous. She was told her cancer treatment would leave her infertile. But remarkably, she soon found out she was pregnant after finishing treatment. She is now in remission and urges women to check their breasts.
Iona Costello, 51, and daughter Emily were found in Manhattan. They were recognized by the front desk manager of the hotel they were staying at. They were found at 3am by NYPD officers and are in good health. It came after details emerged of the colorful background of Mrs Costello's late husband's family, who were in dispute with her over the contents of his will. Her stepson George Costello Jr, 45, has a long history of drug arrests. He is currently in jail in Florida on apparently unrelated charges.
Amy Wilkinson, 28, claimed housing benefit and council tax benefit. But she was living in a home owned by her mother and her partner. She was ordered to pay back a total of £17,604 that she claimed over two years. Her grandfather, Tommy Docherty, was manager of Manchester United from 1972 until 1977.
Cheng Chen, 27, was inspired to make the iconic body armour after watching the hit film with his younger brother. He spent six months painstakingly researching and building the replica to the movie's exact measurements. The finished product is two metres high, weighs just 4kg and comes complete with helmet, laser gloves and a power backpack.
Frances, 53, spent Easter weekend with friends and family on the Caribbean island. She has previously holidayed in the area with the 54-year-old broadcaster. Pair, who have two daughters and a son, are said to have lived apart for years.
The election means that half of the six-member city council in Ferguson, a town where two-thirds of the 21,000 residents are black, will now be African-American. This just over a month after a Justice Department report detailed a culture of racism and abuse among city officials, employees and police. Voter turnout increased substantially from the previous election following a strong get-out-the-vote effort from labor unions and other national organizations.
A wallaby 'punched' a wombat who approached him while he was grazing. The incident happened at Wilsons Promontory National Park in Victoria. The wombat had no idea what he was in for as he approached the wallaby.
Sam Barton has had £55,000 of surgery to look like TOWIE star Joey Essex. The 22-year-old was egged on Easter Monday by a group of men. He believes the culprits tracked him down using his Facebook posts.
Hundreds gathered in Stephanie Scott's hometown Canowindra on Sunday to pay tribute to the 26-year-old teacher. Dozens of brightly coloured hot-air balloons flew through the sky in a spectacular display. Ms Scott was last seen on Easter Sunday just days before she was due to marry her partner of five years Aaron Leeson Woolley. Vincent Stanford, a school cleaner from Leeton, was charged with her murder on Friday night. Her body was transported to the Glebe morgue in Sydney on Sunday and will undergo a post-mortem on Monday.
The phone belonged to Bella Crooke who lost it at a friend's birthday party. It was handed in to Albury Police Station on the NSW-Victoria border. Police realised the phone was unlocked and posted selfies on Bella's Facebook page.
Ruth Davison is leading the campaign to prevent millions of people getting a chance of owning their own homes. But she is a Labour party member and owns a £1million terrace house in Islington, London.
The mother-to-be, whose name is Injaz, was cloned from the ovarian cells of a slaughtered camel in 2009 and born from a surrogate mother. Injaz was six years old this week and is said to have naturally conceived. Dr Nisar Wani, scientific director of the Reproductive Biotechnology Centre in Nad Al Sheba, Dubai, said they expect to have a calf from her late this year.
Dustin Wong, 31, abandoned his job as an engineer to travel the world with only his camera for company. Inspired by ancient Hawaiian beliefs in the sacredness of the landscape, he has journeyed from the Arctic Circle to Australia. He started taking photographs 15 years ago before taking it up full time last year.
Until now doctors have assumed that the brains of very young babies are not developed enough to feel pain. It means that newborns often go without painkillers, even during invasive procedures. New findings suggest that not only do babies feel pain, but their pain thresholds are even lower than those of adults. Research was carried out by doctors from Oxford University.
Lori Smith filmed her pooch Boomer being repeatedly hit as she lay with her head resting on the ledge of her electronic dog door. With the door jammed, it is seen constantly moving up and down hitting her skull each time. After more than 20 seconds and numerous head taps, Boomer appears resting in the same position.
A study of 2.3 million parents has pinpointed 7.35am as the most hectic, frenzied time of day in Australian households. Breakfast is the top priority for parents - with an average of 140 hours spent making breakfast each year. Aussie kids eat nut spreads 6.7 times a week.
Local campaigners are calling for a parliamentary inquiry into the scheme. They want lawmakers to look into the misuse of public funds. £60 million of public money has been pledged by Boris Johnson and George Osborne - £30 million each - for the project. The promises were made against a tide of criticism likening the scheme to a privately managed tourist landmark.
Eurythmics' There Must be an Angel came second on the list, followed by Vanilla Ice's Ice Ice Baby. Frank Sinatra's My Way also proved popular with parents, as did Dolly Parton's Island In The Stream.
Self-styled Mirreyes (my kings) flaunt their wealth on social media. They enjoy 'ostentatious spending, exhibitionism and narcissism' They are often sons and daughters of government officials. displays of wealth can lead to political and legal advantages down the road.
St Mary’s Hospital in London is the first choice of venue for the delivery. But hospitals in Reading and Norfolk are on standby in case she leaves capital. Kate is nearing the end of her pregnancy and is currently staying at Kensington Palace.
The ‘screw’ measures an inch (2cm) long and was collected by a UFO and paranormal research team called the Kosmopoisk Group. Russian researchers have dated the unusual ‘screw’ to 300 million years old, leading some people to claim that it may be proof of a highly advanced lost human civilisation. However, experts suggest that there may be a more earthly answer – that the ‘screw’ is in fact a fossilised sea creature. The leading hypothesis is that the ‘screw’ is actually the remains of an ancient sea creature called a crinoid.
Nathan Sellers went on the show with his ex, Lia Palmquist, and accused her of sleeping with every member of the Wu-Tang Clan. Palmquist admitted to partying with the guys from the Wu, but denied that she did anything sexual with them. The accused woman went on to tell Judge Toler that she did hang with the Clan on their tour bus and stay at their hotel until 7am talking politics.
randomly selected group of 50 Dartmouth students said they followed presidential politics enough to comment. Just nine said former secretary of state would make a good U.S. chief executive. Twenty-two of them mentioned the deadly 2012 terror attacks in Benghazi, Libya as a black mark on Clinton's record. 'I think there was blood on her hands,' freshman Cameron Poole told Daily Mail Online, referring to Clinton's handling of the Islamist terror group's military-style assault that laid waste to a State Department facility. One student called Clinton 'grizzled' from a life in politics and said 'just
Man was born at Luton and Dunstable Hospital in September 1989. Maternity staff failed to administer a vitamin K injection shortly after the man was born. Vitamin K helps the blood to clot, and as a result can prevent internal bleeding.
Robert Durst, 71, pleaded not guilty Thursday to two state gun charges in Louisiana in a case that would delay his extradition to LA to face murder charges. The weapons arrest has kept Durst in New Orleans even though he waived extradition to California, where he's charged in the December 2000 death of a longtime friend. Durst is being held without bail in the mental ward of a state prison.
GoFundMe told Daily Mail Online that 'after review by our team, the campaign set up for Officer Slager was removed due to a violation of our terms & conditions' A separate fundraising campaign was started on site, Indiegogo, titled the 'Michael T. Slager Support Fund' It had raised $393 of a $5,000 goal on donations from 20 people after being set up on Wednesday. Indiegogo told Daily Mail Online 'they don't judge' as long as content fits their terms of use.
The mother-of-two, 58, shared the news in a statement published by People magazine on Tuesday. She explained that her first test for cancer came back negative but that she was correctly diagnosed after seeking a second opinion. The actress urged women to seek a second opinion and to get screened.
The SanTO seat by SII Deutschland beat off competition from 21 finalists to win the Passenger Comfort Hardware award at The Crystal Cabin Awards in Hamburg, Germany. Seat aims to improve aircrew procedure and passenger safety. It would make use of the usually wasted space at the back of aircraft.
Stacey Eden stood up for Brisbane couple Hafeez and Khalida Bhatti. She was abused by a middle-aged woman on a Sydney train on Wednesday. Ms Eden's stand against racism has spread around the world. A fake fundraising page has been set up asking for donations.
An American soldier was killed Wednesday in a shooting incident in the eastern Afghan city of Jalalabad. At least two other U.S. troops were wounded when an Afghan soldier opened fire at them. The incident happened after a meeting between Afghan provincial leaders and a U.S. Embassy official in the compound of the provincial governor in Jalalabad. All U.S. Embassy staff were accounted for and returned safely to their mission.
Ramon C. Estrada, 62, was set to be paroled in less than three weeks when he died Sunday at the prison in Draper, Utah. He was scheduled to have dialysis Friday at the prison's treatment center, but a technician did not show up on Friday or Saturday. Hospital says there appears to have been some miscommunication with South Valley Dialysis technician scheduling, and the hospital is investigating.
John T. Booker Jr, 20, was detained in Manhattan, Kansas, on Friday. Charged with multiple terror offenses, including attempting to use a weapon of mass destruction. He is said to have targeted nearby Fort Riley and planned to use a 1,000lb car bomb to blow himself up and kill 'people with power' Imam Omar Hazim began counseling Booker at the request of the FBI last year, though he now says'maybe he came to me too late'
On her first day in New Hampshire, the Democratic presidential front-runner's motorcade hit 92 mph in a driving rainstorm. Clinton's 'Scooby' van was driven by a Secret Service agent as it sped through three towns in the state. The New Hampshire primary is the nation's first presidential primary voting state. Clinton's New Hampshire events were off-the-books and under the public's radar. She spent the evening at the home of a longtime Clinton supporter, former state Senate President Sylvia Larsen.
Four women worked at Wentworth Croft Care Home in Bretton, Cambridgeshire. They told one woman she was going to be killed and another told she was living in a brothel and should expect male visitors. Judge Sean Enright said he had ‘put aside his own personal revulsion’ to find a ‘just, proportionate sentence’
Richard Attenborough made his big-screen debut in the 1942 film In Which We Serve. He was still acting more than five decades later when he appeared as eccentric boffin John Hammond in Jurassic Park. He was an avid collector and the lots include a treasure trove of unseen photographs, iconic props, posters and sketches.
Book will be called The Shepherd's Crown and will feature witch Tiffany Aching. She first appeared in 2003's The Wee Free Men and has appeared in four other books. Plot of the final Discworld book has not yet been revealed, but the shepherd in the title could refer to her grandmother. Sir Terry died last month at the age of 66 after battle with Alzheimer's.
Instagrammers sent by Europcar to explore and snap nearly 650 miles in three days on the Isle of Skye. Their breathtaking findings have been seen by a combined following of over one million users. Team involved five Danes and three Scots who set out in March to capture some of the area's prized landscapes.
Horse attempted to jump black Peugeot 206 car with glass still in windscreen. One animal can be seen crashing head first into the turf at Northern Ireland event. Jump could have seen it suffer deep wounds or even fatal broken legs. One rider reported visiting A&E to be treated for badly bruised ligaments.
Hermann Goering was commander of the German air force during World War Two. He was well known for being overweight and favoured a dove grey suit. Experts used sweat stains on the suit to link him to the outfit. The suit is expected to fetch £85,000 when it goes under the hammer.
The car, driven by the boys' father, veered off the edge of the harbor and landed upside down in the 30-foot water. Divers found the boys inside the car, they had no pulses and weren't breathing when divers brought them up, and resuscitation efforts began immediately. Their parents are in a stable condition in hospital. The cause of the accident is under investigation.
Janet Street-Porter posted picture of herself with caption 'Just met Nicola Sturgeon lookalike out canvassing!' She said she had no idea of the outrage her 'light-hearted comment' would provoke from Sturgeon's supporters.
Two 21-year-olds and a 25-year-old collapsed on the vessel on Good Friday, forcing it to dock near the Opera House. They were rushed to St Vincent's Hospital where they are now stable. One man is suspected of taking up to four ecstasy pills in one hit, including blue ones with scissor stamps on them, a friend told police. Police allege an officer was assaulted as people left the vessel. Before the boat - which was hosting a 'Dirty Funken Beats' party - left King Street Wharf at noon, three sniffer dogs were on hand to greet passengers.
Luke Shambrook, 11, went missing from a Victorian campsite on Friday. He was found just before midday AEST on Tuesday in bushland off Skyline Road, Eildon, 3km from the campsite. The autistic boy was sitting on the side of a hill peering between trees toward a police helicopter. He is suffering from dehydration and hypothermia and has been driven to Alexandra Hospital to undergo further medical assessments. Luke gave his father Tim a 'big thumbs up' when they saw each other, the family said.
Comfortably Numb is a new, single-use device that eases the pain of an injection. It numbs the skin prior to the jab by producing a rapid chemical reaction to cool the patient's skin within 60 seconds. The device is 3D printed and consists of two sealed chambers containing the chemical ammonium nitrate and water. A simple twisting motion moves the chambers into alignment to allow the chemicals to flow through the chamber to produce a rapid endothermic reaction.
Constable's masterpiece Beaching A Boat, Brighton was looted by Nazis. Art gallery believes 1946 export permit will bolster claim it was legitimately brought to UK. Document bears signature of dealer Karola Fabri and seeks permission for transfer of artworks from Budapest to Zurich.
The hazardous material was discovered last month as crews prepared to replace the mayoral mansion's leaky roof. Officials do not believe the work poses any health risk to Mayor Bill de Blasio and his family, who will remain in the home during the renovation.
After months of grey skies and miserable weather, there are a few places you could try to celebrate the wonderfully balmy weather by taking a dip. Lidos are seeing a resurgence as more money is ploughed into renovation and redecoration. Here are ten of the best swimming locations in the country to cover all your watery needs.
Father-of-two was hit in the leg when Taliban gunmen opened fire near his home in Khost, eastern Afghanistan. He said it is the latest in a series of attempts to kill or kidnap him. During more than three years with UK forces, he worked with elite units including the SAS, Royal Marines and Parachute Regiment.
Medical experts watched the 23rd outing for Ian Fleming's hero. They concluded he would have died within minutes of being hit by uranium bullet. He would also have fallen from a speeding train and likely drowned in an icy loch. However, Tom Hanks in Cast Away could have survived on a desert island.
Office workers shocked to discover couple having sex in full view of tower block. Pair were semi-naked and appeared not to mind being in full view of others. Came on hottest day of the year so far and warmest April ever on record. Temperatures reached 25.1C at St James's Park in London and 24.6C in Kent. Met Office said mercury also hit 24.7C in Wisley, Surrey and 24.6C in both Norfolk and Gravesend, Kent.
The Kazakhstani Ministry of Defence has chosen 123 of its prettiest female soldiers and posted their photos online. The pictures show the women in three set poses – in military uniform, with weapons and in civilian clothing – and they have already been viewed more than 30,000 times.
Clare Van Santen, 37, was first diagnosed with breast cancer in 2005. The Perth mother-of-five thought she was cancer-free. But ten years on, the cancer has spread to her liver, shoulder, and brain. Radiation therapy is currently trying to shrink the ten tumors spread throughout her brain. Ms Van Santen has thrown her support behind Breast Cancer Care's Buying Time campaign which aims to raise money to fund more breast cancer nurses.
The quadruplet male cubs were let out into their glass cages for the first time at the Tobu Zoo in Saitama prefecture, on the outskirts of Tokyo. Initially hesitant to go out in front of a crowd of zoo staff and visitors, the cubs were encouraged by their mother, Cara, aged nine, to walk out. Then trouble struck; one accidentally fell into the play pool. Noticing that he was in trouble, his brothers ran to the rescue.
Michelle Schwab, a mother-of-three with a degree in therapeutic childcare, has been charged with child endangerment. She allegedly dangled her two-year-old son over the 10-foot-deep enclosure in Cleveland Metroparks Zoo before he slipped and fell. Witnesses say Schwab jumped in to retrieve the boy from the compound at 3pm on Saturday. The animals appeared to ignore the boy, witnesses say.
Salty Dog 502 is one of two Unmanned Carrier Air Vehicle demonstrators (UCAS-D) on the X-47B program. Earlier today, it plugged its in-flight refuelling (IFR) probe into the hose of an Omega Air KC-707 tanker off the coast of Maryland. During the test, it trailed the tanker from a mile off before using optical sensors and a video camera to monitor its approach. The drone is about the size of an F/A-18 Super Hornet, weighs in at 44,000 lb (20,000kg) and has a 62ft (20m) wingspan.
John Foran’s wife Nita was preparing a chicken tikka biryani stir-fry. He found the splinter-covered shard in the £2 ready meal. Iceland said they are carrying out a thorough investigation.
Pastor Eric Isaiah Adusah has been charged with the murder of his wife. Charmain Speirs' body was found in a hotel bath in Koforidua, Ghana. Hotel staff found the body of pregnant Ms Speirs face-down in a bath. Mr Adusah's defence lawyer claimed Ms Speirs was a habitual heroin user. But Ms Speirs's brother Paul said his sister was always against drugs.
The University of Michigan canceled an upcoming screening of the Oscar-nominated drama American Sniper over student complaints. Sophomore Lamees Mekkaoui started a petition earlier in the day after learning that a showing of the film was planned for Friday. Mekkaoui identifies as Arab and Middle Eastern and feels the film ‘condones a lot of anti-Middle Eastern and North African propaganda’ The student center responded to Ms Mekkaoui's petition by issuing and apology and replacing the R-rated film with a PG-rated children's movie about a stuffed bear.
Google CEO Eric Schmidt sat at the head of the table at a 2011 White House dinner attended by tech leaders including Facebook's Mark Zuckerberg and Apple's Steve Jobs. Google employees have been in the White House more than 230 times since Obama took office – approximately once per week. At least 190 of those meetings were with senior officials, including Federal Trade Commission members who accused the company of anti-competitive practices. Google has insisted it never received special treatment in that case, punctuating its denials with an animated GIF of a laughing baby as a jab at the news outlet that leveled the charge.
J.B. Silverthorn was charged with felony DUI, meaning he could serve a minimum of one year in jail. He was also booked for driving without headlights. Silverthorn was deemed guilty this week for driving over the limit and crashing his car into the Niagara River on December 29.
On Wednesday, a 12-person jury found Hernandez guilty of murdering Odin Lloyd in June 2013. He was sentenced to life in prison without the possibility of parole at the MCI Cedar Junction prison in Walpole, Massachusetts. The 700-inmate prison is a mile and a half from Gillette Stadium, where Hernandez used to play for the New England Patriots.
Patrons called police Sunday night shortly after discovering no workers at the Dunkin' Donuts on Arundel Mills Boulevard in Hanover. An officer checked the business and found a severely injured woman in the kitchen area. The woman, 21-year-old Palak Bhadreskumar Patel of Hanover, died at the scene, police said in a news release. Police said the investigation revealed that Patel's husband, 24-year-old Bhadreshkumar Chetanbhai Patel, hit her multiple times with an object and then fled.
Dr Victor Ramirez operated on Roseann Falcon Ornelas in 2014. The 52-year-old American woman was given a tummy tuck by Dr Ramirez, and began complaining of shortness of breath five hours after the operation. Dr Ramirez lost another patient the year before Ms Sarmonikas died. Ms Ornelas' sister Belinda Munoz said that she wished she had spoken out about Dr Ramirez when her sister died, and that 'now the beautiful Evita is gone' Evita Sarmonikas died at the Hospital Quirurgico del Valle in Mexicali on March 20 while on holiday with her boyfriend
Ozzie the goose broke his leg and it had to be amputated at the joint. He was close to being put down after struggling to cope with one leg. An animal lover's appeal for help led to a South African tech company making him a new prosthetic leg.
The 'Very Blokey Joke Book' by Jake Harris is on sale at River Island. It contains an offensive joke about domestic violence. Shocked Twitter users branded the joke 'horrific' and'staggeringly offensive' and demanded action from the clothing brand. River Island removed the book from their shelves and apologised to tweeters for the offence caused.
Game of Thrones is about to begin its fifth series on Sky Atlantic in the UK. The HBO drama is based on George RR Martin's fantasy novels. It has seen many female characters take leading roles - mainly because the men have died in increasingly tragic circumstances.
Christine Bleakley has opened up about becoming a step-mother to Frank Lampard's two daughters. The 36-year-old has been in a relationship with the Manchester City midfielder for five years. Admits that becoming a step-mother has been a slow and carefully thought-out process. Says she has a very hands-on role when it comes to looking after the girls.
The mother-of-two, 58, shared the news of her disease through a statement published by People magazine on Tuesday. She explained that her first test for cancer came back negative but that she was correctly diagnosed after seeking a second opinion. 'I am recovering and most importantly, expected to make a full recovery,' she said.
Baby and three girls - aged three, six and eight - were trapped by rising tide. Two mothers rescued them and held their heads above the water until help arrived. Incident serves as reminder of the dangers of rising tides after more than 60 people had to be rescued at the Boat Race in London on Saturday.
Darius the rabbit measures 4ft 4in long while his son Jeff measures 3ft 8in. The Continental Giants are the largest breed of rabbit and usually grow to around 4ft when fully grown.
A concerned mother took a photo of her child's lunch consisting of a dull looking fish fillet, a whole wheat bun, and corn and then posted it to social media this week. Virginia’s Portsmouth Public Schools say that their lunches are in compliance with Michelle Obama's federal lunch rules. 'Poor lighting and food presentation make this lunch unappealing,' said Food Service Coordinator Jim Gehlhoff.
German police 'closely monitoring developments' in the Hatton Garden heist. Detectives want to find out if any DNA was found at the scene of Easter raid. Also want to know if it matches forensic samples found in 2013 heist. Thieves targeted 294 security vaults at the Volksbank in Steglitz, Berlin.
Amit Yadav, 20, was driving his Honda Civic up to 25 miles over the speed limit. He lost control and smashed into an oncoming Renault Cleo in August 2013. His two passengers - brothers Haider and Taimur Kayani - were killed in the collision. Yadav denied two charges of causing death by dangerous driving and one count of causing serious injury by dangerous driving, but was convicted in February this year.
Jade Ruthven, 33, was sent a 'poison pen' letter demanding she stop updating Facebook about her baby. The anonymous letter claims Ms Ruthven is 'p*****g a lot of people off' The dental hygienist was so upset by the note she forwarded it onto comedian Em Rusciano, who shared it on social media.
Gao Yu, 71, has been jailed for seven years for 'illegally providing state secrets to foreigners' Beijing's No. 3 Intermediate People's Court said she had leaked a 2013 directive by the ruling Communist party named 'Document number 9' to a Hong Kong media outlet. The document warns of the 'dangers' of multiparty democracy, independent media, 'universal' definitions of human rights and criticism of the party's historical record.
Laurent Stefanini, 55, was asked by French President Francois Hollande to represent their country at the Holy See. But the controversial appointment was met 'with a stony silence' by the Vatican. Le Monde newspaper reported that Mr Stefanini was a practising Catholic but his proposed move had 'not received the agreement of the Vatican's administration'
The North Yorkshire Moors Railway was amongst 5,000 miles of track and 2,300 stations closed by Dr Richard Beeching in 1963. The railway line was axed during Beeching's brutal cuts 50 year ago but has now survived to become the world's busiest steam heritage route. Spring Steam Gala will continue tomorrow and Sunday and includes model railway layout displays at Pickering Station.
Queen Margrethe of Denmark celebrated her 75th birthday on Wednesday. The Danish monarch waved to excited crowds from the balcony at the Amalienborg Palace. Her sons Crown Prince Frederik, 46, and Prince Joachim, 45, were with her again. The two were at Fredensborg Castle for a gala banquet and fireworks display.
The former Illinois governor has return to his roots while inside and has been photographed with his still full head of hair a shocking white color. Blagojevich was infamously caught trying to sell Barack Obama's U.S. Senate seat when he was elected president in 2008. He was impeached and removed from office by the state Legislature in early 2009 following his arrest on federal corruption charges.
Nuku Vanonyi Cudjoe-Calvocoressi was head of politics at St George's School. Was travelling on a Richmond to Reading train when he pulled up shorts. A 33-year-old female passenger filmed Cudjoe-Calvocoressi on her phone. He was convicted of indecent exposure at Berkshire Magistrates' Court. Cudjoe-Calvocoressi has now been banned from teaching for at least five years.
Children can control three different cat toys at the shelter with the push of a button, and then watch on the TV in their room as the animals react and play with them. System uses high-definition cameras and interactive toys.
So far, purchased names include Youtube.sucks, Bing.sucks, Visa.sucks, Bankofamerica.sucks, Yahoo.sucks, Telusmobility.sucks and other major brand names. ICANN initially approved of the so-called top-level domain name, among nearly 600 it has added recently to expand beyond common names such as '.com'
Protest letters delivered to members of Spain's Royal Language Academy. Gypsy Secretariat Foundation, which are leading the campaign, are hoping to use it to raise awareness of discrimination against gypsies.
The FBI has cleared the Tulsa County Sheriff’s department in the fatal shooting of an unarmed black man by a volunteer deputy earlier this month. Sheriff Stanley Glanz said in a press conference on Monday that the special FBI agent in charge of the state of Oklahoma, Jim Finch, had informed him of the investigation's results earlier that morning. Glanz also said that action will be taken against two deputies at the scene, including one caught on video cursing at Harris as he lay dying.
Scientists found bite marks on the fossilised skull of a Daspletosaurus. The juvenile dinosaur lived around 75 million years ago and was a relative of Tyrannosaurus rex. The skull was found in Dinosaur Provincial Park in Alberta, Canada. Several of the injuries appear to have been sustained during combat. While others have been caused after death, the skull appears to have begun healing.
Len Barnes, 75, shed three stone as he battled the life-threatening condition. He suffered bouts of diarrhoea, lost his appetite and endured constant pain. Despite numerous courses of antibiotics he was still showing no improvement. Specialists suggested a faecal transplant - mixing healthy poo with warm water and filtered stools - to re-balance the bacteria in the gut. Mr Barnes' daughter Debbie was approved as a suitable donor. The procedure was performed at the University Hospital of North Tees.
Travolta spoke out while promoting his upcoming film The Forger. Said he never intends to watch Going Clear: Scientology, Hollywood & the Prison of Belief. Film claims church elders have blackmailed the 61-year-old into being one of their most visible cheerleaders. Also alleged members are forced to play musical chairs to Queen's Bohemian Rhapsody in a fight to secure a chair to stay in the church.
Two masked men have robbed three banks in Pittsburgh area so far this year. Surveillance footage shows them pointing guns at bank employees' heads. FBI suspects that the men are former police officers themselves.
Thousands of accounts were suspended from Twitter last week. Most of them claimed to be linked to Islamic State militants in Middle East. Now, social network has confirmed it was prompted by 'large number of reports' received by online activists and members of the public. Anonymous encouraged members to find and expose thousands of accounts connected with ISIS.
Rachelle Friedman Chapman, 29, broke her neck when she was pushed into a pool at her bachelorette party in Raleigh, North Carolina in May 2010. She is quadriplegic but can physically carry a child. Her condition means all four of her limbs are impaired, not strictly paralyzed. But her blood pressure is too low. College friend Laurel Humes offered to be their surrogate. The baby will be born on April 18, four hours from the Chapmans.
A report on the threat posed by Australian foreign fighters has blamed the Abbott government's troubled relations with the Muslim community for worsening the situation. The Lowy Institute report, released on Thursday, says the large number of Australians fighting in Syria and Iraq represents a'serious national security threat' It adds that the risk of an attack on home soil could be mitigated by the right policy response. The report comes just a day after the death of Melbourne model-turned-jihadist Sharky Jama.
A Savannah baby and a baby in Atlanta has been awarded $1,529 for college expenses as part of a state sweepstake draw before even turning 10-hours-old. Levi Jarrett Millspaugh was born at 2:38 a.m. Wednesday, making him this year’s first Tax Day baby at Memorial University Medical Center. The other lucky winner was a baby named Johnathan, the newborn child of David Choe and his wife Jennifer.
Jeffrey Walker told jurors that the Philadelphia Police Department drug squad targeted 'white college-boy... khaki-pants types' Walker, 46, said police brass applauded the drug squad because they made big arrests that made them look good. Squad leader Thomas Liciardello, the lead defendant, 'produced big jobs, a lot of arrests,' he said.
Study found mindfulness-based cognitive therapy (MBCT) led to similar outcomes as when treating the mental disorder. MBCT is a growing movement based on ancient Eastern traditions of meditation. Over two years, relapse rates were 44 per cent in the MBCT group compared to 47 per cent in the medication group. This suggests it offers an 'alternative treatment' for those averse to the idea of taking drugs.
A guard at the U.S. Census Bureau headquarters in Suitland, Maryland was shot in the abdomen Thursday night. The guard died later at a Washington, D.C. hospital. The suspect fled the scene in a car and led police on a wild chase through Washington D.C. before he was shot by officers.
A man in a 'distinctive' cartoon mask demanded cash from owner's daughter on Saturday. Police say there were no signs of weapons used but that the robber remained at large. They are asking anyone with information to call Crimestoppers on 0800 555 111.
Four out of ten British Muslims partly blame security services for radicalising young Jihadis. Eight per cent said they had 'a lot of sympathy' for the likes of Jihadi John. One in four British Muslims said they had sympathy for those who join ISIS. One in seven non-Muslims said they were more suspicious of Muslims than before.
The records for Robert Bates include certificates showing what training he received, job evaluation reports and weapons training and qualification records dating to 2008. Bates' attorneys said the 64 pages of information include records Bates, of Tulsa, copied and kept for himself. He has said he mistakenly pulled out a handgun rather than a stun gun when he fatally shot Eric Harris on April 2 as he lay on the ground.
Hop Theory sachets contain a blend of hops, fruit peels and spices. They promise to turn a pint of lager into 'craft beer' in just two minutes. But the project has been criticised by brewers as misleading.
Stancil, who gave himself fascist face tattoos, is awaiting extradition from Florida to North Carolina, where he is accused of fatally shooting 44-year-old Ron Lane. He told Raleigh's WRAL-TV on Wednesday that he killed Lane because Lane had made sexual advances to Stancil's 16-year-old brother. 'He ain't physically touched him, but he was in the proposal to try to and I wasn't going to let that happen,' Stancil said.
The Red Bull Media House and Starelation teamed up with the skier to create the unusual stunt. The biodegradable powder was placed in slalom poles along the course, and multiple cameras were set up to capture the effect. 'We wanted to bring a new, cool element into skiing,' said Hirscher.
Georgina Chapman, 38, was pictured for the first time since the scandal broke looking downcast and carrying their four-year-old daughter, India. Ambra Battilana, 22, told police that the Hollywood producer groped her and put his hand up her skirt during a 'business meeting' at his Tribeca office on Friday night. Police reportedly overheard a phone call between Battilana and Weinstein, in which she confronted him - and he said: 'It won't happen again'
Kyesha Smith Wood, 36, posted a message on Facebook to find the mother. Rebecca Boyd was watching Cinderella with her daughter Ashley. She confronted 13-year-old Lexy and her step-sister after the film. Mrs Boyd said the girls were 'rude and obnoxious' throughout the movie. Lexy and her brother Nick, 16, have now apologized to Boyd.
Damon Muller was diagnosed with Juvenile Dermatomyositis (JDM) back in November. The 11-year-old from Gladstone in central Queensland has doubled in size due to swelling and bloating as a result of his condition. He can't go out in the sun without breaking into a severe rash and his throat can swell so much it almost closes over. The disease can only be treated with high doses of steroids and a chemotherapy-type drug.
Warren Rodwell was held against his will in a foreign jungle for 472 days. Islamist militants posing as policemen abducted him from his home in the Philippines by gunpoint on December 5, 2011. He was released in March 2013 when his family managed to raise a significant ransom. Under Australian law, the survivors and families of victims of overseas attacks can claim up to $75,000 in compensation. Mr Rodwell fears the Federal government will not award him Victims of Terror Overseas compensation.
Caretakers of Abraham Lincoln's tomb are on the defensive over an unflattering critique in National Geographic magazine. Illinois Gov. Bruce Rauner has proposed eliminating the state Historic Preservation Agency that manages sites including the tomb as it currently exists. The popular tourist site was pilloried in this month's issue of National Geographic magazine as having 'all the historical character of an office lobby'
Anjelica 'AJ' Hadsell, 18, has been missing since March 2. On Thursday, police found human remains 40 miles from her home. They have been sent to the medical examiner's office for identification. Last week, police searched a nearby pond after receiving a tip that her cell phone may be below the surface. Her stepdad, Wesley Hadsell, was arrested for breaking into a home two weeks after her disappearance and says he was looking for her.
BBC political editor Nick Robinson made a brief return to TV screens last night. He had been taking time off for treatment for a rare lung tumour. Mr Robinson's voice sounded weak and strained following his cancer surgery.
Edward Snowden leaked 1.7million classified documents in 2013. Henry Jackson Society has found at least three Al Qaeda affiliates altered communications. Extremist websites have also moved to protect their digital communications.
Lacey Spears of Scottsville, Kentucky, was found guilty last month of second-degree murder in the death of her son at a suburban New York hospital. She was spared the maximum 25 years to life and instead received 20, showing no emotion when she was sentenced. The boy's father, Chris Hill, was not emotionless however and wrote of his wife's sentence; 'Please put her in general population! Thats all im asking for! Because she wont make it'
WARNING: GRAPHIC CONTENT. Hanan, 19, was snatched from her family and taken to a warehouse in Mosul, Iraq. She and six others were then taken to a nearby village where they met a fellow Yazidi girl who had been incarcerated there for the last two months. The girl told them she had been beaten, handcuffed and raped and their captors warned they would soon suffer the same fate.
The Red Lady of El Mirn was found in the cave in Cantabria, Spain. She was buried around 18,700 years ago and was found in 2010. Researchers found spores of grilled fungi and bolete mushrooms in her teeth. They also found her teeth bore little signs of decay, suggesting she ate few carbohydrates. The findings provide the oldest evidence yet that early humans ate mushrooms.
Xiao Zhengti, five, was born with a congenital liver disease in 2009. His mother Yang Haiying donated part of her liver at nine months old. But the boy's body rejected the organ, and he spent four years in hospital. Father Xiao Kunqing was also found to be a match, but surgeons warned against a second operation saying it carried greater risks. Yesterday he had 40 per cent of his liver removed and transplanted into his son.
There were 72 unprovoked shark attacks around the world last year. Three people were killed in Australia and South Africa. Great White, Bull and Tiger sharks account for the vast majority of attacks.
James Ritchie was voted into the Tasmanian University Union's women's officer role with a clear majority over a female candidate. An online petition opposed the decision to employ a male for the job. The university's student union has now introduced a requirement that candidates sign a statutory declaration confirming they identify as female.
Twelve-year-old Alfie had an MRI scan at the Animal Health Trust clinic. Owner Lynne Edwards noticed a lump behind his ear during the scan. When he refused food she found puss oozing from his back. She then took him to a vet, where staff exposed the severe burns. She discovered a heat pad used to keep him warm had been warmed in a microwave. Animal Health Trust said they are now using an incubator to heat the pads.
Mike Lane, 40, was beaten by balaclava-clad protesters armed with iron bars. He was sent flying to the ground, before being kicked in the head. Since the attack he has suffered memory loss.
JoeJoe who lives in Las Vegas with his owner Cody Kennedy, has almost 60,000 followers on Instagram. Add that to his near 5,000 Facebook likes and his Twitter account that boasts over 1,000 Twitter followers. Sat in a shallow bath, the large rodent sits perfectly still while three energetic ducklings stand on its head and body.
The Shire of Montana is set in a remote valley in the north-west corner of the state. At 1,000 square feet, the underground house has a king bedroom and a smaller guest room, plus custom-made wooden furniture. The 20-acre property near Trout Lake, Montana has decorative hobbit homes, fairy doors and a tree stump-shaped troll house.
The Carnival Spirit has been battered by nine metre waves off the coast of Sydney. The cruise liner was returning from a 12-night cruise to New Caledonia, Vanuatu and Fiji but has been stopped by the rough seas. The massive swell, seen from video images taken from on-board, reveals just how treacherous and stomach churning the conditions are. 'Last night was absolutely horrendous. In the room all the cupboard doors were flying open and everything on the bench tops was flying off,' one passenger said.
Peter Garrett has put his family's Sydney home on the market. The 193 centimetre lead singer and former politician is hoping the stunning terrace will be auctioned off for at least $1.05 million. The property was bought by Garrett for $932,500 in 2010 while he was the Minister for Environment Protection, Heritage and the Arts as part of the Gillard government. The three bedroom terrace is set over two levels with a beautiful balcony off the master bedroom, looking out onto the street. The property has been listed by Belle Property Randwick and will go to auction on May 16th.
The government are about to annouce reforms that will strip parents of welfare benefits if they don't immunise their kids. Prime Minister Tony Abbott will announce the reforms alongside Social Services Minister Scott Morrison on Sunday. The changes come amid rising concerns about whooping cough outbreaks that have devastated small communities where many children remain unvaccinated.
Iona Costello, 51, and daughter Emily, 14, were found in Manhattan. They were recognized by the front desk manager of the hotel they were staying at. They were found at 3am by NYPD officers and are in good health. Iona is in the midst of a nasty battle over the will of her late husband, George Costello Sr, 63, who died of a heart attack in 2012. She is believed to have been 'under a lot of stress' because of a legal battle with four of his five adult children from previous marriages.
Jack Jordan, 23, was diagnosed with leukaemia two years ago. He proposed to his girlfriend Laura Cant at Christmas while in hospital. The pair had planned to marry after a bone marrow transplant. But last week Mr Jordan was told he had just weeks to live. He is now too ill for the operation and has just weeks to live. The couple are now set to marry at Torbay Hospital's chapel tomorrow.
Alex Trebek asked: 'In common law, the age of this, signaling adulthood, is presumed to be 14 in boys & 12 in girls?' The first contestant to press his buzzer was Tom, a freemason, who inexplicably answered: 'What is the age of consent?'
Warner Bros and DC Entertainment attempted to set a world record for the largest gatherings of people dressed as DC Comics Superheroes. The event kicked off in Queensland, Australia, with a celebration at the Movie World Australia theme park. It ended in style in Los Angeles, California, at the Hollywood & Highland Center.
Elijah Cook was born profoundly deaf in his left ear and only able to hear 75 decibels in his right. Doctors decided to fit him with hearing aids as soon as possible.
A new book, The Old Boys, lays bare the little-known history of Britain's public schools. It was inspired by David Cameron's comparison to fictional bully Flashman in Tom Brown's School Days. Years of research in the schools' archives shed light on tales of master's held at sword-point, mass walkouts and battles so intense they required the intervention of a militia.
Mary Kay Letourneau, then a 34-year-old married mother of four, pleaded guilty to child rape for her illicit affair with Vili Fualaau in 1998. She fell pregnant with his child when he was 13 and gave birth to their first daughter, Audrey, while out on probation. Audrey, now 17, was born while her mother was out on probation and her 16-year-old sister, Georgia, was welcomed into the world behind bars. The Fualaau sisters will join their parents for an interview with Barbara Walters on 20/20, which will air on ABC Friday at 10pm. Fuala
A record-breaking 728kg pumpkin was served to the Asian Elephants at Taronga Zoo on Friday morning. The pumpkins displayed at this year's show were cleverly recycled by being served to the Asian Elephants at the popular Sydney zoo. Keepers introduce new foods and enrichment items to challenge and stimulate the extraudinary animals.
The retailer announced on it's website that it 'no longer' has store locations while reminding customers that its 'online store offers the same selection of products'
Xue Feng returned to his family in Houston on Friday following his release. He served all but ten months of his eight year sentence at Beijing's No. 2 Prison. Xue was sentenced in 2010 on charges of illegally gathering information on China's oil industry.
Matthew Hall, 25, climbed onto the balconies in of his victims in Manchester's fashionable Northern Quarter district. He asked when confronted 'am I scaring you?' and 'you're dead sexy - can I come in?' In one case he walked into his victim's bedroom as she slept in the early hours, making off when she switched the light on and saw him. Jailed for two years after admitting two attempted burglaries and one burglary. Judge Martin Rudland said he had 'deliberately targeted vulnerable women'
Alex Perry will not be presenting at this year's Mercedes-Benz Fashion Week Australia. This is only the second time in twenty years the designer has missed the event. Perry says he is taking a break from the runway to focus on his international efforts. He has just filmed Asia’s Next Top Model and plans to work on more TV projects in Asia.
Sarah Wilson, 41, said anxiety drove her to believe she had reached a stage in her life where she 'couldn't see the point of continuing' 'I couldn't see a light at the end of the tunnel,' she said. Ms Wilson is the author of the best-selling book I Quit Sugar.
Jay Kantaria, 38, leapt onto tracks at Sudbury Hill station in north-west London. Had recently left senior position at Baring Asset Management to start career in property development. Died instantly of'severe traumatic brain injury' and had to be identified from fingerprints. Coroner: 'For the reason I have said, it just doesn't make sense'
After 15 years of hoping for the opposite, Sarah Ivens wanted to have a baby. But at the age of 34 and after 15 years of hoping, she desperately wanted to get pregnant. After 11 months, when her body was still not doing what she demanded, she got depressed, stressed and scared.
The inflatable, nicknamed Ba Di Doll, has appeared at Wanda Plaza commercial complex in eastern China's Nanjing city. The attraction, which features a ball pit, slide and climbing area, can be accessed via the doll's right foot. Cartoon images are displayed inside the legs to teach children about sex.
The National Institute on Drug Abuse in the US has admitted, in its revised publication on marijuana, that the drug offers benefits to some cancer patients. The term medicinal marijuana refers to using the whole unprocessed plant or its basic extracts to treat a disease or symptom.
Kenneth Stancil III, 20, made his first court appearance in North Carolina on Thursday after he was extradited from Florida. He'shot his former supervisor, 44-year-old Ron Lane, at Wayne Community College on Monday morning before fleeing on a motorcycle' On Thursday, he swore at the judge and said he knew he would get the death penalty if he was convicted of murder. He has previously claimed that Lane tried to take advantage of his 16-year-old brother, whom he found on Facebook.
Marc Wabafiyebazu, 15, and his 17-year-old brother Jean were living with their mother, Roxanne Dube, Canada's consul general in Miami, when they were killed in a drugs raid on March 30. Court documents reveal the boys boasted to investigators that this raid was not their first. They would drive around Canada raiding homes and buying drugs, the younger boy has told investigators.
Palm Beach County, Florida, deputies say 36-year-old David Etzel bit his mom's 10-pound Shih Tzu then beat it so badly its eye came out of its socket. The dog's owner Michele Etzel told deputies that her son had been drinking and teasing the dog, prompting the dog to bite Etzel.
Supreme Court Chief Justice John Roberts reported for jury duty in Rockville, Maryland on Wednesday. The 60-year-old was called to serve on a case involving a car crash and had to answer a couple of questions about his relatives. When it came to a question about the jurors legal experience the sitting Judge refrained from making Roberts answer, saying, 'Obviously we know what you do for a living, sir'
The Northern Territory Cattlemen's Association held a photography competition in conjunction with their annual conference. The competition asked for images that will illustrate the Northern Territory's unique outback lifestyle as well as their distinctive people and landscapes. Marie Muldoon won this years competition with a touching photo of her daughter cuddling up to a horse, titled True Love. The photograph speaks to the intrinsic link between man and animal.
Rilie Carey learned rhyme at preschool and was halfway through dinner. She decided to perform it for her mom Jessica, from Salem, Oregon. As the rhyme continues her eyes begin to fill with tears. At the end of the clip Rilie leans in for a hug from her mom.
The Republican presidential hopefuls told conservative radio host Hugh Hewitt in separate interviews on Tuesday that they'd block the sale of marijuana in Colorado and Washington. 'Marijuana is a gateway drug,' Christie said, citing an 'enormous addiction problem in this country' 'And we need to send very clear leadership from the White House on down through the federal law enforcement,' he added.
Ashley Pegram went on a date with Edward Primo Bonilla on April 3 but did not return home and her sister reported her missing the next day. He told her he had kicked her out of his car after she got too drunk. But surveillance footage shows her returning to the car at 1am the next morning. Bonilla has now been arrested for obstructing justice.
Disgruntled flyers and flight attendants have taken to social media to shame passengers with annoying habits. They include a feet being wedged in between seats or near other passenger's head, rubbish being trashed in seat pockets and bathrooms. Photos were posted on former flight attendant Shawn Kathleen's Instagram account Passenger Shaming.
Haley Fox, 24, of Turner, Oregon, fractured 26-year-old Samuel Campbell's skull with a baseball bat at her home last Wednesday. Fox and Campbell, of Adger, Alabama, had been in a relationship for around two years after meeting online.
Christine Lillico, 47, was supposed to look after her dying parents' bank accounts. But over a six year period she stole £78,000 from John and Audrey Air. Court heard she spent some of the money on shopping sprees in B&Q. Her elderly father was left in debt and too poor to afford a telephone. Lillico was jailed for 20 months and ordered to pay her brother £39,000.
The 77-year-old woman was struck by lightning while she sat in her car. Her hairdresser noticed she had suffered minor burns on her scalp. Days later, she noticed her eye sight was blurred - she could barely see with her right eye. A scan of her retina revealed she had a hole in her retina.
Kevin Carr, 34, from Woolacombe, Devon, ran more than a marathon a day every day for almost two years. He ran across 26 countries and got through 16 pairs of shoes to complete the feat, beating the previous record by a day. Mr Carr was the first man to complete the voyage unsupported, and instead of a team, he pushed it along himself in a buggy.
Ashton Wood will read out a 'not sorry' apology to Jeep on national television tonight. He launched a public campaign last year asking others to help him destroy his brand new $49,000 Jeep in protest. Mr Wood raised $18,000 online so he and 300 people could destroy his car. Jeep refused to refund or replace the vehicle which he claimed had suffered 21 separate mechanical problems. Mr Wood is now campaigning for the United States' Lemon laws to be introduced in Australia.
Lawrence Phillips, 39, is suspected of killing Damion Soward, 37. Soward was serving 82 years to life for a first-degree murder conviction. Phillips was once one of the nation's top college football players at Nebraska. He also played for the Miami Dolphins and San Francisco 49ers.
Joelison Fernandes da Silva, 28, developed gigantism as a child. His height forced him to drop out of school due to bullying. Eventually found true happiness with Evem Medeiros, a 5ft 21in woman.
Andrew 'Drew' Butler, 25, allegedly shot mother-of-three Kendra Gonzalez. Police said they were involved in an argument when the gun went off. Gonzalez's two-year-old son and her teenage daughter were in the car at the time. Butler got out and dragged her body from the driver's seat and left it on the road.
Andy Murray and Kim Sears will marry in Dunblane Cathedral on Saturday. Local businesses are getting ready for the big day with bunting. A garter and a handmade card featuring the couple have been sent.
Sam Griner is better known as the face of the 'Success Kid' meme. His mother, Laney, snapped the photo of him when he was 11 months old. Now, she is trying to raise funds to help her husband, Justin, who needs a kidney transplant and years of subsequent medications.
Hilary Wilson had a cardiac arrest during a Caesarean section and 'died' for 11 minutes. When she woke up, she had no memory of ever being pregnant or having her baby. Only realised she had a son when someone showed her a picture of Felix wearing a baby grow that her other children had worn when they were born, and it 'clicked' that he was her son.
Mohammad Qamaruzzaman was hanged inside a jail in Dhaka on Saturday. He was the assistant secretary general of the Jamaat-e-Islami party. Headed militia group that collaborated with Pakistani army in 1971 war. Was behind killing of around 120 unarmed farmers, prosecutors said. But move has been slammed by man's supporters, who have called for general strike.
Ana Granucci Davis, 28, gave birth to son Andrew Aaron Lawrence on Tuesday. On Saturday, her husband Aaron Davis, 31, was fatally struck by a suspected drunk driver. Jason Lanard Mitchell, 25, faces charges including DUI manslaughter and vehicular homicide. Last week, Mr Davis had decided to quit smoking and was going to put savings towards his children.
Amy Murray, 23, was watching the adult-only film with a friend. People in the row in front of her became annoyed at her for laughing. An argument broke out and Murray hit Jessica Deadman, 23, with her hand. Police were called to Century Cinema in Clacton-on-Sea, Essex. Murray admitted charges of assault and being drunk and disorderly. She was given a 12 month conditional discharge and ordered to pay compensation.
Billy Thompson was last seen on Saturday at Sugar Bear's home in McIntyre, Georgia, where Mama June's daughter Jessica was preparing to go to prom. Since then Billy hasn't been seen and he isn't returning any phone calls or texts. The family have filed a report with the local police department and are especially worried because Billy has been struggling to find work and recently suffered a difficult split from the mother of his children.
Firm will now display the last 34 pictures of a person's Instagram feed. Tinder has also used Facebook to boost its'mutual friends' feature. The app is testing out different price points ahead of a global release.
Marianne Power has set herself a bizarre challenge to live by the rules of a different self-help guru each month. This month she chose that of Anthony Robbins who charges $1 million to coach private clients. Robbins’ Unleash The Power Within seminar claims to ‘discover how to identify what it is you really want’
After running 150 chemical tests, Dr Arye Shimron says he has linked the James Ossuary – a 1st-century chalk box that some believe hold the bones of Jesus' brother – to the long disputed ‘Jesus Family tomb’ in the city’s East Talpiot neighbourhood. Research could have enormous ramifications as it suggests that Jesus was married, fathered a child and that a physical resurrection did not take place.
Six men accused of fighting for Syrian President Bashar al-Assad beheaded. Allegedly detonated a car bomb in the city of al-Mayadin, eastern Syria. A large crowd gathers to watch the beheadings carried out by a masked Jihadi. Militant says they have been sentenced to death by an Islamic Court for 'waging war on God and his messenger'
Ukip leader Nigel Farage faces claims of a 'cover-up' over secret poll. Poll shows he is on course for humiliating defeat in the General Election. Poll shows he has fallen behind Tory opponent in Kent seat he is contesting. If the poll is accurate, it could end Farage's political career as he has vowed to resign as Ukip leader if he fails to win South Thanet.
Dilapidated model was built in the 1970s but fell into disrepair. It has been restored just in time for the battle's bicentenary this year. The 25sq/m model has 21,500 soldiers and 10,000 horses. It is on display at the Royal Green Jackets Museum in Winchester.
Austin Carey and Jay Rawe were base jumping off Pennine Bridge, Idaho. Pair spiralled 500ft to river bank after parachutes tangled and went wrong. Mr Carey was left in a wheelchair and told he may never walk again. But a year on both men have returned to the sport they love. Mr Carey even retraced his steps to successfully jump from the bridge.
63-year-old former air hostess won £14.5m London mansion from ex-husband. Property was one of five he bought during couple's 14-year marriage. Main marital home had been a £26m 'palatial residence' in Jeddah, Saudi Arabia. But after their divorce, the woman moved into the townhouse, claiming her right to live there as one of their matrimonial homes. Despite her husband's attempts to evict her from the home, the wife has now been allowed to keep it.
Sarah Foot says her affair with open water began on Hampstead Heath. She has taken her to swimming in the North Sea off the coast of Suffolk. She says the most perfect swim of all is in Scotland, off the Hebrides.
The Toni Maticevski show at Mercedes-Benz Fashion Week Australia on Tuesday went above and beyond to impress guests. Each front row guest was given an $899 Lenovo tablet with their gift bag. Jessica Mauboy, Nadia Bartel and Nick Smith were among those who had their tablets stolen from their seats.
Greens senator Christine Milne grilled News Corp Australia CEO Julian Clarke about why the company runs a national newspaper at a multi-million dollar loss. Mr Clarke was peppered with questions about why The Australian newspaper operates as a business when it is not profitable. Earlier, the Australian arms of tech giants Google, Apple and Microsoft were being audited by the Australian Tax Office. Tax Commissioner Chris Jordan refused to reveal the identities of companies suspected of avoiding tax by shifting billions of dollars offshore.
Scientists at UCLA examined the brains of 90 women, 44 of whom took the Pill, and 46 who experienced natural cycles. Found the lateral orbitofrontal cortex and the posterior cigulate cortex were thinner in those women taking the Pill. Could account for increased anxiety and depressive symptoms experienced by some women on the Pill.
America's favorite supermarket, New York-based Wegmans, took first place followed by Publix, Trader Joe's and Fareway Stores. Walmart was rated number 67, the second worst supermarket.
Hassan Munshi and Talha Asmal are believed to have crossed into Syria. The 17-year-olds from Dewsbury, West Yorkshire, are thought to be with ISIS. Hassan is supposedly related to Hammaad Munshi, who was arrested in 2006. Hammaad was sentenced to two years in prison for his role in a brutal murder plot. The boys are from the same town as London 7/7 suicide bomber Mohammed Sidique Khan.
Alabama-born mom-of-two Elisha Wilson Beach, is pictured breastfeeding her daughter in the image. The snap has divided those who've seen it with many criticizing the mother for her unapologetic approach to multi-tasking. Wilson Beach is the wife of TV actor Michael Beach, known for his roles on Sons of Anarchy, Third Watch and ER.
New Yorker Silvia suffered from pica during her third pregnancy. Pica is an eating disorder that makes people crave non-food substances. She is seen picking up tiny rocks from out side of her house.
Martynas Kupstys was on trial for the murder of Ivans Zdanovics. He was mistakenly released from Lincoln Prison in August 2014. Kupstys spent three hours sitting on a bus stop across the road. He also posted a video of himself brandishing a large meat cleaver. Kupstys was this week jailed for life at Lincoln Crown Court.
For a limited time Starbucks will be introducing the S'more Frappuccino which is scheduled to hit stored on Tuesday, April 28. Starbucks says that the drink is inspired by the 'the nostalgic summer experience of roasting s'mores'
National broadcaster NHK said waves were possible on several islands in the southern Okinawa chain. Witnesses said buildings swayed in Taipei but there was no visible damage in the Taiwan capital. The Pacific Tsunami Warning Centre said in a statement that 'based on all the available data... there is no tsunami threat from this earthquake'
Izzat Ibrahim al-Douri was deputy to Saddam when he was deposed. He was ranked sixth on the US military's list of the 55 most-wanted Iraqis after the 2003 invasion of Iraq. Al-Douri was handed over to the authorities today in a glass coffin.
Margaret Tyler, 71, has been collecting royal-themed knick-knacks for 40 years. She now boasts a collection worth £10,000 and fills four rooms in her home. Includes a £1,200 Wedgwood bust of Prince Charles and a £450 Duchess of Cambridge dress.
Since 2008, 994 personnel have been treated for mental health issues after taking Lariam. Major-General Alastair Duncan is currently in a psychiatric unit. He was given the drug before a deployment to Sierra Leone four months ago. Lariam has been banned by the U.S. military due to side effects.
Migrants accused of throwing 12 Christians into Mediterranean sea during crossing. Fight broke out on boat carrying 105 migrants from Libya to Sicily. Police say Muslim passengers threatened Christians after latter declared themselves to be Christians. 15 men arrested on suspicion of'multiple aggravated murder motivated by religious hate'
WARNING: GRAPHIC CONTENT. Christy Mack, 23, was left with 18 broken bones, a ruptured kidney, a ruptured liver, missing teeth, and a fractured rib in August last year. She fled her Las Vegas home to a neighbor's house with MMA fighter Jonathan Paul Koppenhaver, known as War Machine. Nine months on, she is still recovering and has to wear glasses and a wig. She claims Koppenhaver, who has legally changed his name to War Machine, became abusive after they met on a photo shoot.
Stephanie Scott's family have shared a sweet photo of her as a little girl, giggling with her sisters in a bubble bath. The 26-year-old is believed to have been murdered after she disappeared from her workplace, Leeton High School on April 5. Vincent Stanford, 24, has been charged with her murder. A memorial service will take place on Wednesday afternoon in Eugowra in NSW’s central west. 120 guests were preparing to arrive at Stephanie's picturesque wedding venue on April 11.
With temperatures creeping up, let’s celebrate with some ice cream. Why not make your own? The choice of ice cream makers has never been wider. MANDY FRANCIS tried out the best brands on the High Street.
William and Kate are turning their new country bolt hole, Anmer Hall, into a secluded fortress home, far from prying eyes. Anmer is set to become their principal residence over the next few years as William focuses on family and his new flying career. For him, a life of peace and quiet is far preferable to his own pressure-cooker upbringing under the global spotlight.
Russian sailors fitted an old MiG-15 engine with a diffuser, spreading the air over the deck. The tractor then drives up and down the 1,000ft-long deck, blowing all debris overboard. The Kuznetsov is the largest carrier in the Russian Navy, carrying 18 fighter jets and 17 anti-submarine helicopters.
Two continents are linked at Panama, but there has been a debate about when this land bridge first appeared. New study presents evidence that the Panama land bridge formed at least 10 million years earlier.
Scottish National Party has extended lead over Labour, polling shows. Detailed constituency surveys suggest Labour faces an unprecedented wipeout. Jim Murphy, Scottish leader, and Douglas Alexander, chief election strategist, are among those on course to lose their seats.
Brian and Joan Ogden, from Wigan, were on holiday in Benidorm, Spain. They were about to catch a bus to Alicante before flying home when they were robbed. Thief in a purple top reaches into Mr Ogden's pocket while her accomplice attempts to block the view of Mrs Ogden, 78. But the elderly couple weren't fooled and confronted the duo.
Deborah, 43, from Lanarkshire, describes her naturally curly hair as a 'frizz nightmare' The Nanokeratin System Hair Relaxing Treatment promises frizz-free hair for up to four months.
Antibody was designed to block the key viral protein receptor that is needed to infect human blood cells. Patients injected with the neutralising antibody during the trials saw a 300-fold reduction in their viral load. Scientists at Rockefeller University believe the discovery offers new strategies for fighting or preventing HIV infection.
Cruz implied during a conversation with Daily Mail Online on Saturday that if he ascended to the highest elected office he wouldn't make his attorney general enforce federal laws pertaining to marijuana. The position stands in contrast to the views of at least three of his GOP competitors, who last week said that while they believe in states' rights to self-determination, they'd lay the hammer down on Colorado and Washington for flouting federal law. Cruz's stance on the issue presents a problem the politician who has said the'most dangerous' aspect of President Barack Obama's tenure 'has been lawlessness'
Roman Abramovich has bought Tel Aviv’s Varsano Hotel for £17.1m. Chelsea owner is expected to convert the 19th century building into his Israeli home. Varsano Hotel is listed as a preserved building covering 1,500 square metres. Abramovich has been trying to buy a home in the fashionable Neve Tzedek quarter of Tel Aviv since 2008.
Staff deleted records and tampered with evidence to make it look like the customer was never sold PPI. Politicians called for a police investigation into the wrong-doing. Labour's John Mann said those who falsified documents could be guilty of fraud or forgery.
Baltimore Police used surveillance equipment 4,300 times since 2007, a court heard. A detective said officers used a device called Hailstorm, which can identify phones from a 360-degree antenna from about a city block away. Details resemble the original plot of HBO’s hit series The Wire, which featured electronic surveillance of drug dealers.
Vlad Tarasov filmed his journey down the slopes at Boston's largest snow farm located in the city's Seaport District. The one-minute video gives a first-person perspective of pushing through the filthy, trash-filled ice pile. Junk in the filthy snow included rusted lawn chairs, parking cones, broken bottles and even a dead seagull.
Lib Dem leader says there is a'very real danger' Ukip and DUP could hold Mr Cameron to 'ransom' in second hung Parliament. Comes after Mr Farage held out olive branch to the Prime Minister. He said he wanted to work with him to prevent a possible Labour government.
As campaign manager for Clinton's 2000 Senate run, de Blasio said on Sunday it is important for her to define her campaign message. He also said he wants to see her vision for addressing income inequality. 'Not until I see — and again, I would say this about any candidate — until I see an actual vision of where they want to go,' he said.
Chinese team took kite measuring 6,000 metres (3.7 miles) to a kite flying festival. Aimed to break the world record by a massive 1,000 metres. But the dragon-themed kite posed a danger to passing aircraft.
Pleasaunce Cottage in Dormans Park, East Grinstead, was built in the 1880s by RA Briggs, known as Bungalow Briggs. The property has been lovingly maintained to how its first owners intended it in the 19th Century. It has gone on sale for £985,000, with historians eager to put it forward for listing to further protect its heritage.
Emmy-winning TV judge just renewed her TV contract with CBS for another three years. She reportedly earns $47 million a year - the highest paid personality on television. But the 72-year-old admitted she just loves working.
In a new PSA for the Center for Reproductive Rights, the 29-year-old actress reveals that she had to use up every penny of her savings to pay for an abortion.
Izaak Gillen of Oregon City was taken to Randall Children's Hospital on April 6 with the injury and was pronounced dead the next day. No arrests have been made in the incident and investigators are still looking into what led up to Izaak's injury. Justin and Stacy Gillen, the boy's parents, said they are deeply saddened by the loss of their son and that they plan to donate some of his organs.
Experts studied 40 million posts by 1.7 million users on CNN.com, Breitbart.com and gaming site IGN.com. They divided users into those most likely to be banned, called Future-Banned Users (FBUs), and other users dubbed Never-Banned Users (NBUs) The algorithm can recognise a potential troll with an accuracy of 80 per cent by scanning their comments.
A 17-year-old girl arrested after her severely malnourished four-month-old daughter was hospitalized will not face criminal charges. The unidentified teenager is a victim and was released on Monday from juvenile detention into the custody of county child protective services. Police in North Las Vegas are continuing to probe what they have described as a three-generation case of child abuse involving the girl's mother, Kellie Cherie Phillips, 38.
Polish Foreign Minister Grzegorz Schetyna said he expected him to say sorry so the matter can be settled. Poles see themselves as heroes of the war who have never been properly recognized, making comments like Comey's hurt even more.
The megalithic site of Gunung Padang was discovered in 1914. It's nestled among volcanoes 75 miles (120km) south of Jakarta, Indonesia. Geologist Dr Danny Hilman thinks the reason the site is so revered is that it is an ancient pyramid built between 9,000 and 20,000 years ago. He suggests that it may have been built for worship or astronomy.
Dr Sahar Hussain, 53, attacked two workers at Leicester Square station. She was trying to get home after a night out in the West End. But she was refused entry to the station and started ranting at staff. She grabbed Indira Ramsaroop by the arm and Malcolm Shaw by the arms.
Sheldon Nadelman, 80, worked as a bartender at Terminal Bar in Midtown Manhattan from 1973 to 1982. Nadelman's son Stefan has digitized hundreds of photos taken from behind the bar during the 1970s and early 1980s. Terminal Bar closed in 1982 after Nadelman's father-in-law and bar owner Murray Goldman decided a $125,000 year was too expensive.
The Immerse virtual reality headset is available from Firebox for £29.95 ($45) It works with any Android and iOS phone that can run virtual reality apps from the respective stores, and will play any 3D movie. Immerse is fitted with an earphone slot to truly immerse the wearer in whatever they are watching and has adjustable head straps and lenses. Other features include 360 head tracking and an 'ultra-wide field of view' Immerse is available to buy from Firebox and can be shipped internationally.
Margo Sanchez and Stephanie Adamson have been snapping exotic underwater life for nearly a decade. The recent addition of a selfie stick has helped them get incredible shots next to some of the most dangerous sea creatures.
Dutch-led team this week also found jewellery after the plane was downed by a suspected Russian-made BUK missile. In all, 16 containers of fragments of the Malaysia Airlines plane were filled so far this week. MailOnline also found a charred passport of a Malaysian mother killed in the horror.
Emma Dickson was meant to be planning her wedding to her fiance Dougie. But a month before the ceremony she was rushed to hospital with a lung collapse. Doctors told her she had developed blood clots after taking the contraceptive pill. The clots had moved to her lungs and caused a pulmonary embolism. There was also a risk the clot could have travelled to her brain, causing a stroke. Mrs Dickson is now taking blood-thinning medication for the rest of her life to reduce the risk of further clots developing.
The team behind the campaign wrote messages on cardboard boxes. They then photographed them on the streets of London. The campaign hopes to highlight the plight of homeless women. There is currently no government funding for sanitary products.
Clark Elmore was convicted of killing Kristy Ohnstad in Bellingham, Washington. He said she threatened to reveal he had molested her as a child. Elmore eventually admitted killing her in a graphic taped confession. He claimed his rights were violated during the trial because his attorney gave him bad advice and the jury saw him in shackles. The 9th US Circuit Court of Appeals confirmed the Washington Supreme Court's decision was correct.
American expat Brad Reynolds has become the travel website's top contributor. The 38-year-old critiques every hotel, restaurant and landmark he visits. He has posted reviews from 394 cities and 46 countries, with a map on his TripAdvisor profile claiming he has travelled more than 600,000 miles.
Volkswagen's Dr Heinz-Jakob Neusser made the announcement at the New York International Auto Show. No images of the new vehicle have yet been released, but Dr Neusser suggested that battery packs would be hidden under the vehicle's floor. A small electric motor will drive its front wheels, making the new Camper van more environmentally friendly than its predecessor. A concept is expected to be revealed in two to five years’ time.
Obama was responding to Walker's claims that he'd 'absolutely' cancel or 'disown' a deal with Iran on 'day one' if elected to higher office. 'And, you know, perhaps Mr. Walker, after he's taken some time to bone up on foreign policy, will feel the same way,' the president added. Walker fired back at Obama on Twitter, saying, 'Americans would be better served by a President who spent more time working with governors & Congress rather than attacking them'
Using statistics from the Sleep Cycle app, researchers have discovered the earliest wake-up time worldwide is on a Monday in South Africa. While on Tuesdays, Americans rise at 7am and are in the worst mood all week. In terms of national average sleep quality, Slovakia topped the list. The UK was in 45th place, while the US was in 49th.
Parents of young cancer sufferers now expect same treatment as Ashya King. Clinicians in 'impossible situation' after King family's flight to Spain. They disagree with doctors who were treating him in the UK. Parents took him from hospital and fled abroad without telling staff. They then went to Prague for proton beam therapy, ultimately paid for by NHS.
Barry Lyttle could spend up to two years in a Sydney jail after pleading guilty to grievous bodily harm. The 33-year-old punched his brother Patrick in the head during an argument in Kings Cross on January 3. Patrick was found by paramedics in a pool of blood and vomit. He was in a coma for six days and has made a 'fantastic' recovery. The court heard the punch was a'very emotional, spur-of-the-moment' attack.
Airman Andrew Danziger claims to have seen a UFO flying through the sky. He said the alien aircraft initially appeared as a white disc. But the pilot said it changed colour to a 'giant red ball' before vanishing.
Linda MacDonald, 55, was arrested for driving under the influence of alcohol Monday night in Dummerston, Vermont. Police say the woman from Shelburne, Massachusetts was driving drunk around 10:30pm when she ran off Route 5 and crashed her 2011 Toyota Camry into a wooden fence. MacDonald told responding officers that she crashed while talking on the phone and trying to take directions down on a legal note pad in her car.
Charlotte Bevan, 30, came off risperidone before daughter Zaani was born. Powerful drug used to treat illnesses including schizophrenia and bipolar disorder. Four days after birth, she walked out of Bristol maternity hospital. Next day, police found her body two miles away on cliff face of gorge. Newborn Zaani Tiana Bevan Malbrouck was later found close by.
The 25-year-old athlete was found guilty Wednesday of first-degree murder and sentenced to life in prison without the possibility of parole in the 2013 shooting death of Odin Lloyd. A jury panel in Fall River, Massachusetts, spent 36 hours spread over seven days deliberating Hernandez’s fate before returning a guilty verdict. Hernandez will go on trial in Boston later this year in the killings of Daniel Abreu, 29, and Safirdo Furtado, 28. The immigrants from Cape Verde were found murdered in their car at a stop light in South Boston following a drive-by shooting.
Stacey Eden, 23, witnessed a woman berating a Muslim woman for wearing a black headscarf on a Sydney train on Wednesday. The woman allegedly called the couple 'ISIS supporters' and insulted the woman's husband and headscarf. Ms Eden switched on her video camera to record the vile rant before rushing to the couple's defence with a fiery spray. A police spokeswoman contacted Daily Mail Australia on Thursday to say they would 'definitely encourage' witnesses of the incident to come forward.
Ayatollah Hossein Dehnavi is a celebrity preacher in his native Iran. preaches that thinking about another woman while having sex with your wife will make your children gay. Also warns that if women do not wear the hijab properly, they could inadvertently cause some men to become homosexual.
Kim Kardashian shared a snap of her colourful Easter baskets on Instagram. Mariah Carey was seen whipping up chocolate cupcakes late last night. Myleene Klass and Fearne Cotton shared snaps of their egg hunts.
Chimps living in Uganda have learned to look for traffic before crossing roads. Scientists watched 122 chimps cross a busy road in Kibale National Park. It is the first time chimps have been seen to change their behaviour to adapt to busy roads.
Horrified guests dived for cover as the groom's brother lost control of the gun. The 30-second clip, believed to have been filmed with a mobile phone, has been viewed nearly 140,000 times. Firing guns in the air is a traditional way of celebrating special occasions in some parts of Saudi Arabia.
Pete Evans has been slammed by the WA Health Minister Jillian Skinner. She says he is putting people's health at risk with his extreme views. Medical professionals have also slammed the celebrity chef for promoting fluoride-free water. It comes after he revealed his family also steers clear of consuming Australian tap water.
The documents are reportedly signed and will be filed on Monday. Sources tell TMZ the divorce was amicable. They have been using their business managers to work out a settlement agreement involving both property and custody. The Iron Man actress and Coldplay frontman married in December 2003.
Burberry's Christopher Bailey celebrated the launch of his new store in Los Angeles. Over 700 guests, including the Beckham brood, turned out to support him. Bailey has turned Burberry into the world's coolest brand.
Three-year-old Mikaeel Kular was beaten to death by his mother Rosdeep Adekoya. She then hid his body in a suitcase and dumped it in woods in Fife. Review into whether social workers could or should have foreseen circumstances of his death has concluded it 'could not have been predicted' Adekoya was jailed for 11 years last August after pleading guilty to culpable homicide and attempting to defeat the ends of justice.
Tugce Taskin, 26, was killed after the luxury car swerved across a highway. Her friend Adem Kilic, 31, is in a critical condition in hospital. Witnesses said it was a'miracle' the emergency services were able to get anyone out alive.
Mariel Hemingway, 53, has written two revealing books about growing up in a family riddled with depression, alcoholism and suicide. She was born in 1961, just a few months after her grandfather, Ernest Hemingway, killed himself with a double-barreled shotgun. Mariel's elder sister, Margaux, was schizophrenic, diagnosed with bipolar disorder and spent years in mental hospitals. Her mother had cancer and later died from a drug overdose.
Madeline Luciano was fired following an investigation into the incident. She allegedly allowed pupils to write insults on the board about a classmate. But the 40-year-old claims she was actually trying to teach them a lesson.
Sevdet Besim was charged with 'conspiracy to commit acts done in preparation for, or planning, terrorist acts' on Saturday. He is one of two 18-year-old men police arrested for allegedly planning an 'ISIS inspired' attack on an Anzac Day ceremony. The second teenager is still being interviewed by police who plan to charge him with a number of offences related to preparing for and planning terrorist acts and possessing prohibited items. A number of 'edged weapons' - including knives and swords - were seized at some of the properties searched.
Laura Wells has found international success as a size 14 model. She has appeared in Cosmopolitan and Australian Women's Weekly. The 177-centimetre beauty was spotted in New York City by talent scouts in 2005. She said she felt insulted the first time she was asked to be a plus-sized model because of her misconceptions about the term.
Shadow chancellor said he was 'unequivocal' that he would not allow SNP to dictate a deal at England's expense. Ed Miliband has insisted Labour will not form a coalition with the SNP. But he stopped short of dismissing a looser arrangement that could prop up a Labour administration.
Steve Miller has put forward a strict five-point plan he thinks will work wonders. The former Fat Families star is an advocate of constructive fat shaming. Steve believes these interventions could save the country and the NHS millions.
San Francisco Police Chief Greg Suhr announced Friday that he has asked a police oversight committee to approve firing the officers. He called the texts 'despicable' and says those who sent them 'clearly fall below the minimum standards required to be a police officer' The offensive texts were uncovered after federal corruption charges were brought against former sergeant Ian Furminger, who was sentenced to 41 months in prison last month.
The Securities and Exchange Commission announced the deal Wednesday, saying the thermal-imaging company earned more than $7 million in profits from sales influenced by the gifts. The commission said two employees in FLIR's Dubai office gave luxury watches to five officials with the Saudi Arabia Ministry of Interior in 2009. The company also arranged travel for Saudi officials, including a 20-night trip with stops in Beirut, Casablanca, Dubai, New York and Paris.
US Department of the Treasury officials insist the $20 Double Eagles were stolen from the US Mint in Philadelphia before the 1933 series was melted down. Joan Langbord and her sons found the valuables in a bank deposit box for her father Israel Switt, a Philadelphia jeweler, in 2003. A jury in 2012 sided with the government, but an appeals court overturned that decision on Friday. The coins were never released to the public after President Franklin Delano Roosevelt switched the US off the gold standard.
Many teenagers are tempted to try e-cigarettes, but few become regular users. Cardiff University study found most of those teens who do try e-cigarettes are also smokers. This suggests young people are not using the electronic alternatives to try and quit their habits - nor are they getting hooked after initially trying them.
The Office of the Schools Adjudicator criticised the Oratory School in London. The state-funded school was ordered to revise its admissions policy. Watchdog accused the school of cherry-picking privileged white children. But a High Court Judge branded the decision 'flawed' and 'unreasonable'
Aqib Talib and his brother are being investigated for aggravated assault. During 2011 incident, Talib and his mother were accused of shooting a gun at his sister's live-in boyfriend in Garland, Texas. Police falsely reported Talib had been arrested for throwing bottles last June during an NFL camp afterparty.
The Duchess of Cornwall has created a buzz with the launch of her own honey. Just 250 jars are being produced, at £20 each, with proceeds going to charity. Sales of high-end versions are up by 45 per cent at Selfridges since last year.
Kestutis Martuzevicius repeatedly stalled efforts to extradite him. 52-year-old is wanted for 22 crimes in Lithuania, including two murders. Spind out legal battle by insisting he was mentally ill, leaving British public to foot bill. European Court of Human Rights rules alleged killer should be put on plane home.
A man out walking his dog found a clutch of cocktail sausages laced with poison. The sausages were found on the Cuckoo Trail in Hailsham, West Sussex. Sussex Police have warned dog owners to be aware when out walking their animals.
Dashcam footage shows Arizona cop mounting sidewalk and running into suspect. Mario Valencia, 36, is seen walking along street in Marana with a rifle. Officer Michael Rapiejko overtakes his car, before speeding toward him. Seconds later, his vehicle mounts the curb and smashes into the suspect's body. Local police chief Terry Rozema spoke out on Wednesday to defend his officer and argue that deadly force was necessary. 'That very well may be... that it's luck that he is still alive. The fact of the matter remains, though, deadly force was authorized,' he said
Eurocamp's Safari tents are more luxurious than an average canvas tent. Everything is in situ, so no worrying about whether you've forgotten your tent. L'Ardéchoise site in the stunning Ardche region in south central France.
The 84-year-old was helping her husband park when he drove into her. She suffered serious head injuries, as well as various broken bones. Onlooker said the woman was 'covered in blood'
Darlene Feliciano, 27, was out on the Makapuu 'Tom-Tom' trail overlooking Sea Life Park along Kalanianaole Highway in Oahu, Hawaii. Feliciano was found unresponsive about 500 feet below a hole in the trail known locally as The Puka. Her 29-year-old companion had to be rescued from the trail but did not suffer any injuries.
Carwyn Scott-Howell, of Talybont-on-Usk, Wales, died in Flaine, France. He was on holiday with his mother, nine-year-old sister and brother, 19. It is thought he may have entered dense woodland to get to his hotel. His family said his death had left them feeling 'utter devastation' with a 'vast void in our hearts'
Coles has been ordered to pay $2.5 million in penalties after lying to shoppers about the freshness of its bread. In June, It's ‘made today, sold today’ slogan, was deemed misleading by the Federal Court. It was slammed with a three-year ban to no longer promote its bread as baked on the day it is sold or made from fresh dough. The falsified fresh bread has generated a revenue of about $300 million for Coles.
Prasanna 'Nick' Arulchelvam chased the thieves after they broke into his van. He jumped through the side door but was pushed out and hit the ground. Michael McInerney was jailed for 11 years after admitting pushing Mr Prasanna. Patrick and James O’Driscoll were jailed for manslaughter last year. McInerney's cousin was given a 12-year sentence on appeal last month.
Photographs show four men being interviewed by ISIS militants in Mosul. All of the men wear beards without moustaches in style associated with Islamist beliefs and their military-style clothing suggests victims may have been fighters themselves. Huge crowds are seen in the streets, with bloodthirsty young fathers jostling for position to get a better view of the savage scene.
More than 7.8 million people live in the UK, according to United Nations data. Britain, Germany, France and Spain also have high numbers of immigrants. U.S. has most immigrants with 45 million while Russia has more than 11 million.
The disused Rhondda Tunnel runs 1,000 feet beneath the Welsh hills. It was closed as part of the Beeching cutbacks, a project which spelled the end for thousands and stations across the rail network. But engineers are due to visit the 3,148m tunnel next week to see whether it is safe to use as a cycle route. It would also mean cyclists could retrace the route where steam locomotives carried coal from the Rhondda Valley to the port city of Swansea.
The Randolph, in Oxford city centre, went up in flames this afternoon. Smoke was seen billowing from the roof as firefighters battled to bring inferno under control. Five-star hotel includes the Morse Bar, named after being used as a frequent setting for many scenes where Morse and Lewis deliberated. No-one was believed to be injured and guests and staff evacuated to nearby theatre.
Jamie Silvonek, 14, is charged as an adult with homicide and criminal conspiracy. Her boyfriend, Caleb Barnes, 20, who is from El Paso, Texas, but was stationed at Fort Meade, Maryland, is charged with homicide. Cheryl Silvonek's body was found with stab wounds in a shallow grave about 50 miles northwest of Philadelphia.
The 2015 Australian Fashion Report has named and shamed some of the worst Aussie clothing brands and companies. Lowes, Industrie, Best & Less and the Just Group were identified as some of the worst performing companies. Amongst the best performers were Etiko, Audrey Blue, Cotton On, H&M and Zara. The report assessed the labour rights management systems of 59 companies and 219 brands operating in Australia.
Video shows two of the £126million jets approaching RAF Lossiemouth. First of the aircraft blasted them with the thrust from its engines. As the second jet disappeared from view the video camera was knocked sideways.
Medical records reveal Dante Gabriel Rossetti's muse Fanny Cornforth died penniless. The West-Sussex born model and mistress of Rossetti died in 1909. She was suffering from'senile mania, confusion, weak-mindedness and an inability to sustain a rational conversation' Her biographer tracked her down through hospital records and laid flowers at her unmarked grave.
Scott Keyes, a 28-year-old writer for Think Progress, is about to travel 20,000miles on 21 flights. Along the way he will be stopping by 13 countries in Europe and South and North America while enjoying first class service. In the end he spent somewhere between 10 and 15 hours putting the entire trip together, which also includes free hotels, at a cost of 136,500 frequent flyer miles.
Neil Patrick Harris and David Burtka's four-year-old twins love seafood, sushi, octopus, grilled pork, steak, Parmesan cheese, and spices.
An oil leak at the plant in Zhangzhou, Fujian province, sparked the blaze. It took 177 fire engines and 829 firefighters to bring the blaze under control. The plant manufactures paraxylene, or PX, a chemical used for producing fibers. Exposure to the chemical can cause eye, nose and throat irritation.
Amjadaq Yaub stumbled on the barbaric scene shortly after the terrorists beat him unconscious when they burst into his family home at the camp in the Syrian capital Damascus. The schoolboy said the ISIS fighters were looking for his brother, who is a member of the Palestinian rebel group who ran and defended the camp for several years before ISIS carried out a bloody assault that has left more than 200 people dead in just seven days. His story was revealed as refugees in Yarmouk spoke of the daily atrocities they have witnessed since ISIS seized control of 90 per cent of the camp.
Cecil Hamilton-Miller was part of team that prosecuted guards at notorious concentration camp. He arrived at Bergen-Belsen shortly after its liberation in 1945. Mr Hamilton-Miller's family had no idea of his role in the camp's liberation. A photograph shows him watching as camp commander Josef Kramer, known as The Beast of Belsen, is marched to his death at gunpoint.
Jayson McDonald was found hiding under a bed in Amsterdam. Paul Monk was captured at his luxury villa in Alicante on Spanish coast. They were arrested as part of Operation Captura, a drive launched in 2006.
David Cameron appeared weary with bags under his eyes and disheveled hair. In one day this week the Tory leader travelled to all four home nations. He has also had to wade into a number of arguments, defending outspoken ministers.
Minister of State for External Affairs V.K. Singh, who is spearheading the rescue exercise, found himself in the thick of a controversy over an unsavoury remark made against the media. The former army chief is currently staying in Djibouti for over a week spearheading Operation Rahat. The Broadcast Editors’ Association found the tweet to be offensive.
Meter Maids were the brainchild of Gold Coast developer Bernie Elsey. He introduced the initiative to stave off the bad publicity associated with newly installed parking meters. But local business owners say the group is no longer performing a public service. They believe Meter Maids are violating council's anti-touting laws by spruiking branded merchandise. But Meter Maids general manager Michael Yarwood said the chamber of commerce was taking 'a terribly ill-informed position'
Joseph O'Riordan, 73, stabbed his wife Amanda eight times. He discovered she had been having an affair with a postman. She was left with life-threatening injuries to her torso, chest, arms and back. O'Riordan rang an ambulance after the attack in October last year. While on remand, he wrote to his wife asking her to 'get my things together'
Samantha Simmonds, 42, took some time off work to spend with her children. But the break turned into a string of tantrums and bickering, she said. In a blog post, she also describes ‘working mum guilt’
Five-month-old Elijah McCrae died peacefully in his mother's arms on Monday. He was diagnosed with fatal genetic disease Type 1 Spinal Muscular Atrophy. His parents, Jessica and Andrew, created a 30-item 'bucket list' for him. The list included a trip to the Sydney Royal Easter Show. Hours later, Elijah died in his mother's loving arms.
Boeing is showing off its roomier overhead luggage bins on 737 planes. The ‘Space Bins’ can hold 50 per cent more carry-on luggage than existing compartments on the current fleet of 737s. The bins have been tested by a group of ‘frequent fliers’ who were hand-picked by Boeing.
Jacob Phillips, 23, was on a night out with friends in Penarth, South Wales. He took a taxi home but didn't have enough money to pay the fare. The driver gave chase and Mr Phillips ran off into the 'pitch black' He was found the next day on the rocky beach by a dog walker.
Latvian firm Drive eO is developing a one megawatt electric race car. Vehicle, dubbed eO PP03, runs on 50 kWh lithium-ion battery pack. It produces 1020 kW (1368 horsepower) and speeds up to 160 mph (260 km/h) The car is set to compete in the Pikes Peak International Hill Climb.
Zoe Hadley had been battling an undiagnosed illness since the age of 13. She was found dead at a hotel in Putney, south west London last year. Inquest at Westminster Coroners Court heard how her parents struggled to treat her condition. Inquest heard how doctors could find no physical cause for her illness. The 19-year-old also suffered from psychosis but hid condition from doctors. For confidential support call the Samaritans in the UK on 08457 90 90 90, visit a local Samaritans branch or click here for details.
Bernadette Forde was found dead in her wheelchair in June 2011. The 51-year-old had recorded her'suicide note' saying she couldn't live. Gail O'Rorke, 43, has pleaded not guilty to helping Ms Forde die. She is accused of helping Ms Forde travel to the Dignitas clinic in Switzerland. The trial is the first of its kind to take place in Ireland.
The average shoe size in the UK has risen from a dainty 412 in 1900 to a roomy six today. But fascinatingly, just like Kate, lots of stars from Elle Macpherson to Gwyneth Paltrow have surprisingly huge feet.
Leanne Bourne, from Romford, Essex, was left heartbroken by the affair. But it turned out to be her younger sister Larissa Knipe who was pregnant. Larissa gave birth to her son Logun in August 2011. Leanne's partner Steve Allsop then moved out of her home and in with her sister. Leanne says she is still struggling to come to terms with what happened.
Islamic State have launched their own social media rules to censor coverage of recent defeats in Iraq and Syria. Senior commanders appear keen to eradicate any hint of problems within the group's territory. The media crackdown appears to be an attempt by ISIS senior commanders to eradicate any knowledge of the extremist group's defeats or internal problems.
Daisy Goodwin was never affected by head lice when she was younger. She only got them for the first time when she was 19. She has suffered with them almost 100 times since then. Daisy says you can win the battle but you can never win the war.
The federal government will give Shoshana Hebshi $40,000 as compensation for being humiliated on the 10th anniversary of the 9/11 terrorist attacks. Armed agents forced her from a plane at Detroit Metropolitan Airport, made her undress during a search and held her for hours. Frontier Airlines, the Transportation Security Administration and Wayne County Airport Authority were named in the federal lawsuit.
Peter Reece, his fiancee, mother and six-month-old daughter were parked on an Ocean Shores, Washington, beach on Thursday when the tide came in. The wheels of the car sunk into the wet sand, so they were unable to move. Reece and his fiancee got out of the car, but his mother and daughter were trapped inside. Ocean Shores police arrived on scene, finding Reece in the car with his mother and six-month-old baby. Officer Kyle Watson had to force the door to the car open because the car had sunken so far into the wet sand. They were only about 20
Female crews representing Oxford and Cambridge universities rowed the same stretch of the River Thames in London. Oxford claimed their fourth win in five years in a supreme show of strength in the 161st men's boat race. President Constantine Louloudis claimed a fourth and final boat race victory for the Dark Blues. Women breezed past Cambridge on their historic first battle on The Tideway course, their male counterparts made it a Dark Blue double.
Three teenagers have been charged with the vicious bashing of a father and his daughter on the streets of NSW. The attackers, two aged 15 and one aged 14, were arrested by Crimestoppers on Friday. Tibor Racsits, 42, had gone to pick up his daughter Kiara from the movies at Charlestown Square in Newcastle, north of Sydney, on Sunday night. Vision of the disturbing attack showed Mr Racsits being dragged across the road by at least three young men before being kicked in the stomach and head. The father and his daughter were treated at the scene for minor injuries, but Mr Racsits is undergoing
Stars like Kate Hudson, Pharrell Williams and Gwen Stefani have all seemingly discovered the fountain of youth. FEMAIL rounds up the celebrities whose faces haven't changed for at least 10 years.
Phillip and Gaby Beckle-Raymond bought their home five years ago for £325,000. They used the rest of their savings to start a family with their two young children. When they sprung a small leak in part of the roof, they called in a builder. He recommended they re-tile the roof at a cost of about £3,000. But after removing all the tiles, he then told them that the roof structure was unsound so he wouldn't be able to re-tile. Instead, they were left in an unsafe building with no roof while they ran off with £17,000 of their money
The modern-day Martin Burgess Clock B is based on design by John Harrison. He thought up to solve the problem of determining longitude at sea in 18th century. It has been part of a 100-day trial at the Royal Observatory, in Greenwich. When measured it was reading UTC time to within a quarter of a second. Clock has since been certified by Guinness World Records.
New poster campaign shows Sturgeon manipulating a puppet Labour leader. Tory chairman Grant Shapps said: ‘The only way that Ed Miliband might crawl through the gates of No10 now is if he’s carried there by the SNP' Comes as Sturgeon uses article in Scottish Mail on Sunday to claim that she can help ‘lead the UK’
Jack Cordero, 14, vomited all over floor of a Powell's bookstore in Portland. Manager said the mess was 'gigantic' and had to clean it up. But her spirits were raised when she received handwritten apology. It was signed 'Jack, aka the kid that puked right next to the bathroom'
The last ten years have seen a steep incline in the amount of visitors. About 1.5 million cruise tourists arrive via bus from Livorno and La Spezia each year, staying in Florence for just a couple of hours. As many as 100,000 native Florentines have left the city to escape traffic and high property prices.
The 'yes means yes' law was first passed in California in 2014. In Connecticut, state officials are now considering the adoption of a similar 'yes means yes' bill.
Nyia Parler, 41, was taken into custody by authorities in Montgomery County, Maryland overnight Saturday on charges including aggravated assault. Police say she traveled to Maryland from Pennsylvania either last Sunday or Monday after leaving her 21-year-old wheelchair-bound son in a wooded park with nothing but a blanket and a Bible. Parler's son, who is non-verbal and suffers from cerebral palsy, was found on Friday night lying beneath a rain-soaked blanket and a pile of leaves on the ground. Officials said the son, who has not been identified, would have died if he had not been spotted by people
Philip and Victoria Sherlock have been living out of their car for three months. Philip lost his job as a £400 a week gardener following a stomach operation. The couple then lost their benefits and were forced to live in their car. Philip, 42, has now started work as a stock manager at a specialist re-surfacing company.
Hernandez played in the Super Bowl in 2012 and signed a five-year, $40million contract with the New England Patriots. He had a baby girl and a $1.5million mansion in the Boston suburbs. After his father died, he had no one in his life to keep in on the straight and narrow. He maintained a gang affiliation and carried a gun everywhere he went, according to a 2013 Rolling Stone article. He also became increasingly paranoid and carried a gun everywhere he went, it was claimed.
Slipper Island has been purchased by Chinese millionaire Wendy Wei Mei Wu. The 217 hectare landmass is located 4 km off the coast of the New Zealand's North Island. The sale has divided the family who own the island, with some claiming it represents the loss of the family's legacy. Ms Wu made headlines in 2010 for making the biggest private home sale of the year, the $NZ 15 million Fairholm Mansion in the Auckland suburb of Remuera.
Stacey Johnson, 22, was diagnosed with an inoperable brain tumour in 2007. She has since undergone chemotherapy and radiotherapy. In December 2014, she was told her tumour had grown. Her sister Dannii, now 20, was diagnosed with a brain tumour. She had been feeling ill and had suffered headaches, so went to her doctor. She was shocked to discover she too had a growth in her brain. Both sisters were born with neurofibromatosis type 1 - a condition that causes benign lumps and bumps.
A brazen thief has allegedly taken a diamond engagement ring from Christine Davidson just days before she passed away on Thursday. The 61-year-old was diagnosed with terminal brain cancer in 2001 and told she only had between nine months to three years to live. Her family claims the ring was 'forcefully removed and stolen' from her finger at an Adelaide nursing home just days before she passed away. The family has launched a desperate online appeal in a bid to have their mother's ring returned.
Clarence David Moore, 66, escaped from a North Carolina prison as a 23-year-old inmate in June 1972. He was serving a sentence of more than 10 years for larceny when he broke free. Moore called the Franklin County Sheriff's Office in Kentucky on Monday and admitted to being a fugitive.
Adrian Schaffner filmed himself descending the ski runs of Minschuns in Val Mstair. Perched on his shoulders looking entirely at ease is his dog Sintha. The Appenzeller mix appears to be enjoying the sensation of speed. After a long ski to the bottom, the dog jumps from his shoulders and onto the ground.
More than half of Scots plan to back the SNP in the general election. SNP leader Nicola Sturgeon has been buoyed by series of TV debates. But only 24% of Scots planning to vote for Ed Miliband in May 7 election.
President Barack Obama became the first president to visit Jamaica since President Ronald Reagan in 1982 on Thursday. Jamaican Prime Minister Portia Simpson Miller told President Obama she loved him, and she loved him as well. The prime minister also asked Obama to exonerate black nationalist leader Marcus Garvey, who was convicted in the U.S. of mail fraud in the 1920s.
Trevor Noah has moved on to become a US TV star, and he left behind a stunning South African physiotherapist to pursue his American dream. The new host of The Daily Show has separated from long term girlfriend Dani Gabriel after the pair had a heart to heart about his future plans. A source close to Noah told Daily Mail Online: 'Dani is an ex-girlfriend. They decided to go their separate ways and are not together anymore, they split a few months ago but are still friends' Despite the split Gabriel is still right behind Noah as he takes over from Jon Stewart in the biggest seat in world comedy.
Patrick Morrison raped his mentally-disabled niece Sabrina Morrison in March 2007 when she was just 13. After she told a teacher, authorities performed a rape kit on her but they did not collect a blood sample because they thought she was lying. For the next four years, he continued to assault her and she got pregnant. But because of physical complications, he threatened to kill her if she told anyone about the assaults. Finally, four years after the initial attack, the case was re-opened and deputies gathered the blood sample from Morrison. The following year, he was arrested. Her rape was among
Lily Sharp decided to amuse herself by pranking her own mother. She began by convincing her mother she had been kidnapped. Lily then played on her mother's fears by pretending the intruder had her phone. She then demanded a ransom of £4000 before revealing it was a trick.
Vin Los, 24, gained notoriety last year for his face and chest tattoos, which include the names of cities like Baghdad, San Francisco, New York, and Kuala Luampur. The Montreal-based model has now landed a campaign for underwear brand Garon Model.
Jill Scott was sent off during the Women's Super League clash. The England international reacted angrily to a challenge by Arsenal defender Jade Bailey. Scott was dismissed after the break as City fell to a 1-0 reverse.
Former Olympic swimmer Eamon Sullivan got engaged on a trip to Japan. He proposed to girlfriend Naomi Bass beneath a cherry blossom tree. The couple met in Perth in 2011, and Sullivan proposed to Bass two weeks ago.
The Apple Watch is available in 24 karat gold, rose gold or platinum. The watch is also adorned with a one carat diamond plus hundreds of other smaller diamonds in the strap, if you choose. Another version of the watch comes with crocodile leather. The watches are part of Goldgenie's Apple Watch Spectrum Collection and are available to pre-order now.
Poets House is a swish new hotel in genteel Ely, a three-minute walk from the cathedral. There are 21 rooms, all with copper standalone baths placed near luxurious double beds.
Hector Valles, 25, was pulled from his burning SUV by Mesquite, Texas Police Officers Ryan Nielson and Autumn Soto. Valles' clothes had begun to burn as the officers unpinned him from the car and pulled him down onto the interstate service road. Moments later, while Nielson and Soto were still dragging Valles across the pavement, the fire in his SUV erupted ever further.
Feral rabbits, which are deemed a pest in NSW, are liekly to br targeted with the Calicivirus, also known as Rabbit haemorrhagic disease (RHD) in May. It comes after over 30 government bodies scattered carrots laced with calicivirus around public areas in March. Pet owners are being urged to vaccinate their domestic rabbits, but Mr Wilson assured the virus does not harm cats, dogs or humans.
The Ultimate Collection outsold Ed Sheeran, James Bay and Sam Smith. It is the first time he has topped the chart since 1990's The Rhythm of the Saints. Simon is currently on his On Stage Together world tour with Sting.
Sarah Watson, 34, was falsely accused of trying to extort £100,000 from footballer. The fling turned into a nightmare after she found herself falsely accused. High Court has since overturned a gagging order against Ms Watson. She claims Rojo and his representatives were behind a plot to frame her.
Johanna Powell was travelling on the Mekong river in Laos with friends. Boat hit a rock in a stretch of rapids and sank 'within a minute' Passengers and crew swam to safety but Ms Powell disappeared under water. Emergency services launched a massive search, covering 20km of the river. A body has now been recovered, but it has not yet been identified.
Cadbury has snatched two chocolate Fingers from its famous packs. Latest evidence of how brands are cutting back on pack sizes without price cut. Shoppers subject to stealth price rises in what economists call'shrinkflation' Price at Sainsbury's has risen from £1 to £1.50 over past year, but down at Tesco.
Bryan Stow was attacked by two men outside the LA Dodgers' stadium. The father-of-two was left severely brain damaged following the attack. He was kept in a medically induced coma for several months to aid his recovery. The San Jose Giants promised Mr Stow he would pitch the opening game.
TV presenter Guy Martin wrote a review of an Aston Martin Vanquish. The £203,000 supercar was tested on the Isle of Man's TT course. He claimed he reached 180mph as he entered the village of Sulby. The village is part of the annual Isle of Man TT race and has a 40mph speed limit. Police have confirmed they are looking into the incident.
Kim Sears and Andy Murray will tie the knot in Dunblane Cathedral tomorrow. The bride is expected to be the centre of attention on her big day. But her mother Judy, 55, has spent months planning her outfit. Leonore Sears, 53, has long been admired by those on the tennis circuit.
Jerry Tarkanian complained of pain in his legs and was taken to University Medical Center of Southern Nevada at 4am on Friday. His parents, Danny and Amy, said he's undergoing testing and is showing signs of improvement. The family said the boy has never had health issues and is conscious and moving around better since the stroke.
Labour leader vows to set up Home Office task force to tackle exploitation. A new unit of 100 staff would work with the Gangmasters Licensing Authority. Nigel Farage and Tory Immigration Minister James Brokenshire dismissed Mr Miliband's ideas and said he was doing nothing to control immigration.
The second Topshop and Topman store is set to open in Westfield Miranda. Cheyenne Tozzi and Home and Away's 'River Boy' Nic Westaway will host the launch. The 100 square metre store will stock over 180 new styles from London each week.
Jin Pai, 35, was standing on the rim of a toilet when it collapsed. Airport officials said he had not wanted to let his bottom touch the seat. But he was caught out when the porcelain toilet tipped over and shattered. He received several dozens stitches on his left leg and buttocks.
Heather Mack and her baby received a personal visit from a government minister. Yasona Laoly, Indonesia’s Justice and Human Rights Minister, called in unexpectedly at Kerobokan Prison, where the 19-year-old is caring for baby Stella. He checked on the conditions in her cell, which she shares with eight other prisoners. Mack, from Chicago, could spend 15 years in jail for the murder of her mother, 62-year-old socialite Sheila von Wiese-Mack.
A crowd of students from Northwest Prep Academy descended on a gas station in Memphis, Tennessee on Monday. Orden Williams Jr. ended up covered in bruises because of the unprovoked attack, and his baby was also almost hit by the teens. Police arrested Joe Brittman, 19, on Wednesday for aggravated riot, simple assault and vandalism.
Wiley Bridgeman, 60, and Kwame Ajamu, 57, were awarded the money on Friday by the Ohio Court of Claims. The brothers served a collective 66 years in prison for the murder of Cleveland businessman Harry Franks in 1975. Last year, the three men were exonerated after the case against them fell apart when the prosecution's key witness recanted his testimony as an adult.
TV chef, 35, appears with pet cat Kimchi in Puss Puss magazine. Feast includes bowls of caviar and salmon roe and seafood sculpture. Says pet cat 'loves anything crunchy, so if there are poppadoms she just takes it'
Tony Morris QC is mounting a landmark legal challenge against Queensland's speed-camera laws. Mr Morris says he wasn't driving when his Volvo was photographed doing 57km/h in a 50km/h zone last year. But he won't say who was behind the wheel. He invoked a spousal privilege case from 1817, arguing it's unconstitutional for a Queensland court to fine him when there's evidence he was not the driver.
A 16-year-old who was born a girl but identifies as a boy has been granted the opportunity to go through male puberty. The teen has been taking puberty blockers for a year and has worn a boy’s uniform for two years. A child wishing to change gender has to apply to the Family Court for the second stage of gender changing treatment.
Luke Shambrook was last seen leaving Candlebark Campground in Fraser National Park, central Victoria at 9.30am on Good Friday. The 11-year old was camping in the national forest with his family. It is understood he wandered off and has not been seen since. Luke has limited speech and his family says he is probably confused, and he may not even be aware he is lost.
Labour has been accused of 'utter hypocrisy' after it emerged interns are paid just £4 per day for 12-hour shifts. An email sent by Toby Perkins, deputy chairman of Labour election campaign, revealed that interns are paid just £25 per week for working 12-hour days. The party is trying to get around the problem by saying the interns will be paid nothing at all.
Researchers have combined long-term data with climate model projections. They were able to predict the abundance and distribution of UK's fish. From this they predicted the abundance and distribution of popular fish. This included haddock, plaice and lemon sole as the North Sea warms. As a result UK fisheries will need to replace current species with those that prefer warmer water such as red mullet and John dory.
Kazi Islam, 18, sent messages to Harry Thomas, 19, using 'cake' as a codeword. Thomas failed to understand ruse and replied: 'Cake? U mean the b o m b', jury told. Old Bailey told Islam also encouraged Thomas to buy parts for a bomb. Pair met at Barking and Dagenham College in October 2013 after Thomas confided in Islam about a break-up with his girlfriend.
Dave Rickard, 72, and his wife Brenda, 67, were on holiday in Caernarfon. Their West Highland terrier Daisy fell 10ft from a quay into the sea. She was pulled from the water by a passing fisherman on a boat. Mr Rickard and his wife gave her mouth-to-mouth to save her life.
Jarret Stoll, 32, was arrested on Friday at the MGM Grand Hotel in Las Vegas on drug possession charges. The longtime boyfriend of Dancing With The Stars host Erin Andrews, 36, was reportedly found with cocaine and Molly in his swim trunks. He was booked into the Clark County Detention Center and released on $5,000 bond. Stoll was previously engaged to actress and model Rachel Hunter, the former wife of Rod Stewart.
Peter Morris was devastated when his sister, Claire, died in a car crash. He believed she had died in a tragic accident in Aberdeen, Scotland, in 1994. It took two decades for the truth to be revealed - she had been murdered. Malcolm Webster was jailed for life after being found guilty of murder. Last year Claire's story was turned into an ITV drama starring Sheridan Smith.
The woman was watching the Pittsburgh Pirates take on the Chicago Cubs. She was making her way back to her seat during the second inning. Ball was hit behind by the Cubs' Starlin Castro and careered into her head. There was a net in place but, as she was standing so close, she was hit because of the slack. The horrifying incident caused a 22-minute delay in the game as EMTs treated the fan. She was then transported to hospital having reportedly regained consciousness. Her condition is currently unknown.
A man was caught on video savagely beating an elderly truck driver along the side of Route 95 near Baltimore, Maryland. The aggressor is seen on video as he throws and punches the old man along the side of Route 95. The truck driver tried to ward off his attacker, even swinging what appears to be a tire iron at one point, but still the beating continued.
Natalie Swindells, 26, eats four bowls of the cereal every day. The bank worker stopped eating most other foods from the age of two. She consumes fewer than half of the recommended 2,000 calories for women.
The case was dismissed with a court order stating that it did not have the jurisdiction to force the kids, son Hermes, 8, and daughter Helena, 5, to come back to the United States. Rutherford, 46, claims her children were illegally deported to France when a California Court awarded custody to her ex-husband Daniel Giersch, 40. Giersch, who is a German citizen residing in France, was deported from the U.S. over allegations of visa fraud. Rutherford argued her case in a New York court on March 18, but the appeal court shut down her plea and ordered the original order to remain
Peter Kelly and a friend were fishing on the Minnesota side of the St Croix River on Tuesday when they heard three men being loud and rude. They asked the men to quieten down and the argument escalated. One of the men pulled out a knife and stabbed Kelly in the chest, killing him. Authorities are still searching for the three men who fled the scene. Kelly and his wife have four sons and a daughter under the age of nine.
Pictures were posted on Twitter by anti-ISIS group Raqqa is Being Slaughtered Silently. Group founder Abu Ibrahim Raqqawi wrote: 'Lines waiting for some food. Yes this is the ISIS State. Hunger, poverty and homelessness'
The Channel Islands are celebrating 70 years since the end of World War II. The islands have never before combined to stage a big event. Liberation Day will turn St Peter Port and Jersey into swirls of people and music.
The leaders of places with names like Molossia, Westarctica, Vikesland and Broslavia are coming together at the Anaheim Central Library for MicroCon 2015. MicroCon 2015 has been dubbed the first North American gathering of micronations. Most of their citizens have a population of less than 10.
Frederic Brandt, 65, was found hanged at his home in Coral Gables, Florida. Mourners said he was 'hurt' by a TV show that parodied his appearance. 'To be parodied this way must have hurt,' said Edith Newman, a friend for 30 years. 'We will never know if the show pushed him over the edge. No one had any idea that he was depressed. It is just so sad,' said another friend.
Football-mad Logan Kehoe, 13, was having a final dip in the pool. He died in what Spanish police have described as an 'accidental drowning' Emergency services dashed to the pool on Saturday afternoon. Despite paramedics performing CPR on Logan, they were unable to save him.
Ukip leader has resorted to traditional campaign methods to get out the vote. Mr Farage was out in Thanet South today after polls showed he had fallen behind Tories. Comes after the Prime Minister and his Lib Dem deputy Nick Clegg were also snapped posing with mothers and their babies.
Liftoff of the 208ft (63 metre) tall Falcon 9 rocket was scheduled for 4:33pm EDT/2033GMT from Cape Canaveral Air Force Station in Florida. But poor weather conditions meant the countdown was halted at the 2 1/2-minute mark. The company will now attempt to launch the uncrewed Falcon 9 rocket from Cape Canaveral, in Florida, at 4:10 pm ET tomorrow. If the weather holds out, SpaceX is hoping to guide the bottom stage of the rocket upright onto a platform in the Atlantic Ocean. On board the Dragon capsule is an experimental espresso machine intended for International Space Station astronaut Samantha Cristoforetti
Shona Banda, 37, has said she will continue to fight for custody of her 11-year-old son after Kansas authorities placed the boy into protective custody. Possible charges include possession of marijuana with intent to distribute, possession of drug paraphernalia and child endangerment. Banda wrote a book that detailed how she used cannabis oil to treat her debilitating Crohn's disease.
Code has only been spotted in East Kilbride, Lanarkshire, Scotland. Police urged anyone who has seen it to call them on 101. But officers stressed message was for crime prevention guidance.
Anil Saxena uses ingenious retouching to create pictures of anything from a woman hanging a zebra's stripes on the line to dry to a pair of hands knitting a green field. He prides himself on his digital manipulation techniques, saying: 'If the image is a success but my work goes unnoticed, I'm doing my job well'
Art and photography community, BoredPanda have created a thread encouraging parents to showcase their 'true nerdy colours' They have encouraged parents to upload images of their babies showcasing their parents' 'true colors' Dressed as sci-fi movies, books, TV shows and comic books.
Cessna 414 crashed near Bloomington, Illinois, shortly after midnight on Tuesday. Illinois State associate coach Torrey Ward, meat processing business owner Scott Bittner and bar owner Terry Stralow have been confirmed as among the dead. The other three occupants were Jason Jones, Andy Butler and Tom Hileman. ISU's deputy director of athletics for external affairs, Aaron Leetch, was also killed in the crash about two miles away from Central Illinois Regional Airport.
Cody the Havana cob got stuck in a ditch in south London last Friday. It took 18 firefighters an hour-and-a-half to free the ginger horse. Owner Tracey Hannant, from Bexley, said Cody looked like Black Beauty.
The 22-year-old was just 20 months old when Kurt Cobain committed suicide. In candid interview, she also reveals why she thought her father shot himself 21 years ago today.
Tommy Connolly hadn't seen his teenage cousin in 10 years when she added him on Facebook in December. The 23-year-old Sunshine Coast University student was enjoying semester break and training hard in the hope of representing Australia as a champion sprinter. He messaged his 17-year-old cousin Angela* to see how she was doing and soon found out she was homeless, illiterate and 32 weeks pregnant. Mr Connolly picked her up from where she was sleeping rough on the Gold Coast, let her move into his flat, took care of her through the final stage of her pregnancy and is now helping to raise her four-week
The ninth series of Britain's Got Talent starts tomorrow night on ITV. The £250,000 prize fund will be used to find Britain's Got Talent's next star. We look back at some of the biggest names to come out of the show.
St Helena was discovered by Portuguese explorer Juan de Nova in 1502. The island is smaller than central Paris has just 4,200 inhabitants - and 850 of them live in the small capital of Jamestown. Early next year a £218m airport will open and make this British Overseas Territory no longer quite so isolated.
Spending on consultants has doubled to £1.4billion over the past four years. Now makes up more than ten per cent of all foreign aid spending. Hundreds of ‘team leaders’ working on aid projects earn at least £120,000 a year.
Aracely Meza, 49, is accused of helping to starve the boy to rid him of a 'demon' She and the boy's parents believed he had a 'demon' inside of him, and that he was starved for 25 days, being given only water four to five times a day. A church member said the toddler, whose name has not been released, fell and hit his head several times, but she hesitated to help him 'due to his demon possession' Meza was charged on Monday with injury to a child by omission. She is currently being held on a $100,000 bond.
A man has died after he was crushed by a garbage truck doing the early morning rounds in Melbourne's west. Police say the man, a garbage truck driver, was collecting bins in Footscray when the truck rolled forward and pinned him against a pole. Paramedics tried to revive the man but he died at the scene.
'Crystal clear' footage was handed into police by worker 50ft from scene. The worker had reportedly contacted 101 believing detectives already had images. But Scotland Yard has refused to make the footage public despite claims it is the best footage yet. Comes after force was criticised for ignoring an alarm that went off on Good Friday.
Morrisons has brought in the new counters to cater for Muslim customers. 36 sweets are on sale, including liquorice sticks, cola bottles and jelly beans. They are all guaranteed to be free of animal products or alcohol-based ingredients. The chain has chosen 10 stores around Britain to trial the new scheme.
James Ward, 31, was attacked at his home by axe-wielding intruders. He lost a finger and needed 38 staples to seal wounds all over his body. He is now in hiding and is too afraid to return home because he fears his attackers will kill him if he does. A 23-year-old man has been charged with aggravated burglary.
Oxford scientists say a Mercury-like body struck the young Earth. The object would have been the heat source for our planet's core. The same object could have been responsible for creating the moon. It also explains where some rare-Earth elements came from.
Four-year-old Jessica Knight has Pica - an appetite for non-nutritious substances. She can't stop eating carpet underlay and padding from soft furnishings. Her mother, Kelly Will, 36, says they are 'at our wits' end'
Amanda Taylor, 24, charged with first-degree murder in stabbing death of Charles Taylor, 59, at his home near Ellet, Virginia. Taylor's suspected accomplice in crime, 32-year-old Sean Ball, was found wounded on the Blue Ridge Parkway in North Carolina. Amanda Taylor and her husband, Rex Taylor, had a fascination with the macabre and were in correspondence with incarcerated serial killers.
Bernard Whalen's new book charts the early rise of the NYPD. It is a tale of kickbacks, mob violence and secret KKK members. At the helm of the NYPD from 1934-45 was Lewis Valentine. He was a stalwart of the force for more than 30 years with a reputation for brutality.
Bernie Madoff is serving 150 years in prison for $65 billion fraud. A new book claims he tried to persuade his drug dealer's girlfriend to sleep with him. Madoff is said to have met Israeli model 'Leah' at a Christmas party. He is described as bellowing 'You could have had gold. You could have had me. But instead you throw all that away for some f****** hippie!'
Almost half of all people who have visited discounters are middle class. 57% of adults in UK claim to use a discount store like Poundland every week. Of those, 53% are in top A/B social class who earn more than £35,000-a-year. News comes on back of rise in popularity of Aldi and Lidl.
Kim Kardashian: Hollywood is the app from the reality star. Users have to build a celebrity empire similar to Kim's. The 34-year-old launched the highly lucrative app last June. Lindsay Lohan also launched her own game Fame: Uncanny Fame.
Endometriosis is a condition where bits of the uterus lining grow outside of the uterus. Most 'normal' period pain can be fixed with ibuprofen or an anti-inflammatory. But severe symptoms such as nausea, back or leg pain or bleeding at unexpected times of the month can all point to a more serious condition - endrometriosis. Dr Lara Briden explains what symptoms to look out for.
Edwin 'Jock' Mee, 46, allegedly targeted 11 cadets, many of whom were young black women, during the army interview and screening process. It is claimed that the divorced father-of-five went on to rape one of the cadets at the Mitcham Barracks Army Careers and Information Office in Croydon. Today, the cousin of Mee's alleged rape victim told jurors at Southwark Crown Court that she called the sergeant after becoming concerned he wanted to start a sexual relationship with the cadet.
The explosion on a Pacific Gas & Electric Co. pipe happened while an equipment operator and a group of county jail inmates were expanding a road. The flames shot well over 100 feet into the air, witnesses said. It was not clear what caused the explosion at the Fresno County Sheriff's gun range that brought traffic in the area to a halt.
Terry McCarty suffered third-degree burns to 70 per cent of his body. He was engulfed with flames after brothers filled a bowl with kerosene. The 29-year-old endured 58 operations and cruel taunts from bullies. But he was determined to overcome harrowing experience that crippled his confidence. He applied to fire service in Washington and passed training in 2012. He said: 'If I could do this, people would realise I could do anything'
The BBC need to look further than just men when it comes to finding a presenter to replace Jeremy Clarkson on Top Gear, says Sarah Vine. 'My jeans are too tight and my hairstyle is an exercise in holding back the years,' she says. But that's not the reason she believes she'd be perfect for the vacant role on Top Gear.
Prince George's birth in 2013 sparked a £247m sales bonanza for makers of royal memorabilia. A more modest sales increase of between £60 and £70m is predicted. Most of that will be spent on champagne and cake rather than souvenirs. However, the baby is expected to make more of an impact in the long term.
A man who died in Texas of the human version of mad cow disease last year likely contracted it from eating beef raised in Britain, a CDC report has revealed. The unnamed man, who died from variant Creutzfeldt-Jakob (vCJD) disease in May 2014, was a naturalized U.S. citizen originally from the Middle East. The report concluded the man's illness resulted from his eating tainted UK beef before he moved to the United States in the 1990s.
Peter Tait is headmaster of Sherborne Preparatory School in Dorset. He said parents have become 'dervishes' about their children's education. Mr Tait said modern trend of interfering stemmed from bombarded with information about how to raise a child.
Dane Bowers accused of hitting ex-fiancee Sophie Cahill in front of her son. Former Another Level star, 35, was charged with common assault in February. He is due to appear before magistrates in south London next month. The singer and the former Miss Wales got engaged in December 2013.
Peter Hiett, 49, worked at Feltham Young Offenders' Institution for eight years. Decorated former guard said staff would put inmates in cells to fight out differences. He said some workers would stay to watch and others 'turned a blind eye' Claims echo scenes from 1999 film Fight Club starring Brad Pitt.
Presenter, 37, says as a woman 'what you get is not down to you' Mother-of-two says she knows that she will become less popular. In December 2014 she revealed she was told to tone down her look.
Anthony Barbour, 33, from Liverpool, takes his camera everywhere and his pictures showcase Sefton Park and One Shopping Centre. He uses a Canon 1100d DSLR with either a 18-55mm kit lens or a Tokina 11-16mm to shoot the photographs. Once he has 50 pictures he uses PhotoShop to stitch and layer the photos together.
Niamh Geaney, a 26-year-old TV presenter from Dublin, teamed up with two male friends on a project they dubbed Twin Strangers. They were inundated with submissions from all over the world. Incredibly, Niamh found her match in Karen Branigan, 29, a fellow Ireland native who lives just an hour down the road.
British company Swan, which sold its first iron in 1933, has just released a top-of-the-range steam generator iron. But does it really make things easier? Tessa Cunningham finds out.
Stephanie Scott's remains have been transported to Glebe Morgue in Sydney. The 26-year-old was last seen on Easter Sunday, when her disappearance sparked a widespread search for the much-loved teacher. Vincent Stanford was charged with Ms Scott's murder on Thursday. Police will reportedly make inquiries with authorities in the Netherlands in an attempt to run a background check on the accused killer.
The magazine's global fashion director, Carine Roitfeld, personally chose the 19-year-old model along with Jing Wen, Laura James, Anna Cleveland, Ondria Hardin, Antonia Wilson, Kitty Hayes, and Paige Reifler.
The 'Fullips' device has been seen at West End parties and is going viral online. It works by creating a mini-vacuum while you suck on the apparatus. This draws blood to the surface of the lips, which swell.
Douglas Murphy, 47, was cleaning up after a children's picnic when he bumped his leg against a bin bag. A cut so small it was barely visible became infected, triggering the rare condition necrotizing faciitis - a flesh-eating bug. Surgeons were preparing to amputate his right leg when they noticed the antibiotics Mr Murphy had been given had begun to show signs of working.
Lesley Conman's daughter Abbie, 12, was sent a message by the man. She had accepted a friend request from someone pretending to be a 17-year-old boy. After she saw the messages, Ms Conman challenged the man herself. She posted the messages on her own account to warn other parents of the dangerous predator. But Humberside Police refused to investigate as no offence had been committed.
Nicola Sturgeon is living proof that women become sexier with age. In 2001 she dressed according to the Angela Merkel school of leadership. boxy, androgynous look. Now she has shed pounds, bleached her hair, squeezed her feet into heels.
Zhao Pingan's mother was in labour when she and her husband were hit by a truck as they travelled on a motorbike to a hospital in south-eastern China's Fujian province. Both of his parents were killed in the accident, but not before the mother gave birth at the scene last March. Chinese media reported that the baby boy had been 'catapulted' from his mother's womb as the truck ran over her. The baby was given the name Zhao Pingan which means'safe and sound' in Chinese.
Dina Nemtsova, 13, made her debut in a photoshoot with Yulia Prohorova White Zoloto. Her mother and Nemtsov's partner, Ekaterina Odintsova, 37, hopes her new career will help her to overcome the trauma of losing her father. Dina posed in red and white dresses as well as an outfit with a patterned floral design for shoot.
Neurio recognises the electronic signature of different household appliances. It measures both differential voltage and current signals every split second. These signals are used to calculate power and energy consumption. Neurio then sends the information to the Neurio Cloud where algorithms identify appliances and behaviours based on unique electronic signals. When the algorithms detect that a device has been turned on or off, or a user returning home, they notify the Neurio app and services such as IFTTT.
Ashley Jiron, owner of P.B. Jams in Warr Acres, Oklahoma. She noticed someone had been looking for food in the bins behind her restaurant. She taped a sign to her diner window appealing to the person to come forward. It read: 'To the person going through our trash for their next meal, you're a human being and worth more than a meal from a dumpster' Thousands of people have since taken to social media to rave about Ashley's actions. She has now launched a pay-it-forward scheme at her diner.
Virginia Roberts is being sued for defamation by high profile US attorney Alan Dershowitz. Mr Dershowitz said that Miss Roberts would have to give evidence under oath and that if she repeated her claims she will have perjured herself. Miss Roberts has also been branded ‘despicable’ by model agency owner Jean Luc Brunel.
Alison Saunders's position as the country's top prosecutor looked bleak. She faced unprecedented criticism from the Home Secretary and MPs. She was accused of ignoring the rights of victims and of perpetrating Establishment cover-ups.
Jeremy Clarkson was due to record Have I Got News For You later this month. Show's producers say they expect him to return to host later in the year. It would have been his first appearance on the BBC since Top Gear was axed. He was dismissed for hitting Top Gear producer Oisin Tymon in a 'fracas'
David Cameron will launch a multi-billion pound sale of Lloyds Bank shares. Individuals will be allowed to buy up to £10,000 worth of shares. Lloyds shares were worth 78.7p when the stock market closed on Friday.
Barry Lyttle pleaded guilty to recklessly causing grievous bodily harm. He will now be sentenced in Sydney's local court, where the maximum jail term is two years. His legal team had tried to negotiate a lesser charge over the attack, with Patrick publicly speaking out in support of his brother. The Irishman could learn his fate as soon as Thursday afternoon.
Hannah Bluck, 18, has had her promising career halted by a dead shin bone. The teen football prodigy was warned her leg could collapse into her ankle. She has been diagnosed with avascular necrosis in her tibia. Doctors have been baffled by the condition, which has never been seen before on a leg bone and usually affects joints.
Clare Balding has married her partner of 14 years Alice Arnold. The 44-year-old said they returned to the register office where their civil partnership ceremony was held in 2006. This time they did not have a ceremony at Chiswick House, West London.
Joselyn Alejandra Nio is believed to have been killed near the U.S. border. She gained notoriety in January when a picture of her appeared online. The image showed her holding a modified M4 assault rifle and smiling. She is the third woman with the nickname to suffer at the hands of a rival cartel.
The Ganz Webkinz bear, called Tikko, was created by Canadian boy Dorian Poe, who has autism. In January 2013, Dorian sent his favorite toy out on a round-the-world mission to raise awareness about autism.
Motaz Zaid was with friend in Parsons Green, south west London, on Friday. Pair were sprayed with ammonia and assaulted with tools by group of thugs. Mr Zaid, 20, was bundled into a Mercedes C220 Estate and driven off. Friend, 19, was stabbed several times in back and legs and left for dead. Mr Zaid was found dumped on side of A3 in Kingston, south west London. Economics student remains in hospital with life-threatening injuries.
Darren Humphries, 37, began throwing Cadbury Mini Eggs at wife Claire, 31. He flipped when his partner of 14 years refused to allow him into her home. Forced door open and grabbed wife by jaw causing her to fall back into house. He then picked up packet of chocolate treats and began throwing eggs. Mrs Humphries managed to call police and her husband was arrested. On Monday he was jailed for eight weeks at Worcester Magistrates Court.
Samuel Tushingham dragged his girlfriend by the hair and slapped her. 26-year-old also threw a toaster at her, a court was told. Judge told him he was 'almost too dangerous' to go to prison. But she did order him to go on a relationship course instead.
Six-strong gang captured on CCTV working throughout Thursday night. They then returned on Saturday to continue their audacious robbery. Scotland Yard tonight refused to confirm to MailOnline whether they had seen the footage before it was handed to them by the Mirror.
Ocean photographer Lloyd Meudell started taking images of the sea with a GoPro after being an avid surfer his entire life. He formed an obsession with photography and after purchasing all the high end equipment, he began to shoot ocean foam. 'When the tide is high, the water comes in and it breaks in front of cliffs, explodes into the air and creeps over the sand,' he said.
The Afrikaner Resistance Movement (AWB) is training thousands of youths in military-style bootcamps northwest of Johannesburg. By day, they are pushed to their physical limits with assault courses and self-defence lessons. Then by night, they are subjected to vile racist indoctrination.
Zbigniew Huminski has been indicted for kidnap, rape and murder of Chloe. The 38-year-old appeared before a judge on Friday night and did not offer a word of remorse. Huminski was supposed to be in prison in Poland - but exploited his home country's lax justice system to travel to France instead.
Bjorn Ulvaeus is opening a restaurant inspired by Mamma Mia. The show is set to end its 14-year run on Broadway in September. The restaurant will open in central Stockholm in January 2016.
Arnold Breitenbach of St. George wanted to get 'CIB-69' put on a license plate. The Utah Division of Motor Vehicles denied his request, citing state regulations prohibiting the use of the number 69 because of its sexual connotations. Breitenbach had been an armored personnel carrier's gunner during his time in the Army. He was inside the carrier's gun turret as rocket-propelled grenades struck and was left wounded, suffering temporary blindness.
Adam Deacon, 32, accused of sending abusive tweets to Noel Clarke on Twitter. Actor 'called Kidulthood writer a bully and blamed him for trying to ruin his career' Mr Clarke told Hammersmith Magistrates' Court he received official harassment warning. Last month Deacon was charged with possession of a machete in public.
Father allegedly abused by Lord Janner has called for top legal official to step down. Alison Saunders concluded dementia made the 86-year-old unfit to plead. Hamish Baillie claims he was molested by Lord Janner during a game of hide-and-seek in a park, when he was a 15-year-old resident of a children's home. He said failure to prosecute the peer for a fourth time was a 'complete travesty'
Woolworth's launched its 'Fresh in our memories' ad campaign last week. The campaign invites Aussies to create a profile picture and cover photo for their Facebook page, in memory of the service men and women of World War I. Carrspace, the company hired by Woolworths to create the campaign, used the image of the 'Handsome Man' without permission. The company could face fines of up to $50,000 for breaching this rule. Minister for Veterans' Affairs Michael Ronaldson forced the company to take down the website.
Video shows Cher Lair from Apex, North Carolina, cutting into a cake at her gender reveal party with family gathered around. She did not know the sex of her baby and gave the scan results to a baker. As she lifts up a slice of pink sponge, she can hardly believe her eyes and proceeds to scream out in excitement.
Police in Western Australia have come under fire after reports emerged hundreds of officers unlawfully accessed information relating to the arrest of Ben Cousins. Officers also reportedly accessed files containing information about Daniel Kerr, a fellow former West Coast Eagles player. The pair both made headlines in recent months, for different incidents, and according to The West Australian at least 300 police accessed the files. Allegations will be investigated under Section 440A of the Criminal Code, which states police officers face up to 12 months in prison or a $12,000 fine for unauthorised computer usage.
The pound fell to near 1.46 against the US dollar, its lowest level since June 2010. Different polls have variously put the Tories and Labour narrowly ahead. Neither major party can form a stable government after the election.
Jackson Byrnes was told by doctors that he had a stage four brain tumour that was too deep and aggressive to be operated on. The 18-year-old and his family took matters into their own hands and found the only Australian neurosurgeon to perform the risky operation. After seven days of campaigning online, the Casino teenager is over halfway to his goal with two days to go.
April Jones, five, was abducted and killed by paedophile Mark Bridger. Her mother, Coral Jones, 43, has revealed she receives hate mail. She was branded a 'bad mother' for letting April play in the street past 7pm. Mrs Jones has suffered from agroraphobia since her daughter's death in 2012.
Rona Fairhead was last month accused of being either 'incredibly naive or totally incompetent' over her handling of a tax evasion scandal at the bank's Swiss division. The 53-year-old has told shareholders she will stay on for 'a further one-year period' before leaving the bank's board entirely.
Mohammed Suleman Khan, 43, was jailed for four years last April after defrauding the taxman of £450,000. His nine-year scam was exposed after police raided his Birmingham home and discovered plans for his own mansion in Pakistan.
Government officials have insisted there is no evidence to support universal screening for Group B Strep, known as GBS. Current guidelines only recommend testing women deemed to be 'at risk' Belinda Bowman, 37, lost her daughter Lily after she contracted GBS during labour and developed meningitis and septicaemia.
The 39-year-old man was shot numerous times while sitting in a car in his mother's Altona Meadows driveway. He died shortly after paramedics arrived at the scene. Police believe the attack was targeted and confirmed the victim was known to police. The man’s mother, who was ‘extremely traumatised’, was taken to a local police station to help detectives with their ­investigation.
One of earliest 'Televisors' expected to fetch up to £22,000 at auction. manufactured in 1928 - two years after Logie Baird first demonstrated a working TV system. Wooden set has a spiral punched scanning disc which has been fully restored and still has its original tube.
Dealing across Europe and Asia was thrown into chaos by the crash. Bloomberg's computer system is used by most banks and trading floors. More than 300,000 screens suddenly went offline for several hours. The Government's attempts to sell £3billion of bonds had to be delayed. Bloomberg blamed a 'combination of hardware and software failures in the network'
Ed Miliband was mobbed by screaming hen party outside Westminster Hotel. Labour leader's battle bus was gatecrashed by bride-to-be Nicola Braithwaite. One of the group spotted the leader's bus and alerted the bride. After a few minutes in a white and blue dress, she said: 'I got a full on picture with him'
Marcin Wasniewski, 34, crashed into the back of a lorry on the A444 in Coventry. Paramedics saw the scene and feared the worst. Yet as they worked to release him, they were shocked to see him emerge. He suffered a serious injury to the left side of his face, which has left him with a deep scar, and injured his left arm.
'When Hillary Clinton travels there's going to need to be two planes, one for her and her entourage, one for her baggage,' Paul said. 'I'm concerned that the plane with the baggage is really getting heavy and teetering' Paul said, predicting that she'd soon have new questions to answer about her family foundation's donations from foreign actors.
Living Dead Clothing beat some of the world's biggest names to snare the licence from Disney's Marvel range. The small Brisbane based company beat some of the world's biggest names to snare the lucrative Marvels contract. There are almost 50 types of garments to choose from featuring the film motifs. The company's website has crashed due to the demand from around the world.
British exports to the rest of the world are surging ahead of those to Europe. It is the first time such sales have outstripped those to the EU for six months. Figures appear to vindicate David Cameron's'mercantile' foreign policy. But total sales of British goods overseas have fallen to the lowest level for nearly five years.
Lucy Scott, from Edinburgh, had her first baby in 2012. Found that nothing could have prepared her for the roller coaster ride that ensued. Created the book after looking back at her own experience. Features 120 illustrations, capturing everything from a baby's first lunch out.
The revelation comes just after reports that the former couple are embroiled in a legal fight over her frozen eggs. Loeb claimed Vergara demanded her friend and employee serve as the surrogate over his 'objections as well as the recommendations of the parties’ doctor' On Wednesday it was reported Loeb has filed a lawsuit in California in a bid to prevent the Modern Family actress from destroying two cryopreserved female embryos.
London Mayor urges Ukip voters to'swing behind the Conservatives' He said a vote for Ukip would be equal to a vote for Ed Miliband. Mr Johnson was campaigning in the Thanet South seat where Mr Farage is standing.
The former secretary of state will first put her name forward for the White House on Twitter. She will then barnstorm the Hawkeye State in what the Associated Press calls a series of'small' meetings with voters. Clinton will fly to New Hampshire after her Iowa swing. The Republican National Committee took its gloves off Friday morning with a scathing video ad highlighting her scandals.
A 42-year-old man allegedly threw a wheel spanner at a night security patrol car before recklessly driving his dark blue Ford Falcon ute towards the Harts Range police station. The station, which is remotely located about 240km northeast of Alice Springs in the Northern Territory, was vacant at the time of the incident. The culprit managed to escape in the smashed-up car but wouldn't have got far without working headlights, a front number plate or a front bumper bar.
Nine out of every ten images of child sexual abuse found online in 2014 showed children aged ten and under, according to the Internet Watch Foundation. Overall, experts from the regulator removed more than 31,000 web pages featuring vile images of sexual abuse in 2014, soaring 136 per cent from around 13,000 the previous year.
Neill Buchel, 39, was kicked, punched and bludgeoned to death last year. Elvis Kwiatkowski and Chas Quye, both 36, then dismembered his body. Court heard they were obsessed with the hit U.S. television show Jackass. Mr Buchel moved to Britain in 2001 with his wife and two daughters. But he was thrown out of the family home in late 2013 after he spiralled into an alcohol addiction and moved in with Scott 'Gary' Hunt, 42.
The FBI has released images of a man they are trying to trace in connection with a sex abuse probe. A collection of photos were found showing a 'pre-pubescent blonde girl' being sexually abused, which could have been taken 'in America or elsewhere' Officials said one picture, which does not show abuse taking place, features the unidentified man posing with her. They stressed the dark-haired man, believed to be between the ages of 30 and 45, is not suspected of carrying out abuse.
West Midlands Police figures show 617 under-10s suspected of committing crimes. 41 nine-year-old boys investigated for crimes last year including five sex offences. A nine-year-old girl was also linked to a case of criminal damage. Legal age of criminal responsibility in England and Wales is ten.
Jamie Richardson, 38, and Daniel Taylor, 37, pleaded guilty to using threatening behaviour in Bermuda court. Pair could also face a four-month jail term, with local sources claiming the pair are struggling to pay the fee as they have only $700 between them. Flight from London to Mexico was forced to divert to Bermuda.
Patrick Kramer is a 33-year-old artist from Springville, Utah, who specialises in hyper-realistic paintings. His paintings are so realistic it's impossible to tell apart from a photo. Kramer's portrayals vary between vivid city scenes, still life objects, portraits and breathtaking motion-shots.
AC/DC drummer Phil Rudd pleads guilty to charges of 'threatening to kill' and drug possession. The 60-year-old was originally charged with two counts of threatening to kill and possession of methamphetamine and cannabis. The case has been adjourned until June 26 when Rudd's lawyer will apply for a discharge without conviction.
William 'Wild Bill' Wilson and his wife Lillian Karr Wilson died just two minutes apart from each other this week. Both Lillian, 89, and Bill were Alzheimer's patients and for the last couple of years had to live in separate nursing homes. Lillian resided at Richmond Place in Lexington, while Bill stayed at the Thomson-Hood Veterans Center in Wilmore. On Tuesday their connection proved strong as ever when one of their sons, Doug, received a phone call at 3.52am to inform him that his father had passed away.
Durham University scientists studied a ‘clump’ of dark matter that appears to be lagging behind its galaxy - suggesting it interacts with itself. Until now it was thought that dark matter did not interact with anything other than gravity. This is despite seeming to account for 85 per cent of the universe’s mass and having an observable effect on galaxies. The team used the European Southern Observatory’s (ESO) Very Large Telescope (VLT) in Chile, along with images from the Hubble Space Telescope, to make the discovery. Although dark matter cannot be seen, the team could deduce its location using a technique called gravitational
Columbia University Graduate School issued 12,000-word report Sunday. Said story fell apart because of 'basic, even routine' failures of journalism. But nobody will lose their job over the discredited Rolling Stone article. Article by Sabrina Rubin Erdely described 'gang rape' at UVA.
A kitchen is the heart of the home and usually the ‘debrief of the day’ meeting room. It’s a balance between a warm and inviting design combined with practical efficiency. Property buyers expert Frank Valentic gives his tips for ensuring great kitchen design.
Shelley Dufresne from St Charles Parish, Louisiana, took a plea deal on Thursday that gets her out of serving any time behind or having to register as a sex offender. However she still faces charges over a threesome she had with the same student at Destrehan High School and another teacher.
Michael Pulman, 33, from Walsall, spent £7,500 on a hair transplant. Emma Tallon, 27, paid £3,100 for liposuction on her thighs. Andrea Carter, 72, from Leighton Buzzard, has her baggy jowls removed.
Man who is believed to be from Mozambique was fatally attacked in Johannesburg. He was taken to hospital where he tragically passed away from his injuries. At least six people have been killed in the country since violence erupted in Durban several weeks ago. President Jacob Zuma has called for an end to the'shocking and unacceptable' attacks.
Destiny Cooke, 16, and Lajahia Cooke, 17, were brutally beaten in Trenton. The five-minute video filmed last Monday shows the girls being kicked, punched, stomped and shoved around by a crowd of people. People can be heard laughing throughout the video and chanting 'they gettin' busy!' or 'let her get her!' Destiny has been left with a bald spot after someone grabbed a chunk of her hair.
More than 42 million children under the age of five are overweight or obese. More than 1.9 billion adults worldwide are overweight and 600 million obese. Two fifths of parents are badgered by their children to buy food. British Heart Foundation has delivered a 30,000 strong petition.
Labour's deputy leader insists Tories are'standing up for people at the top' But Osborne attended St Paul's School for boys in the 1980s. He said: 'The posh boy attack always sounds a bit thin when coming from her'
SNP leader unveils string of policies apparently tailor-made for a power-sharing deal with Labour. Pledges include slashing English tuition fees from £9,000 to £6,000. Also wants UK to formally recognise Palestine as a state.
A striking picture, taken by photographer Kenji Wardenclyffe, captured the explosive moment during a Melbourne protest against the 'Islamisation' of Australia. A number of men with shaved heads and tattoos of the swastika appeared at the event and attempted to start a fight with anti-racism protesters. Police were forced to separate the neo-Nazis and opposing protesters by forming a wall at separate rallies across the country. Reclaim Australia describe themselves as 'patriotic Australians' who protest against Sharia Law, Halal tax and Islam.
April 26, 2016 marks the 30th anniversary of the nuclear disaster. Chernobyl is one of the world's most famous 'dark tourism' sites. The Chernobyl Exclusion Zone is highly regulated and guarded by security. Visitors are banned from touching anything, eating or drinking outside the zone.
Nathan Brown, 19, was working with his father David, an experienced electrician. Pair were carrying out electrical tests at Eurofabs UK Ltd in Rochdale. Nathan touched a 400-volt busbar while climbing high enough to carry out tests. Shock caused him to fall 12ft head first onto the roof of a toilet block. He was airlifted to hospital but later died from his injuries.
Sudan is one of only five northern white rhinos left in the world. Poachers are killing them for their horns because they are seen as a medicine. The last northern white rhino was spotted in Kenya in 2006.
Headliners at Coachella include AC/DC, Jack White, Florence and the Machine and Madonna. Belgium’s Tommorowland festival is the second most expensive at £186 per day. Exit festival in Serbia works out cheapest at just £54 per day.
Rachelle Owen, 16, died after being struck by a train near Hoylake station. Her mother Kay Diamond, 44, was found murdered in a flat in February. Anthony Blye, 52, has been charged with Miss Diamond's murder and is awaiting trial.
The picture-perfect photo shoot is the handiwork of John Daniels, 61, from Dunsfold in Surrey. He used both clean white studio backgrounds and comedy props to capture the heart-warming shots. The photographer also experiments with some unusual animal pairings, making his snaps the perfect way to celebrate National Pet Day.
SNP leader sets out demands for her to support Ed Miliband if Labour falls short of a majority. But Prime Minister warns of the 'frightening' prospect of the SNP holding Labour to ransom and demanding they ditch new roads and hospitals in England, Wales and Northern Ireland. Polls suggest more than half of Scots plan to vote for the SNP.
Kevin Bollaert, 28, was convicted in February of 21 counts of identity theft and six counts of extortion. He ran ugotposted.com, which allowed people to anonymously post nude photos of others without their consent. People who wanted to have the photos taken down were directed to changemyreputation.com and charged $250 to $350 to remove the racy content. The landmark case was the first time a person had been tried for a running a'revenge porn' ring in the United States.
Georgina Chapman, 38, is 'furious' and 'humiliated' by the allegations, according to a source close to the couple. Ambra Battilana, 22, told police that the Hollywood producer groped her and put his hand up her skirt during a 'business meeting' at his Tribeca office on March 27. Police overheard a phone call between Battilana and Weinstein, in which she confronted him - and he said: 'It won't happen again' A spokesman for Chapman told MailOnline: 'This story is absolutely nonsense. I spoke to Georgina yesterday, they have spent the entire weekend together
Danielle and Alexander Meitiv have been cited multiple times for allowing their son Rafi, 10, and daughter Dvora, 6, to roam free in their suburban neighborhood. On Sunday, police again picked up the siblings and held them nearly six hours without food before allowing them to reunite with their parents. The Meitivs say Child Protective Services left them to panic for hours before letting them know their kids were safe.
Kenton Lee, from Idaho, came up with the idea while working in Nairobi in Kenya after seeing children running around barefoot and in shoes several sizes too small. The Shoe that Grows has adjustable points at the front, sides and the back of the sandal to help it expand. Poppers on the size allow the width to be adjusted as the child's feet expand while a strap on the toe can be moved to make the shoe longer. A single pair costs $30 (£20) but buying 100 pairs reduces the cost to $12 (£8)
A. Alfred Taubman, the self-made Michigan billionaire whose philanthropy and business success was clouded by a criminal conviction late in his career, has died aged 91. Taubman, who donated hundreds of millions of dollars to universities, hospitals and museums, died Friday night at his home of a heart attack. He was convicted in 2001 of conspiring with Anthony Tennant, former chairman of Christie's International, to fix the commissions the auction giants charged.
The Stephens County jury found Chancey Allen Luna guilty in the August 16, 2013, death of Christopher Lane. The jury recommended that Luna be sentenced to life in prison without parole. Defense attorneys acknowledged that Luna fired the fatal shot from a passing car that he was riding in, but contended that he meant only to scare Lane.
The NSW State Emergency Service anticipates calls across the Sydney metropolitan, Hunter and Illawarra regions. Winds of up to 100km/h are expected over the next two days. Melbourne residents are bracing for what could be the coldest April week in six years. South-east Queensland is also preparing for below average temperatures this week and rain on Monday and Tuesday.
Sergeant Norman Turgel was sent to Bergen-Belsen concentration camp in 1945. He fell in love with Jewish girl Gena who was being treated for typhus. Gena and Norman were married two months short of their golden wedding anniversary. British commander Major Leonard Berney played a key role in their union. Bergen-Belsen was liberated by the British Army on 15 April 1945.
Almost 40 per cent of people spend more time sunbathing than tending garden. Only a handful of traditional flowers still grow in English country gardens. Average one usually contains a mere four species – daffodils, crocuses, roses and tulips.
Coach erupted into flames on the A2 slip road to the M25 near Dartford in Kent this morning. Fire crews were sent to tackle the blaze and spent an hour trying to douse the flames from the vehicle. The slip road still remains closed as the Highways Agency begin to remove the wreckage of the coach.
Jessica Cleland took her own life on Easter Saturday last year. The 19-year-old was bullied online by two teenage boys. Her parents are campaigning for cyber bullying to be taken more seriously. Victoria already has anti-bullying laws, which apply to physical, verbal and psychological bullying.
Mimi the tortoiseshell cat was picked to star in a national TV advert. Her owner uploaded clips of her playing volleyball to Facebook. The 30-second-video was shared by thousands of people around the world.
Lorraine, 55, has dropped two dress sizes from a 14 to a 10. Attended regular Zumba classes up to four times a week. Said it helped her develop a new-found confidence.
Damon Albarn has criticised today's pop stars for singing only about themselves. The Blur frontman said they are part of a'selfie generation' He believes they could be using their music to make political statements. His comments come as Blur release their first album in years this month.
Homeowners could face an early rise in interest rates if Labour propped up in Downing Street by the SNP, a major bank warned last night. US giant Morgan Stanley said the prospect of a Labour government reliant on the Scottish Nationalists would create the ‘greatest uncertainty’ of any election result. Its inevitable ‘anti-austerity’ agenda could lead to an ‘earlier bank rate hike than was previously the case’, the bank argued.
Study tracked the decisions of 1,893 newlyweds over the past five years. Services have fallen from 40 per cent to 35 per cent in the past five years. Just seven per cent of UK couples allowed the bride's parents to pay the bill. A third of married couples in the UK (31.4 per cent) covered their entire wedding bill themselves.
Sir Bruce Forsyth has spoken out in favour of assisted dying for the terminally ill. The 87-year-old said he would like the right to end his life 'with dignity left' Said his first wife Penny Calvert's dementia convinced him of need for change. Ms Calvert was cared for in a care home until she died last year.
Peter Barnett, 43, avoided paying for his train ticket for two-and-a-half years. He travelled from his Oxfordshire home to London Marylebone. But he pretended to have only gone from Wembley, in north west London. He admits six counts of fraud by false representation between April 2012 and November last year.
A 624-calorie Brie and Bacon Panini from Caff Nero comes in at more than 100 calories higher than a 518-calorie McDonald’s Quarter Pounder with Cheese. Asda’s Piri Piri Chicken Pasta Salad contains 46.5g of fat – two thirds of the recommended daily intake for an adult. A Pizza Express Classic Margherita pizza has 683 calories and contains only 22.5g of fat.
Loeb has filed a lawsuit in California in a bid to prevent the Modern Family actress from destroying two cryopreserved female embryos created through IVF, according to InTouch. Court documents detail how the couple fertilized embryos using her eggs and his sperm six months before their split in November 2013. Loeb, 39, is seeking to ensure the female embryos are not destroyed, but Vergara has refused to 'agree to their preservation under all circumstances,' according to the legal papers.
Italian artist Johannes Stoetter painted two naked women to look like a chameleon. To complete the deception, the models rested on a bench painted to match their skin and held a green branch in the air beneath them.
Danielle Busby gave birth to Olivia Marie, Ava Lane, Hazel Grace, Parker Kate and Riley Paige by C-section on April 7. They are the first set of all-girl quintuplets to be born in the U.S. since 1969. All five are doing well and only need minimal amounts of assistance breathing after being born at 7 months.
Young boy was at Star Wars Celebration in Anaheim, California. He was dressed in a Star Wars t-shirt and had merchandise fixed to his wheelchair. As he approached R2D2 the robot approached him and began spinning. The blue and white robot copied the youngster's every move.
The USS Theodore Roosevelt and the USS Normandy left the Persian Gulf on Sunday and are steaming through the Arabian Sea towards Yemen. The vessels are believed to be joining other U.S. ships that are poised to intercept any Iranian ships carrying weapons to the Houthi rebels fighting in Yemen.
The Toyal Lotus lid is inspired by the water-repellent nature of a lotus leaf. Lotus leaves repel water to prevent being weighed down by rain. This is known as the 'lotus effect' and has inspired a range of hydrophobic and superhydrophobic materials. German maker Toyo Aluminium's technology won silver place in the 2013 Du Pont awards for packaging innovation. It has teamed up with Japan's Morinaga Milk Industry to bring it to consumers.
Dwayne Harvard, 46, of Springdale, Pennsylvania, had an argument with Steven Sutton, 36, Sunday night. Harvard claims he struck Sutton with his 2002 Ford Explorer, driving for 11 miles through Pennsylvania before finally pulling over. The two men clung to the hood of Harvard's car as he drove. Harvard was charged with simple assault, aggravated assault, reckless endangerment, and DUI. Sutton has not been charged.
Big concrete arrows were once markers for early airmail flights across the US - forming the first land-based navigation system. The giant arrows started to be placed across the country, sometimes at 10-mile intervals, from 1924. In the summer of 1924, they stretched from Wyoming to Ohio and by the following year, the arrows had reached New York.
Phillip Buchanon was a first-round draft pick for the Oakland Raiders, and seventeenth overall, when his mother made the request in 2002. He discussed the incident in his recently released book New Money: Stay Rich. Buchanon also played for the Houston Texans, Tampa Bay Buccaneers, Detroit Lions and Washington Redskins before retiring in 2011.
Mercury is predicted to soar to 21C (70F) tomorrow, with forecasters warning people to make the most of it. Some ice cream vendors say they have had their busiest April ever as Britons cool off, with balmy conditions set to continue. But the industry could take a hit later this week, with rain, cloud and cooler temperatures predicted from Thursday.
The polished evergreen foliage of Camellias provides a great contrast with brightly coloured flowers. They are easy to grow, but picky about soil. If your soil doesn't suit, plant in containers in ericaceous compost.
UK deaths per year will rise by 20 per cent over the next two decades. Deaths have been falling for 40 years but baby boomers are coming to an end. Funeral costs have already risen by 80 per cent over the past ten years.
A duffel bag containing human remains was found outside a biotechnology building in Cambridge on Saturday morning. The bag was found shortly before 8am near a building used by biotechnology company Biogen Inc. Video surveillance of the area led police to an apartment complex across the street where additional human remains were found in a common area. All of the remains are believed to belong to one person, whose death is being treated as a homicide.
The properties haven't been able to spark enough interest among home buyers even after being on the market for up to two years. Among them is a one-bedroom home in Oberon, central west of NSW, which was listed 800 days ago for $299,000. In Queensland, a four-bedroom property has seen a 45 per cent decrease in its asking price since it was listed for $1.5 million 247 days ago.
Diane Morris, 46, is engaged to notorious father-of-40 Mike Holpin, 56. Mr Holpin has shamelessly boasted of having children with 20 different women. Ms Morris has brushed off claims he still uses dating website Plenty of Fish. She said the pair's sex life is 'great' and she trusts him 'completely'
The once-in-a-lifetime privilege is being offered by luxury concierge service, Bluefish. The tour takes in sights like the famous grand staircase, the ship's huge anchors and the Marconi Room. Guests will stay aboard the Akademik Keldysh ship at sea and wait for suitable conditions to see the Titanic up close.
A boy of 11 is among children arrested over a spate of fires across Wales. 623 fires ravaged 600 acres of fields and woodland this month alone. Fire crews in South Wales say they have been stretched to breaking point.
Rare black flamingo spotted feeding among traditional pink birds in Cyprus. Bird is believed to be heading to Turkey to breed after spending winter in Israel. Experts say it could be the only flamingo of its kind in the world.
The oldest active pilot is a 95-year-old man living in Cameron Park, California. Guinness World Records has confirmed Peter Weber Jr.'s feat. Weber flew in both World War II and the Vietnam War, and also served as a Korean War flight instructor.
Boy, 14, from Blackburn, Lancashire, arrested on suspicion of helping plot. He allegedly communicated with Australian men over plan to use knives and swords. Five men from Melbourne were arrested over the planned attack. Security is already high for events in London this Saturday, including Queen's.
Plane tilting to one side and its left engine scraping along runway. Crew ordered evacuation after Boeing 737-800 came to a stop. Passengers slid down plane’s inflatable evacuation slides to safety. Jet Airways described it as ‘a technical problem with the landing gear’
The car left a parking lot at the Ports O' Call entertainment area of San Pedro shortly after 6pm and ran off the road at Berth 73 of the Port of Los Angeles. The car traveled some distance before lurching into the harbor, where it landed upside down in about 30 feet of water. Two adults were found swimming in the water when rescuers arrived. Divers found two children inside the car. They had no pulses and weren't breathing when divers brought them up, and resuscitation efforts began immediately.
Deep brain stimulation is already used to treat Parkinson's disease. Now scientists believe it could be used to ward off dementia and depression. Tests on lab mice showed improved memory within 24 hours. The animals' life-spans were unaffected by the treatment.
Alannah Hill was diagnosed with an invasive malignant melanoma. The fashion designer had part of her toe removed and a skin graft from her inner thigh. If she had waited another three months the cancer would likely have spread and become terminal but thankfully she now has a'very good' prognosis.
Families on Sheffield estate say they are being 'held to ransom' by yobs. Youngsters are carrying air rifles and BB guns through the estate. CCTV footage shows them shooting at homes and cars with weapons. One mother-of-three says she has been left 'terrified' by the thugs.
The video was created by the Washington-based American Chemical Society. It covers three household cleaning 'hacks' for windows, carpets and counter tops. The first reveals an alternative to window cleaner is to add two cups of water and a quarter cup of 70 per cent rubbing alcohol to an empty spray bottle. Acetic acid sits at a 2.4 on the pH scale making it very acidic. Because of this, vinegar ‘eats away’ at mineral deposits on windows including greasy dust, while the rubbing alcohol absorbs dirt like fingerprints. Onto red wine stains in fabrics, the video said the key is to '
Parents of nine children involved in plots to travel to Syria should have identities hidden. They include three terror suspects who have all previously been named. Also among the parents are a couple who lied to the authorities about losing their daughter’s passport. Critics argue the parents should be named because they could be extremists and therefore a risk to other members of the public.
John Coyne, 56, ran the Prince of Wales pub in Harrow Road, London. Victim, who is heterosexual, had been on a night out with friends. Ended the night at Coyne's pub where he fell asleep on a sofa. He then woke at around 3am to find Coyne raping him. Landlord was convicted of rape and engaging in sexual activity without consent.
Kellogg’s is latest US owned multinational to be embroiled in controversy over tax avoidance in Britain. cereal giant warned its profits could be hit by government moves to close tax loopholes. Kellogg’s makes hundreds of millions of pounds each year from sales to British families. Its two main UK subsidiaries are owned by an operation based in Republic of Ireland, where corporation tax is 12.5 per cent.
Beth Hall, 24, plummeted to a tiny 4st 13lbs after being bullied at school. She began a strict diet regime at the age of 16 living off nothing more than black tea and coffee. She would go three days without eating a single thing. But after years of turmoil, she was finally admitted to an eating disorder clinic. After making a full recovery, she is now a healthy size 8 and studying graphics.
Alexis Keslar was walking with her 18-month-old twins, Eli and Silas Keslar, along the canal bank in Yuma, Arizona on Friday when she was distracted by a bee. The toddler's stroller rolled away from her into the canal, which has a strong current running through it. Keslar desperately tried to rescue her sons, but she watched helplessly as the strong current swept her children away. Eli and Silas were pulled from the water one hour later and rushed to hospital where they were pronounced dead.
Tony Blair said he does not want to retire until he is 91 years old. Former Prime Minister said he had ‘wars’ still in him and joked that he would ‘turn to drink’ if he ever stepped down from his multitude of global roles. Blair said his latest ambition is to recruit former heads of government to advise presidents and prime ministers on how to run their countries.
Manuel Garza Jr. received a lethal injection of pentobarbital for killing San Antonio Police Officer John 'Rocky' Riojas in February 2001. He is the sixth convicted murderer to be put to death in Texas this year. Before his death, Garza was given the same food as the rest of the inmates in his unit for his final meal because Texas no longer allows special-order last meals.
Mark Hamill, who played Luke Skywalker in the original Star Wars films, said he had some reservations about director J.J. Abrams. 'I was a little suspicious because he was a Star Trek guy,' said the 63-year-old Star Wars veteran.
Three-year-old Joel Wilkinson was diagnosed with Duchenne Muscular Dystrophy six months ago. His muscles will slowly waste away and he will eventually need a wheelchair. His big sister Phoebe, five, adores him and cares for him as much as possible. She helps him put on his shoes, fastens up his coat and fetches his cereal.
National Grid has revealed the UK's first new pylon for nearly 90 years. Called the T-pylon it is a third shorter than the old lattice pylons. But it is able to carry just as much power - 400,000 volts. It is designed to be less obtrusive and will be used for clean energy purposes. National Grid is building a training line of six T-pylons at their Eakring training academy in Nottinghamshire. They plan to use the first T-pylons with the Hinkley Point C nuclear power station in Somerset.
New focus on using paper from trees harvested under environmentally sound conditions. pledged an unspecified amount of money for a Virginia-based nonprofit, the Conservation Fund, to purchase two large tracts of timberland on the East Coast.
Jody Marson has been named as the prison guard who allegedly had an affair with Kieran Loveridge. The 21-year-old is serving 14 years for the manslaughter of Thomas Kelly. Ms Marson was suspended after other staff members claimed they had witness the alleged affair inside the Kempsey prison.
Katie Prager, 24, was diagnosed with an infection in her lungs in September 2009 and is desperately in need of a transplant as doctors predicted she would not live a year without new lungs. Her insurance company, Kentucky Medicaid, will not pay for the out-of-state treatment she needs at the University of Pittsburgh Medical Center. Her husband Dalton, 23, who has already received new lungs, is pleading for help.
Vera Maresova, 50, confessed to killing five women and one man over four years. She was initially arrested over the death of a 70-year-old woman last August. But has now admitted killing five more people between 2010 and 2014. All of her victims were in the intensive care unit at the hospital in Rumburk. Maresova injected potassium straight into the blood stream of her patients. This caused them to suffer heart failure and eventually death.
Solomon Khoorban, now 33, attacked a 16-year-old in a West End nightclub. He punched her so hard in the face that she was knocked unconscious. He then ordered his terrified victim to wait in the VIP area for 30 minutes. Two months later, in August 2003, he raped a 32-year-old woman in Greenwich. The former gunner, who was 21 at the time, put her in a headlock and dragged her into the bushes and raped her twice. It took detectives more than a decade to track Khoorban down and link him to the sex attacks. Khoorban
Zodiac Aerospace carried out extensive market research. They spoke to 30 flight attendants from four different continents. Bunk beds boast individual in-flight entertainment systems.
Kristen Lindsey from Brenham, Texas, allegedly hunted the animal down and shot it with a bow believing it was feral. A local rescue center say the cat, believed to be called Tiger, was domesticated and had been missing for around two weeks. Beneath the shocking image, Lindsey, a Wyoming native, wrote: 'My first bow kill... lol. The only good feral tomcat is one with an arrow through it's head. Psshh. Like someone would get rid of me. I'm awesome' The Colorado State graduate lost her job at the Washington Animal Clinic after the image began circulating online.
Bill de Blasio 'entering race as 'leftist' alternative to Hillary Clinton' Claims made by a 'national party operative' in New York. Mayor's bid is backed by Working Families Party, source claims. He has yet to back Clinton, despite being her campaign manager in 2000.
Christopher Barry, 53, was stabbed to death outside his home in north London. The boy became enraged when Mr Barry wouldn't let him into flats. He pulled a knife from his rucksack and stabbed Mr Barry twice in the chest. The 13-year-old, a member of Wood Green Gang, has been jailed for 11 years.
Zipporah Lisle-Mainwaring, believed to be in her 70s, has fallen out with family. Stepson Robert Lisle says she failed to pass on cash and property after husband's death. 'She's so rude, in fact she is the rudest person I've ever met,' he said. Neighbours branded property an 'eyesore' after it was painted red and white. They objected to her plans to demolish it and rebuild it with 'iceberg' basement.
The video, which surfaced on Reddit on Monday evening, shows Quaid losing the plot after someone appears to wander into his line of sight. 'I am acting here, and this d***head wanders onto my set. I can't even get a line out until Dopey the Dick starts whispering in your ear, and you're not even watching anymore,' he screams. As one voice off camera tries to calm the actor down, Quaid yells, 'Don't f**king Dennis me' before storming off the set.
Brain operates in a similar way to the Internet. Two local networks — one governing vision and learning, and another tapped into bodily concerns like muscle and organ function — make up the inner shell of the rat's cerebral cortex.
Chalke Valley History Festival will run from June 22 to 28. The event attracts more than 30,000 visitors to its idyllic venue. This year it boasts more than 140 speakers, a stunning air show and ‘living history’ re-enactments.
Peter Gale was first male headteacher at all-girls grammar school. He was fired from Nonsuch High School for Girls in Cheam, Surrey. Due to'serious breaches' in safeguarding procedures, governing body said.
Ethan Czahor has launched ‘Clear’ which removes any posts that might cause you problems with your current or future employer. Users can search for keywords such as ‘gay’, ‘black’ or swear words and the program deletes any tweet that mentions them. In February Mr Czahor was fired from his job as a chief technology officer for Mr Bush, the former Florida governor. Among the old Twitter messages he posted was one in which he called female students ‘sluts’
Vincent Stanford, 24, has been charged with the murder of Stephanie Scott. The high school teacher was due to marry her childhood sweetheart Aaron Leeson-Woolley on Easter Sunday. He created an online alter ego using the name Quetzalcoalt. Stanford wrote scripts for a science fiction series titled 'Secret endangered' He had an obsession with violent video games, including League of Legends.
Jeremy Clarkson said he would'miss' fronting BBC2 motoring show. Clarkson, 54, was fired in March after attacking a producer during filming. He has not publicly addressed his dismissal, apart from to say that 'everyone's upset' It came as former presenter Angela Rippon said she would return. Ms Rippon, 70, who first presented the show 38 years ago, said it would be 'great'
Louise Shepherd was hiking through a national park in north-west Bolivia. The 31-year-old was crushed by a falling tree during a storm. Her sister Hannah and college friend Rose Jones were also in the jungle. Ms Shepherd, from Cobham, Surrey, had taken a 'gap year' off work.
The 18-year-old victim was attacked at a bus stop in Beeston area of Leeds. Man dragged her into a garden and attacked her 20 times with a rock. He then left her for dead with serious head injuries and a broken hip. CCTV footage shows the man following three other women that night. He is also seen stalking a woman six inches from her back pocket in Leeds.
The opening day of The Championships has been postponed until Monday. The turf at Randwick Racecourse was too dangerous to compete on after 25mm of rain. The Warwick Farm card is unable to go ahead on Monday and will be moved to Wednesday.
It will be the first time in more than 50 years that leaders from the previously estranged countries will have had a lengthy in-person exchange. Ahead of an anticipated run-in, if not a formal meeting, this weekend in at the seventh Summit of the Americas, the two presidents spoke by phone on Wednesday for only the second, known time in as many years.
Harvey Weinsten and his wife Georgina Chapman were spotted out together for the premiere of his new Broadway play Finding Neverland on Wednesday. The play, which stars Glee star Matthew Morrison and Kelsey Grammer, is based on the 2004 film of the same name Weinstein produced starring Kate Winslet and Johnny Depp. The happy couple were joined by stars including Helen Mirren, Bryan Cranston, Ansel Elgort, Darren Criss, Olivia Wilde and Christoph Waltz for the opening night of the play.
A third man has been charged after raids in Melbourne led police to foil an Anzac Day terror plot. The 18-year-old Hampton Park man had his Preventative Detention Order - which allows police to hold a person without charge for up to 14 days - removed. He will appear in Melbourne Magistrates' Court on Tuesday. On Monday a police insider revealed sickening details about the alleged Anzac Day terror plot. They claim the accused men planned to run over a police officer and then kill him with a knife.
Letters drawn up with carefully pre-crafted messages designed to woo voters. Women told they are 'vital to the success of the British economy' and pensioners praised for their 'wealth of experience' Letter templates are aimed at what party HQ describes as 'target groups'
Japanese cooking show has taken the internet by storm. Latest video shows chef making a miniature strawberry cake. Cooks on tiny hobs and mini pans to create Lilliputian masterpieces.
The naked corpses of the four alleged terrorists were driven around Garissa. Hundreds gathered to catch a glimpse of the corpses at a primary school. Cynthia Cheroitich, 19, spent two days hiding and drinking body lotion. She was rescued after al-Shabaab gunmen stormed Garissa University College.
86-year-old Daphne Selfe has starred in the campaign for Vans and & Other Stories alongside Flo Dunn, 22. The images show the new footwear which sees Stories make a twist on the classic vans slip on. The shoes are then worn with pieces from the brands SS2015 collection.
Elena Curtin of Portland, Oregon, was seven-months pregnant when she was charged with second-degree assault. Curtin found her boyfriend's ex-girlfriend shooting heroin in her bathroom. When she asked her to leave and the woman refused, Curtin beat her with a crowbar. The boyfriend, who is the father of Curtin's child, struggled with heroin in the past.
The Queen was riding her horse Ring of Truth at Newbury today. Unfortunately for Her Majesty, her horse pipped to the post. Despite this, she was cheerful and chatted happily to jockey Richard Hughes. Later, she had a second runner in the Maiden Stakes. Newbury Racecourse is hosting the Dubai Duty Free Spring Trials.
'I think I have been universally short-tempered and testy with both male and female reporters. I'll own up to that,' the Kentucky senator told CNN anchor Wolf Blitzer yesterday. Paul's confession summed up the freshman lawmaker's second day as an official 2016 contestant - a bumpy ride that has so far included a confrontation with the chairwoman of the Democratic Party over late-term abortion.
Graham Leonard was returning to Scotland after watching a football match. The 46-year-old grabbed the PA microphone and started singing karaoke. He then caused an airport to be evacuated after setting off a fire alarm. Sheriff Edward Savage said he was keeping 'all options open' on sentencing.
Following a segment on wedding costs, Ashley Roberts' boyfriend, Justin McCray, surprised her with an engagement ring of her own while she was live on-air.
The tiny home is sandwiched between two double fronted properties on a leafy street in Islington, north London. The property is only 5ft wide in some areas, a little over the size of a rugby player's shoulders and its maximum width is 8ft 8in. The buyer will have to pay £27,000 in stamp duty - the same as a second-hand narrow boat which is 50ft long.
Daria Rose, 18, lost everything -- including her home -- when the superstorm hit in October 2012. Rose and her family lived in several hotels as well as her grandmother's house after being forced to evacuate their home in Baldwin, which was destroyed. A college essay about her experience helped Rose to secure a spot in Yale, Harvard, Princeton, Dartmouth, University of Pennsylvania, Cornell, and Brown.
Gnome appeared on the cover of the Beatles' Sgt Pepper's album in 1967. It featured alongside a host of celebrities and historic figures. More than 60 celebrities appeared on the famous cover including the Fab Four. But because it would have been impossible to get all of them in a room together, waxworks and cardboard cutouts were used instead.
The WI has been told it must pay the Royal Albert Hall £2,500 thousands of pounds to serve the cakes to 5,000 women attending centenary celebrations at the venue in June. The idea was that the 5,000 members attending the National Federation of the Women’s Institute’s AGM would find a box of centenary cake on their seats. But organisers were astonished to be told that the gesture would incur a ‘sampling charge’ of £2,500 because the centenary cake has fallen foul of the Hall’s sponsorship rules.
Manchester council made £14.8m from car parking in 2013/14. 240 machines are still not recalibrated to accept new 5p and 10p coins. Drivers must pay £1 and two 20p pieces for typical £1.25 hour's parking. Experts fear problem could get worse when new £1 coin is introduced in 2017.
Victor Agbafe is a student at Cape Fear Academy in Wilmington, North Carolina. The 17-year-old also could go to Stanford or Duke because he was accepted at those prestigious institutions as well. On Facebook, Agbafe describes himself as a 'passionate, honest, open-minded individual'
Called the Michigan Micro Mote, to tiny technology is a complete computer system. Can act as a smart sensor, and give everyday objects computing capabilities.
The quaint capital city put on one hell of a show last weekend for its inaugural CubaDupa festival. The massive scale festival – the first of its kind in several years - saw lively street performances, circus acts taking over parks, performers dancing in shop windows and music stretching across the corners of the city. CubaDupa transformed everyday parking blocks into stages across the Cuba Street precinct, with more than 100 different performances scheduled over the weekend.
Gerard T. 'The Frenchman' Ouimette was 75. Ouimette had more than 10 convictions during his criminal career, including one for punching an FBI agent. Ouimette was suspected of having a role in up to eight murders, 'ran' the federal prison in North Carolina in the 1970s and even had booze, drugs and lobster dinner smuggled in on a weekly basis.
Boy, 14, and girl, 16, arrested on suspicion of preparing acts of terrorism. Boy held in Blackburn after police raided a house in the town on Thursday. Girl arrested after police raided a house in Longsight, Manchester, on Friday. Both have been bailed until May 28.
Police were led to the site where Stephanie Scott's remains were found by the family of her accused killer Vincent Standford. Standford, 24, was familiar with the area and had camped and travelled through the park on many occasions. Ms Scott was last seen on Easter Sunday at a petrol station near her home in Leeton, NSW. On Saturday, a memorial was held at the school where the 26-year-old taught drama and English. Her father Robert Scott spoke to the gathered mourners on behalf of his family and friends who were united in their grief.
Eileen Mason, 92, and Margaret Seabrook, 75, were on way home from lunch club. A 'weasel' man approached them from behind a fence and tried to rob them. Mrs Mason shouted 'oh no you don't' and slammed on accelerator of her scooter. Attacker was knocked to the ground and pair sped off into the distance. Mrs Mason, who has ten grandchildren and 13 great-grandchildren, said: 'We are always on our scooters together, nothing like this has happened before'
There is more than 150 billion cubic metres of ice on Mars, which could ‘cover the entire surface of Mars with 1.1 metres of ice’ Using radar measurements from Nasa's Mars Reconnaissance Orbiter, researchers have been able to identify thousands of glacier-like formations on Mars. They can see how thick the ice is on the radar images. As the ice has not evaporated into space, the dust must be protecting it. If the ice were unprotected, it would evaporate and become water vapour.
Dusan Bako, 18, flew into a rage when he tried to call his girlfriend. The 16-year-old had turned off her phone because he had made threats. Bako grabbed the girl around the neck and punched her repeatedly in the stomach. She was taken to hospital where the baby's heartbeat began to slow. Bako was jailed for fours years, eight months at Manchester Crown Court.
A popular online measuring tool says 44 per cent of Clinton's 3.6 million Twitter followers are 'good'; 15 per cent are 'fake'; and 41 per cent are 'inactive,' meaning that they never tweet or reply to any tweets. Another site, Twitter.com, sampled 320,000 of Mrs. Clinton's followers and found that 18 per cent were fake. Clinton boasts two-thirds of a million Facebook 'likes,' but more than 46,000 of them list Baghdad, Iraq as their hometown. At least 7 per cent of them listed Baghdad as their hometown, a larger number than
Roxy Walsh found the ring while snorkelling at Finns Beach Club in Bali. She launched a social media campaign in a bid to find its owner. The ring has a heartwarming message engraved on it: ‘Darling Joe, Happy 70th Birthday 2009, Love Jenny’ Ms Walsh said she has been in contact with the owner and will be meeting with the couple at Noosa on Sunday.
Olivia Bazlinton, 13, and Charlotte Thompson, 14, died at Elsenham station, Essex, in December 2005. Inquest returned verdicts of accidental death but it later emerged crucial safety reports had not been disclosed to the coroner. Network Rail was subsequently convicted of criminal negligence and fined £1 million over the deaths.
Video footage shows a white ball being rolled down a positioned cue. It then bounces off one side of the red-clothed table and hits the first in a long line of dominoes. One by one the small counters fall down, tapping balls into various pockets as they go. In less than 30 seconds the stunt comes to a close.
In a new chapter of her memoir, Hillary Clinton said she was 'unabashedly giddy' when she found out her daughter Chelsea was pregnant. But she said she and her husband Bill were much more organized and relaxed about the birth of their first grandchild, Charlotte, than she was about Chelsea. 'I looked over and saw a tear in Bill's eye,' she wrote. Clinton is expected to announce her presidential run on Sunday.
Carol Chandler, 53, is accused of indecently assaulting a boy in the 1980s. She is charged with three counts of indecent assault and two counts of gross indecency on a male under the age of 16 between 1983 and 1985. Chandler appeared at Westminster Magistrates' Court today. She is the latest person to be charged by officers from Operation Winthorpe. A total of five people have now been charged by officers from the investigation.
David Totton, 36, admitted driving car into doors of Club Liv in Manchester. Came after bouncers refused to let his friend into the club at 3am. Totton tried to claim attack was meant as 'a joke', but judge ruled otherwise. Totton survived a gangland assassination attempt in 2006 and has 24 convictions.
Anarda De La Caridad Perez Friman, 37, is said to have been'suffering from post-natal depression' She allegedly stabbed her British partner John Joseph Shannon, 31, and their six-week-old baby and her daughter, four. Mr Shannon had initially been accused of killing his partner and the two children, but police now believe Perez Friman to be the culprit.
British children's cook book author Annabel Karmel has slammed Pete Evans' controversial bone broth recipe. She says it's dangerous and ill advised. She is also against sugar free, paleo and low carb diets. She is out to revolutionise healthy meals for kids with a new frozen food range.
Foreign Minister Julie Bishop has sparked a debate over her choice to wear a headscarf during her visit to Iran. Social media lit up as those from both sides of the argument weighed in on whether Bishop was right to cover her head in keeping with local custom. 'Good on #JulieBishop for respecting another country's culture! That's true feminism,' one Twitter user remarked. Opposition Leader Bill Shorten waded into the debate, following Andrew Bolt's comments that Bishop should have'stood up for Western values' and looked 'ridiculous'
Ana Elizondo made headlines in 2012 after she was kidnapped from a parking lot as she was leaving a class at University of Texas, Pan American. The psychology graduate student, 27, was blindfolded and transported through several cars as her abductors made a failed attempt to cross the Mexican border. She escaped the hands of her captors the following day unharmed. On Tuesday she will open up about her experiences on the popular true crime documentary show House of Horrors: Kidnapped on Investigation Discovery.
Larry Reid was arrested about 12:30 p.m. Monday on U.S. Highway 95 near the edge of Boulder City city limits. He was charged with DUI, driving across a median, resisting arrest, not wearing a seat belt and possession of a gun while under the influence of alcohol. Senator Harry Reid announced last week that he will not seek re-election.
Lance Corporal Leonard Keysor served during World War I in Gallipoli. The 30-year-old picked up Turkish bombs and threw them back at the enemy. He received a Victoria Cross for his 48-hour effort. Anzac War Memorial's Brad Manera said his strong arm solidified him as an asset to the Australian army.
Valerie Rutty altered invoices by increasing prices she had commissioned. Then paid difference between actual sums into her own bank account. She stole almost £3,500 from fund at Irlam Primary School in Manchester.
Dame Barbara Hakin was accused of gagging a whistleblower who tried to warn about the impact of targets on ordinary patients. She was investigated by the General Medical Council, which concluded that there was no case to answer. GMC is now reviewing part of this decision and is appointing an independent expert to consider if the original investigation went ‘far enough’ in respect of patient safety.
Marks and Spencer is stocking a limited supply of the 2014 Miraval Rose. The £18-a-bottle wine is produced at the couple's Chateau Miraval estate. Wine Spectator ranked the first vintage at number 84 in its list of the top 100 wines of 2013.
Just 33 per cent of voters plan on supporting Ed Miliband's Labour. Tories on 39 per cent, Labour on 33 per cent, according to ICM poll. Poll comes after Tories unveiled key election pledge to scrap inheritance tax.
Madonna posted picture of former Prime Minister Margaret Thatcher. 56-year-old pop star 'thanked' the Iron Lady for her service. She quickly deleted the post after receiving dozens of abusive messages. One fan wrote: 'Madonna's Thatcher post was too far' Another said: 'Madonna back in my good books. #Thatcher'
Britons spend £100 million a year on cough syrup. Investigation claims branded painkillers are just using 'clever marketing' Some manufacturers simply use the same pills in different packaging.
Terrier named Cookie was attacked during aggravated burglary last year. Joseph Devaney, 23, and Kieron Rolstron, 22, demanded money. Cookie was slashed across the head with a meat cleaver to stop it barking. Devaney brought down the weapon to stop the dog barking before fleeing. Cookie required stitches and is now recovering at home in Clayton Brook, Lancashire. Devaney and Rolstron were jailed for nine and eight years respectively.
Sheriff Mbye died in hospital two hours after he suffered multiple stab wounds. Police were called to a KFC restaurant in Northfield, Birmingham, yesterday. Officers found a 19-year-old with stab wounds in a barber shop. Detectives believe a group of other men were involved and are trying to identify them. An 18-year-old man from Birmingham has been arrested on suspicion of murder.
Man, in his 60s, died after ride-on lawnmower he was using fell into pond. He is believed to have been mowing grass outside property in Wattisham, Suffolk. Family managed to drag him from water but he was pronounced dead at scene.
Jessica Hardy, 23, from Hereford, was desperate to remove her former flame's name from her forearm. She tried to burn it off with acid but suffered chemical burns. Another woman, Jess, 23, from London, had her ex's name tattooed on her bikini line.
Jessica Edgeington, 33, of Villa Rica, Georgia, died Wednesday afternoon. She was a professional diver known for'swooping', where divers speed down to land and swoop over buoys and other obstacles on the surface of a pond as competition. It is unclear what type of dive she was maneuvering, but she appears to have run into a problem in the air. Local media reports say she collided with another diver, causing a problem with her parachute. The crash is currently under investigation.
Timothy McVeigh considered the bombing of the Oklahoma City federal building 20 years ago a failure because the structure was still standing after the blast that killed 168 people. McVeigh also viewed himself as a 'Paul Revere-type messenger' and even suggested his defense team should receive $800,000 from the government. The estimated one million pages of paper documents from Stephen Jones now fill 550 file cabinet-sized boxes at the Briscoe Center for American History at the University of Texas.
Father reveals how his daughter became addicted to cocaine and ecstasy. The teenager was given the drugs by dealers in the school playground. The unnamed father has now written an open letter to his local council. He has called on South Gloucestershire Council to do more to tackle the issue.
Brisbane based DJ-duo Mashed N Kutcher released a viral video. The duo approached a busdriver and 7-Eleven clerk on the street. They then invited the jogger to sing to them. The black-and-white clip has clocked up over 1.25 million views in under a week.
A guest list of 120 people had been invited to Stephanie and Aaron Leeson-Woolley's wedding at the Eat Your Greens venue. The venue is 2km outside the tiny town of Eugowra, in New South Wales' central west region. The car park was empty and silent, with only the sound of crickets and toads in the nearby countryside.
Midwives have been clamping the cord within seconds of birth since 1950s. They feared the drug – since replaced with a safer substitute – could harm the baby. Amanda Burleigh, a midwife at Leeds Teaching Hospitals NHS Trust, believed it was unnatural to clamp the cord when it was still visibly with blood.
When she was just 12-years-old, Chelsea Clinton rocked a tightly curled, unmanageable style of hair. Over the years, her hair began to fade, appearing more and more controlled as the years wore on, before eventually fading completely. Now, the 35-year-old has finally revealed just what happened to her hair in a candid interview with Elle magazine.
Each tomb was filled with bones of up to 60 mummies, with infants kept in small containers, and others repeatedly ripped to pieces while decomposing. Archaeologists have so far opened up seven of the tombs, recovering 171 broken mummies from the ancient ceremonial site known as Tenahaha. The mummies in the tombs ranged in age from several days old to the elderly. But over the years rats had eaten away many of the remains, leaving only fragments. In one tomb, researchers discovered 400 isolated human body parts, including teeth, hands and feet.
Christopher Stefanoni, 50, says his son was demoted after he proposed developments involving affordable housing. Darien is 94 per cent white, with Hispanic residents and fewer than 100 blacks. Stefanoni said two proposals for affordable housing were rejected by town officials. His son was placed on a lower-ranking team and he was banned from coaching. Lawyers for the Little League deny the allegations and have filed a motion to have the suit dismissed.
Doug Gregory, 92, was making his daily trip to the shops when he was hit. He suffered serious head injuries and was flown to hospital by air ambulance. But he died two weeks later after being admitted to Southampton General Hospital. Was awarded the Distinguished Flying Cross for his gallantry in 69 combat missions over Nazi-occupied Europe.
There were at least three reports of people trying to release gopher tortoises in the ocean because they were mistaken for sea turtles. According to the Florida Fish and Wildlife Conservation Commission, all five species of sea turtle and the gopher turtle nest in the sand may confuse one with the other. One can tell the difference between a sea turtle and a tortoise by looking at the animal's feet.
University of Cambridge scientist has revealed his green source of energy. By using just moss he is able to generate enough power to run a clock. He said panels of plant material could power appliances in our homes. And the technology could help farmers grow crops where electricity is scarce. Dr Paolo Bombelli presented his research at a preview of the Pint of Science festival. He is adamant that regular moss could provide an additional source of renewable energy to complement others that are available.
Gang of four tried to flee from police in a stolen Seat Leon on the M42. They were spotted holding up a cash-and-carry in Derby on September 26. The car was followed by an unmarked police helicopter and the gang tried to hide under a bridge. Dramatic footage shows the car ramming two police vehicles as they tried to hide. Police eventually caught up with the men and arrested them on the motorway. Three of the gang have now been jailed for more than 30 years in prison.
Kathleen Bailey, 70, was given power of attorney over her dying friend's finances. Her 87-year-old victim was battling breast cancer and had no children. But the grandmother helped herself to at least £1,500 and used money to finance trips to north Wales. She was handed a 12-month suspended jail sentence after admitting theft.
Police say 35-year-old Donnell Graham fatally shot his wife, Shaquana Graham, 33, and another man in a room at the Quality Inn in Springettsbury Township. The other man, 25-year-old Kristopher Pittman, had been killed by gunshots to the chest. A maintenance and security worker at the motel, Darryl Schock, said at least one of the individuals had checked into the room around 3 a.m. Schock said he was in the breakfast room around 9 a.m. when the guest staying in the room next door reported hearing gunshots.
A new report from Citizens for Tax Justice lists the 15 U.S. corporations that managed to get through 2014 without owing a penny in income tax. CBS, General Electric and Mattel are just some of the names on the list. Most of those 15 received tax rebates in the tens or even hundreds of millions.
Polls suggest the election will be too close to call – with the Tories narrowly ahead in two, while another showed Labour edging in front. News came as an American pollster – who correctly called the winner in 49 of 50 US states in 2008 – concluded that both main parties will struggle to cobble together any kind of workable majority.
Footage shows the seven-day-old foal nuzzling Sunny Bayne's shoulder before pushing her to the ground and lying on top of her belly. The young rider from Kentucky can't stop smiling at the animal's silly antics. Many viewers have deemed the video 'adorable' and 'cute'
Clare Else's husband Andrew was knifed to death by Ephraim Norman. The 52-year-old estate agent was attacked as he got off a bus in Croydon. Norman, 24, had stopped taking medication for his paranoid schizophrenia. He had heard voices in his head telling him to kill, Old Bailey heard. Mrs Else said she is too scared to leave home in case she gets a knife.
Leading member of Paedophile Information Exchange has joined Hacked Off. Tom O'Carroll is a former Open University information officer and former key activist for PIE. He attended rally in Houses of Parliament to lobby MPs for state involvement in media regulation.
Woman, believed to be in her 20s, had to be rescued from River Cam, Cambridge. She is believed to have lost her footing and fallen from the deck after her punt hit another boat. Two of her friends leapt in to save her and staff at a punt hire operator manoeuvred one of their craft alongside to help pull her out. Meanwhile, Britons were given their first taste of spring with temperatures reaching nearly 21C. Families flocked to parks, beaches and promenades across the UK to make the most of the balmy Easter weather.
Crown Princess Mary wore a chic black ensemble to a remembrance ceremony in Aabenraa. The event marked the 75th anniversary of the occupation of the town by Nazi troops. The Tasmanian-born royal was joined by her husband Crown Prince Frederik and their two eldest children.
Incident occurred Wednesday afternoon at Alverta B. Gray Schultz Middle School in Hempstead, New York. Annika McKenzie, 34, walked into the building without being cleared by security and waited in the hallway for her daughter's math teacher, Catherine Engelhardt. McKenzie believed Engelhardt had 'put her hands' on her 12-year-old daughter earlier in the day. A fight then ensued. The teacher was shoved against the wall, placed in a headlock and thrown to the floor. Several students also became involved in the attack, including McKenzie's 14-year-old niece. Another teacher was able to
Stephen Akers-Belcher said he needed time off for compassionate reasons. But he was pictured the same day aboard HMS Warrior, 323 miles from his patch. Mayor of Hartlepool dismissed from his care manager role in Newcastle.
The 22-year-old was recently moved from Emory University Hospital - where she had been treated since being found unresponsive on January 31. Her maternal grandmother Cissy Houston said on Monday that her granddaughter 'is no longer in a medically induced coma' but is not awake nor expected to ever fully recover.
Swan nicknamed Asbaby has been pecking punters on Cambridge's River Cam. Young swan inherited bad temper from his grandfather and father Asbo. Mr Asbo was moved to a location 60 miles away in 2012 after attacking rowers. Asbaby was seen attacking tourists, eating sandwiches and stealing handbags.
Ivana Chubbuck, 62, runs a hugely successful drama school in Los Angeles. She hosts workshops around the globe, as well as in her library. Beyoncé went to Chubbuck when she was about to play Etta James in Cadillac Records.
The runner who won the Boston Marathon in 2013 donated his medal to the city after the deadly terrorist bombings. Lelisa Desisa, 25, of Ethiopia won with an unofficial time of 2 hours, 9 minutes, 17 seconds. Caroline Rotich, 30, of Kenya won the women's division with an unofficial time of 2 hours, 24 minutes, 55 seconds.
Google has been steadily revealing some of the biggest questions its users have typed into the search engine about 2016 presidential candidates. Many of the questions focused on candidates' ages and heights, according to the website. The most popular question typed into Google during that time period was asking how old Clinton is. The second-most popular was 'Is Hillary Clinton a Democrat?' Clinton is 67 years old and a member of the Democratic Party.
Baylee Almon was one of 19 toddlers killed in the worst case of homegrown terrorism America has ever seen, April 19, 1995. The Oklahoma City bombing, planted by veteran US Army soldier Timothy McVeigh, killed 168 American people. One photograph encapsulated the terror: a firefighter emerging from the burning wreckage cradling the lifeless body of Baylee Almon. Her 23-year-old single mother saw the picture on the front page of the local paper the next day. A day later it had swept the world.
Vincent Viafore from Poughkeepsie, New York, was on the rough Hudson River near Newburgh with Angelika Graswald when he was thrown in. He was not wearing a life jacket and was unable to get back into the kayak. Graswald was taken to hospital and treated for hypothermia but her fiance has not been found.
Qasr al-Farid or 'The Lonely Castle' has a sad tale, standing incomplete and abandoned, looking out of place in the vast, barren landscape. Believed to be constructed in the first century A.D. and situated on one of the most important ancient trade routes. Now a UNESCO World Heritage Site, the ancient remains of Qasr al-Farid stand amidst imposing cliffs and striking rocky outcrop.
Sheila Elkan lives in the house that featured as the Leadbetters' home. 84-year-old great-grandmother-of-five has lived in north-west London home since 1986. PM promised to deliver 'the greatest sunshine' of job, home and tax cuts. Ms Elkan: 'From what I have seen Cameron is the best man to give The Good Life'
Kristen Jarvis, 34, is moving on from Washington after seven years of acting as the first lady's go-to gal and constant companion for nearly all her daily tasks. She admits she did not share Michelle's love of D.C. workout craze Solidcore. 'She can have that,' the Spelman College graduate told the Washington Post.
Pennyhill Park has a 45,000sq ft spa, 21 treatment rooms and eight swimming pools. Celebrities including Nicole Kidman and Daniel Craig are regulars at the hotel. England Rugby Team had Pennyhill Park as their training base for the Rugby World Cup.
Comedian Rik Mayall failed to leave a valid will to deal with his £1.2m estate. Experts say could leave his family with a large inheritance tax bill. Mayall played Tory MP Alan B'Stard in ITV series The New Statesman.
Brayden Travis, 18, was left without medical attention for seven hours after taking drugs at a friend's house in Missouri last month. His lungs and kidneys failed and he suffered a stroke and severe brain damage - but he is now conscious and breathing on his own. His mother shared a photo of him in hospital to deter others.
Flight 448 bound for Los Angeles was forced to return to Seattle-Tacoma International Airport Monday when passengers heard banging and pleas for help coming from beneath the aircraft. The unnamed airport worker revealed he might have slept much longer if it hadn't been for the passengers' bags. He called 911 and spoke to a bemused operator for 44 seconds before he was cut off.
Parents who choose not to vaccinate their children may soon be fully blocked from accessing welfare payments and childcare subsidies. Social Services Minister Scott Morrison confirms the government is actively researching possible legislation changes. People who choose not to vaccinate their children for philosophical, personal or religious beliefs are able to apply for an exemption. They can seek if a doctor signs a form showing they understand the risks to their child if they don't get vaccinated.
Richie Benaud, 84, has died after losing his battle with skin cancer. The cricket commentary box legend was being treated with radiation. He had not returned to his commentary job for the Nine Network following a car accident in October 2013. Benaud had been out walking with his beloved wife Daphne every morning in an effort to regain his health.
Luke Shambrook was found just three kilometres from where he went missing at Lake Eildon National Park, northeast of Melbourne. The 11-year-old autistic boy was found just before midday AEST on Tuesday in bushland off Skyline Road, 3km from the campsite. He suffered from dehydration and hypothermia but has been reunited with his mother Rachel and his parents. Luke's autism and limited speech could mean he never reveals what happened.
The NFL has reinstated Adrian Peterson, allowing him to participate in league activities starting on Friday. This after a ban that has been in effect since September 17 of last year following an incident in which he beat his young son with a switch. Peterson met with the NFL two weeks ago to discuss his reinstatement, and he was set to earn $12.75million for the upcoming season with the Minnesota Vikings.
Alice Kovach-Suehn, 56, from Apopka, Florida, was arrested last Friday and charged with elderly neglect. Police say they found the man in her care weighing only 89lbs covered in filth and severely emaciated. The 96-year-old told officers he was being starved and never allowed to eat anything but meat and 'dog feces'
Study reveals that 31 per cent of men have never washed their own car. Only 12 per cent of those that do say they do it regularly, according to study. Three-quarters of women never wash their own car and only five per cent have asked their children to do it as a way to earn extra pocket money.
The donor, Josh Dall-Leighton of Windham said that Maine Medical Center officials informed him this week that it has concerns about the amount of money raised for him. Christine Royles, 24, of South Portland, who is suffering from kidney failure, organized fundraisers to reimburse Dall-Leighton for unpaid time away from work.
Singer Miley Cyrus left her underarms unshaved this week. Many of us spend hours getting rid of body hair. But there may be health benefits to having an ample covering of fuzz.
Researchers from Germany, Canada and the U.S. asked people to imagine killing a young Hitler to prevent WWII. They found that men were more likely to kill to save lives in the short-term. But women were more troubled by the act itself and would do nothing.
Roxy Walsh found the ring at the Finns Beach Club in South Kuta, Bali on Tuesday. The 34-year-old shared a photo of the gold ring she found on Facebook in the hope of reuniting the ring back to its' mystery owner. Over 6000 users joined the page and followed the journey of reuniting the ring back to its' owner. Ms Walsh met with the ecstatic owners, Joe and Jenny Langley, in Noosa, on Queensland's Sunshine Coast, on Sunday.
Alexis Tsipras will meet Vladimir Putin in Moscow today. Reports suggest Kremlin will offer controversial loans and discounts on supplies of natural gas in bid to lessen dependence on West. Visit will raise fears radical left government is looking east in search of alternative sources of finance as it bids to avoid bankruptcy.
Captain Niloofar Rahmani was awarded the U.S. Secretary of State's International Women of Courage Award last week. She is the first female pilot in Afghanistan's history and has received death threats from the Taliban. The 23-year-old was just 18 when she heard the Afghan Air Force wanted to recruit pilots and immediately applied.
Robert Knowles, 68, first broke the law when he was 13 and has been in court at least once a year since 1959. Pensioner has broken the law so many times that prosecutors have lost track of his expansive record. He pleaded guilty to stealing a watch and a pair of cuff links worth £50 from H Samuel in the city centre in his most recent offence and jailed for 16 weeks.
The 41-year-old Australian woman was getting ready for a New Year's Eve party when she started to wheeze. She reached into her bag for her inhaler and heard a 'coarse rattle' Despite this, she thought it was due to a loose connection. She felt a painful scratch in her throat and began coughing up blood. She was rushed to A&E at St Vincent's Hospital, Sydney, where an X-ray showed the earring was stuck in her right bronchus - the airway leading to the lungs. Doctors put a thin tube with a camera on the end
By 2013, the average 75-year-old woman could expect to live another 13 years and five weeks – five weeks less than in 2011, a Government report shows. For a woman aged 85, the expected span was six years and 42 weeks – two and a half months less. If the change becomes a trend, it could mark the end of an expectation by baby boomers that they will continue to live longer.
Amazing illusion is the work of German body-painting artist Joerg Duesterwald. He spent hours painting his model so she would blend in with her surroundings. The stunning set of pictures was taken in a forest in Langenfeld, Germany, yesterday.
Mahendra Ahirwar, 12, has a condition that makes his neck bend and his head hang from his body. His weak backbone means he can't stand or walk and is restricted to a sitting position. His parents say they have consulted more than 50 doctors across India but none could diagnose his condition.
Hackers completely cut transmission of 11 channels belonging to TV5 Monde. Took over its websites and social media accounts for three hours. Director Yves Bigot said the attack was continuing this morning. Hackers posted documents purporting to be relatives of French soldiers involved in anti-ISIS operation in Iraq.
Zbigniew Huminski, 38, has confessed to strangling his nine-year-old victim. She was stripped naked and sexually assaulted and driven to wood. Mother 'heard her daughter's screams' as she was being taken away from school. Huminski was arrested hours later and 'immediately recognised his involvement'
Margaret Bates said she is consumed by one thought - that she wished she had killed James Smith when she first met him. Next year marks the 20th anniversary of Kelly-Anne's death, but Mrs Bates said even with the passage of time, she and her husband Tommy are unable to read the post-mortem report.
Trend is inspired by popular anime character Hestia from Is It Wrong to Try to Pick Up Girls in a Dungeon. Ribbon is tied under breasts and over arms so that they are uplifted every time the arms are raised.
Princess Eugenie, 25, looked glamorous at For The Love Of Cinema dinner. Held during Tribeca Film Festival in New York City on Thursday. She mingled with A-listers and film industry bigwigs.
Researchers from Stanford University used data from 6,588 registered users to determine which colours are most commonly associated with which letters. They then compared these colour-letter matches to fridge magnets sold by Fisher-Price between 1971 and 1990. The results revealed that at least six per cent (400 out of the 6588 participants) learnt'many of their matches' from the popular toy. Among those born in the decade after the toy began to be manufactured, the proportion of synesthetes with learned letter-colour pairings was closer to 15 per cent.
Ian Gibson, 55, was killed by a bull elephant in Zimbabwe on Wednesday. Was measuring its ivory for a U.S. client when the animal charged. Gibson, who was born in Texas, was a well-known figure in U.S. safari community.
Roy Day, 29, and Gerard Lundie, 26, targeted 13 homes over four months. They were each jailed for five years and four months at Birmingham Crown Court. The duo left their DNA at the scenes of some of the crimes they were arrested.
Leanne Kenny ballooned to almost 20st after snacking on leftover goods at her place of work. The 23-year-old worked as a check out girl at the Co-op and would snack on discounted products every day. By the age of 16, Leanne was already a size 20 and felt too embarrassed to go out with her friends.
June Whitfield will make a guest appearance in EastEnders next week. The 89-year-old will play a nun who offers advice to Kat Moon. Whitfield said it was an 'absolute delight' to work with Jessie Wallace.
John Marshall is the son of director Noel Marshall who married Tippi Hedren and spent years living with Melanie Griffith as her stepbrother. He is opening up about the infamous lion film the two made with their parents, Roar. The film became infamous for the injuries received by 70 members of the cast and crew during production. The re-release of the film is due to be shown at a handful of cinemas in the US in April.
After next month's election, ministers could be asked to make sure Easter Day always falls between April 9 and 15. In 1928, the Easter Act was passed in Parliament to make sure that the holiday weekend would be a fixed date in April. Both the House of Commons and House of Lords passed the Act but it was unable to get the agreement of churches and therefore has never been implemented.
America's capital is filled with Underwood wannabes: senators and governors with razor tongues and egos to match. The Capital Grille is a favoured venue for political plots with crisply starched linen, glittering candlesticks and heavy silver cutlery. Washington has many more public monuments than its rival, including the two biggest hits in America: the White House and the National Mall.
Marli van Breda, 16, suffered severe brain damage when she was struck several times on the head in her family's South African home in January. Her father, mother and eldest brother were all killed in the axe attack. Marli's other brother, Henri, escaped with light injuries and rang police to report the deaths at the Stellenbosch home, east of Cape Town. Marli is now suffering from retrograde amnesia. Her extended family revealed in a statement on Sunday that although Marli can't recall the brutal murders, she is able to walk and talk.
'I think this is why we are having this meeting: to make sure that we are continually improving our coordination,' he said. Mr. Abadi had been expected to seek billions of dollars in drones and other U.S. weapons during his visit. But White House spokesman Josh Earnest later said the Iraqi leader did not make a specific request for additional military support during the meeting.
Housing association tenants paying £150 a week to live in flats worth millions. Properties owned by housing associations are now worth several million. Tenants could now get chance to buy them with discounts of up to £102,000. Right-to-buy scheme would be extended to 1.3million homes.
Drivers pulled over on Interstate 20 in Albilene, Texas, to pick up the cash. A video posted on Facebook shows motorists frantically grabbing notes. Police have warned anyone caught with money will be prosecuted.
Hannah Moore, 20, of Broxburn in West Lothian, posted images. She wrote: 'Nobody should be judged by their size because everyone is beautiful' But two minutes later, her account was shut down. Claims it was because images contained 'nudity and violence'
A photo of a 'drunken' young woman was posted on SOHO nightclub’s Facebook page on April 3. It was a week after Luke Lazarus was sentenced for raping an 18-year-old at the club. The photo’s caption said: ‘We’re throwing an extra special Yeezter event Tonight. Free entry till 10pm and $5 drinks till midnight – get amongst it!’ The disturbing image was soon removed by the club's management after a backlash on Twitter.
Chantelle Doherty was involved in a raid on the home of a 92-year-old man. She bluffed her way in and stole several bottles of whisky, a decanter and a phone. Her friend Martin Lawrence, 27, also targeted a man aged 99 claiming he owed him money for non existing paving work. Incidents occurred after Doherty was freed from jail for leading a gypsy girl gang which carried out a string of vicious robberies. Doherty has now been jailed for two years after pleading guilty to burglary and fraud.
Jake Shaw had been volunteering as a climbing instructor at Scout centre. The 21-year-old had fallen 25ft from the upper floor of the building. He was airlifted to hospital in Bern suffering severe injuries. Jake had been celebrating the Swiss National Day with friends. After consuming a large amount of beer he returned to his room in a'very drunk state' It is then believed he lost his balance as he tried to open a bedroom window. Lincolnshire Central assistant coroner Paul Smith concluded that Jake's death was an accident.
Audrie Pott, 15, hanged herself in September 2012 after images were passed around school showing her naked and being sexually assaulted. Two of her attackers have now apologized and said she was unconscious. They also admitted sharing false rumors that'served to shame and humiliate her' Audrie's parents, Lawrence and Sheila Pott, filed a civil lawsuit against the boys to hold them more accountable for their actions.
Prime Minister launches Tory manifesto with seven key policies. Help to Buy ISA, Help to Buy: Equity Loan and shared ownership all pledged. Mr Cameron said: 'The dream of home ownership is alive'
Biso had squeezed into hole in wall at Mohamed Naguib metro station in Cairo. He survived thanks to an elderly man called Uncle Abdo who fed him. Uncle Abdo even came to feed Biso during the revolution in Egypt in 2011. Now, the feline in finally free thanks to a social media campaign.
Sheriff Mbye died after being stabbed outside a KFC in Birmingham. The 18-year-old was taken to hospital but died two hours later. Another 18-year-old was arrested on suspicion of murder on Friday. Today a second teenager was arrested at his home address on suspicion of murder.
Binh and Phuoc Wagner of Kingston, Ontario were adopted by Michael and Johanne Wagner around a year and a half ago from Vietnam. The twins suffer from Alagille syndrome, a life-threatening genetic disorder that causes a loss of the bile ducts within the liver during the first year of life. Mr Wagner was only able to give a portion of his liver to just one of his daughters, leaving him with an impossible choice. Doctors suggested giving the donation to daughter Phuoc, since she needed it the most. Mr Wagner and daughter Phuoc went into surgery on February 10, and it has so far been
Expedition 42 commander Barry Wilmore and flight engineer Terry Virts recorded three spacewalks on GroPro cameras. The clip was recorded to give the future ISS workers an idea of what they can expect when they go into space to maintain the commercial spacecraft. The astronauts can be seen repairing the robotic arm of the space station and installing a new communication system.
bookkeeper Louise Nesbitt accidentally sent her boss a 'complete d***' in a text message. The Perth woman was fired five days after the incident in January last year. She filed a unfair dismissal complaint with the Fair Work Commission.
Two sets of maps include image mosaics and topographical views. Darker blue show deep craters, while the grey and white areas reveal areas of elevation. To the left of these craters is Oceanus Procellarum, which is Latin for 'Ocean of Storms' The map also shows Oriental Maree, an impact crater that was partially flooded by basalts.
Dante de Blasio, 17, is the son of New York City Mayor Bill de Blasio. He has been accepted into several top universities including Yale and Brown. De Blasio is expected to turn to financial aid to help pay for his son's elite education.
Young Palestinian boy takes on six heavily armed Israeli troops in West Bank. He launched a series of missiles before racing back to safety. Incident came as violence erupted during rally to mark Palestinian Prisoners Day.
Lisa Courtney, 26, has spent most of her life collecting Pokemon memorabilia. She now holds the Guinness World Record for the largest collection. Her mother had to move to the smallest room in the house to make room for her daughter's collection.
Justin Jackson 'tricked a New York jeweler into lending him $2.4m worth of jewelry' He 'posed as Madonna's manager, Oprah's nephew and a former Obama aide' He'sent forged emails recommending him for jobs at luxury hotels' Oprah's TV network and Reggie Love are suing him for invasion of privacy.
Ex-Bolton Wanderers striker Delroy Facey is on trial at Birmingham Crown Court. He is accused of being involved in a plot to fix lower league matches. The 34-year-old is alleged to have contacted a non-league player via WhatsApp. He is also accused of telling a contact that some teams would 'do' a game in return for payment.
Shannon Dooley, 30, has founded Eighties-inspired aerobics class 'Retrosweat' Retrosweat is inspired by the era of old-school VHS workouts made famous by Jane Fonda. Dooley says Retrosweat is about having fun and forgetting it's fitness.
Anti-fungal agent miconazole and the steroid clobetasol restored movement to mice paralysed by a rodent version of multiple sclerosis. In laboratory tests, they prompted inactive mouse and human stem cells to regenerate the protective coating around nerve fibres destroyed by the disease. Miconzanole is sold over the counter in most pharmacies as a cream to treat athlete's foot, while clobetasol cream is commonly prescribed to treat eczema.
Ukip has reduced number of constituencies where it is concentrating resources. Party strategist said'something extraordinary' would now need to happen. Ukip will today unveil its manifesto in Thurrock, Essex.
Maajid Nawaz asked for two private sessions at a strip club in east London. Footage shows the prospective parliamentary candidate attempting to touch her arms and thighs. Staff said Nawaz had been pestering the girl all night and his actions had been ‘outrageous’ Nawaz, 37, is also a leading figure in the Muslim community.
Kseniya Soukeras wants to name her unborn child Michael, after her late father. Her husband Nicholas prefers the Greek name Spyridon, after his own father.
David Adam Pate from Lancaster, North Carolina, lured Ricky James, 33, into some woods with wine in November 2013. The 25-year-old told his mother he enjoyed knifing him 39 times. Told police he cut James with a butcher's knife 'just like Michael Myers used in (the movie) Halloween' During an interview after his arrest, Pate even blamed the victim for the murder, saying: 'It was his fault. Why would anyone go drinking and go into the woods with someone who looks like me?' During the sentencing hearing, James's two brothers described him as the
Grey seals have been spied feasting on harbour porpoises that they have killed. The footage was shot by a wildlife cruise company, off the coast of Pembrokeshire. Video footage of one of the attacks shows a male contentedly ripping chunks of blubber off his prey, as the water all around turns bloody. With porpoises similar in size to grown men, it raises concerns that swimmers could be next.
Alfred Guy Vuozzo, 46, shot dead Brent McGuigan, 68, and son, Brendon, 39. Pair were related to driver who killed Vuozzo's sister, Cathy, in 1970. Brent's father, Herbert, who was behind wheel, received nine-month sentence. Vuozzo confronted Herbert's son, Brent, and grandson, Brendon, last August. He shot them both in 'execution-style' slayings to avenge sister's death. On Monday, Vuozzo was sentenced to life in prison; he will not be eligible for parole for 35 years.
UK Oil & Gas Investments say they have discovered 100billion barrels of oil. Consortium made the discovery during test drilling in Horse Hill, Sussex. They say the site has the potential for'significant daily oil production' But experts remain sceptical of the claims, describing them as 'overly optimistic'
Wall-mounted Wak alarm clock creates a ‘personal sunrise’ It emits focused ultrasonic waves to wake up each person individually. Instead of relying on cameras, the device uses a sensor to pick out individuals using body heat. It also has built-in rechargeable batteries and a Wi-Fi connected processor so it can be used with a phone app. Gadget costs $250 (£167) to pre-order on Kickstarter and is due to ship in September.
Ryan Wray, 26, was formally charged with second-degree felony forcible sexual abuse on Friday. Wray, who served as the 2013 and 2014 Pi Kappa Alpha president, was tasked with keeping safe women who 'could no longer take care of themselves' at parties at the off-campus frat house. A woman who went to a party at the 'Pike House' told police she awoke to find Wray 'touching her inappropriately without her approval'
If you're after wild life, a British safari is extraordinarily rewarding. They're all easy to reach, require no deep knowledge, and the wildlife is as reliable as a wild thing can be.
Wandsworth council to remove rule giving automatic place to siblings. Will stop rule giving place to younger children even if family has moved. More than 80,000 children face missing out on their preferred school. 20,000 at risk of being denied any of their preferred choices.
Yazidi girl, 9, has been released after nearly a year as a prisoner in ISIS. She was'sexually abused by no fewer than ten men' while in captivity. She was taken to Germany, where she is receiving medical care, it has been reported. Earlier this week, more than 200 Yazidi prisoners were released near Kirkuk, northern Iraq after being held by ISIS. The freed prisoners said they had been led to believe they were being led to their execution, but instead, were piled onto minibuses.
Amy Hughes, 26, decided to take on the incredible challenge of running 53 marathons in 53 days last year. Started her first marathon in Chester on August 6 and completed her 53rd consecutive run in Manchester on September 27. Challenge saw Amy pound out 1,388 miles and go through five different pairs of trainers as she smashed the world record.
Anonymous donor sent £1.5million donation to Bath Abbey in brown envelope. Said they wanted to help safeguard the church 'for the next hundred years' Handwritten note said 'this generation has a solemn duty to ensure the Abbey is fit and able to carry out its service'
The search for Jessica Bialek has been called off after she returned home. The mother-of-one was last seen leaving her home in Coogee on Wednesday morning, around 8.30am. Her husband Sabino Matera made a desperate plea on Facebook in a bid to help find his wife. Jessica's father Michael Bialek said he simply wants to know his daughter is safe and well, even if she wants to be alone.
Julia Van Herck, 42, from Fulham, West London, ballooned to 23 stone. She wore a size 26 to 28 and ate tubs of ice-cream and pizzas. She feared her husband would leave her and used food as an 'emotional crutch' Has since slimmed down to 11 stone and is a size 12.
Pete Evans has shared two testimonies about the benefits of the Paleo diet. One woman, known as Hollie, claims she no longer suffers multiple sclerosis. Another woman, known as Marg, says she has seen significant health improvements after being on Evans' 10 weeks program. The celebrity chef has drawn criticism from health experts for promoting a controversial caveman 'diet'
The interactive map was created by writer Levi Pearson, who used a UFO sighting dataset from the National UFO Reporting Centre. It begins in 1933 with the first UFO sightings being spotted over California and Nebraska in the US. The number of sightings increases dramatically between the 1940s and the 1960s across the world. Explanations for UFO sightings are just as vague as for aliens themselves, and could be down to the development of drones and new aircraft technologies – or a genuine rise in alien activity. Click on the map below to find out if aliens have been spotted in your neighbourhood.
St. Louis Blues forward Ryan Reaves pulled out his own tooth after being checked into the glass by Chicago Blackhawks defenseman Brent Seabrook. Reaves sat on the bench as he calmly pulled out the loose tooth, which eventually fell into his hand. The Blues beat the Blackhawks 2-1 on Sunday, moving them to the top of the Central Division standings.
The Hyalinobatrachium dianae was found in the mountains of eastern Costa Rica and has a distinctive call. While most of its body is a brilliant lime green, the skin on its underside is see-though, making its organs easily visible. The animal’s heart, liver and gastrointestinal tract are easily visible thanks to translucent skin on its under side.
Doug Hughes, 61, landed his small aircraft on the West Lawn of the U.S. Capitol last Wednesday to protest campaign finance laws. He was carrying 535 letters - one for each member of Congress. His daughter Kathy, 12, has called him a 'patriot' and said she is 'downright proud' of him. Hughes is under house arrest in Florida as he awaits a hearing to determine if he will go on trial for crossing a no-fly zone.
Stephanie Scott, 26, was last seen at a Woolworths supermarket at Leeton, 550km west of Sydney, on Easter Sunday afternoon. Before going to the supermarket, Ms Scott is understood to have been seen at her workplace at about 11am, where her fiancé said she was organising some last second things before their honeymoon. Police have asked anyone who might know of her whereabouts or have any information to come forward.
Yazidi women and girls as young as eight have been abducted from their homes in northern Iraq, raped by ISIS fighters and forced into marriage. Human Rights Watch has collected the accounts of 20 women and girls who escaped from ISIS. Study found fighters were kidnapping women and children as young as eight, forcing them to marry and convert to Islam and raping them repeatedly – sometimes picking their victims’ names out of a sick lottery.
HSBC announced a 1.99 per cent interest rate on a five-year fix. Experts said it was the cheapest ever deal of its kind. Move expected to trigger a flood of rate cuts by other banks and building societies.
WMO Hurricane Committee deemed the name inappropriate because of the eponymous militant group. As the name of an ancient goddess of Egypt, Isis had been on the WMO list of names for hurricanes in 2016. The group stands accused of committing brutal atrocities against civilians by UN war crimes investigators.
The trio were selected after a series of 'difficult' tests to show they are young spies in the making. Project Petra was the first time cameras were allowed to film inside the MI5 building. Comes as Britain’s intelligence agencies launched a fresh drive to recruit more gay, ethnic and disabled spies.
YouTuber Dave Hax’s clever spud solution does away with peelers. Instead, boiling water does all the hard work, allowing chefs to peel potatoes. Video, uploaded only five days ago, has already received more than 1.5m views.
Researchers studied effects of liver transplants on pregnant and non-pregnant mice. Found in young, non-pregnant mice, 82 per cent of the liver had regenerated after two days. But in older, pregnant mice around 96 per cent had regenerated after two days.
More than 700 Asiatic black bears, over a third of those held in captivity in Vietnam, have allegedly been butchered in the past year alone. Farmers claim the animals are dying from disease and old age. But sources say owners are killing them to 'extract the last ounce of blood' and sell their body parts to make Chinese medicine. The paws, meat and gall bladders of the'moon bears' are sold for £625 a bear and smuggled to China for use in traditional medicine.
Governor Jerry Brown last week ordered unprecedented water-use restrictions in California. Residents are turning to techniques that utilize so-called 'gray water' to help them meet the new restrictions. techniques include the toilet that doubles as a sink and used washing machine water used to water fruit trees. The Sierra Nevada snowpack is at 5 percent of normal, the lowest since record-keeping began in 1950.
Emma Hannigan was diagnosed with the faulty BRCA1 gene in 2005. The faulty gene increases a woman's risk of getting breast cancer by 85 per cent and ovarian cancer by 50 per cent. She opted to have a double mastectomy and oophorectomy the following year. But at the age of 33, Mrs Hannigan was told she had breast cancer. Since then, the mother-of-two has battled the disease nine times. She is now undergoing chemotherapy as specialists try to keep the disease at bay.
Nadine Crooks, 33, was told she was infertile after having her fourth child. She stopped taking contraceptives after learning she had polycystic ovary syndrome. Now expecting two boys and a girl with her 35-year-old partner.
Students at McGuffey High School in Pennsylvania organized a so-called Anti-Gay Day protest last week. Protesters wore flannel shirts to school and wrote 'Anti-Gay' on their hands. Students report that LBGT pupils were physically bullied and Bible verses were pinned to their lockers. The event is understood to have been a reaction to the previous day's Day Of Silence event for bullied LBGT pupils.
Ed Sheeran surprised a fan in hospital for her birthday after she had to give up her tickets to his concert when she was diagnosed with cancer. Jess Knight had planned on being at Sheeran's concert in Auckland having bought tickets back in October. Two weeks later she was diagnosed with Acute Lymphoblastic Leukemia. With the help of her friends, Ms Knight launched a social media campaign to catch Sheeran's attention and beg him to visit her in hospital.
The robot, named BB-8, took to the stage at Star Wars Celebration convention in Anaheim, California, where it literally ran rings around retro droid R2-D2. JJ Abrams, the film’s director, confirmed that a real robot was used during filming, but did not reveal how it works. It’s currently a mystery as to how BB-8 moves, but its white and orange case may hide a larger mechanism like that found in Sphero.
Zachary Davis, now 17, is on trial for the murder of his mother Melanie Davis, 46, in August 2012. Court heard how he laughed as he bludgeoned his mother's skull 12 times as she slept and then set his family home ablaze. Davis is charged with first-degree murder, attempted first-degree murder and aggravated arson and the court was shown gruesome images of the crime scene as his trial began on Monday.
A museum in Hawaii is preparing to open a treasure-trove of artifacts from the shipwreck of a royal yacht sunk off the coast of Kauai 191 years ago. Richard Rogers, a Hawaii shipwreck chaser, worked with scientists from the Smithsonian Institution to dredge up the findings from the ship. Kamehameha II, aka Liholiho, the second king of Hawaii, purchased the yacht from George Crowninshield II, who named it 'Cleopatra's Barge' in 1816. The cause of the wreck is unfounded but speculation shows it may have been the combination of an unexpected wind gale and a snapped anchor cable.
Sir David Nicholson is the latest expert to warn that Ed Miliband’s plans will not provide enough cash to keep the service going. He was branded the ‘Man with No Shame’ after refusing to resign over the Mid Staffs scandal.
The high-end resort, which opened in 2010, is renowned as being one of the best in the Algarve for a luxury family holiday. Martinhal, which boasts a fine-dining restaurant, is the only five-star resort in the area to have direct access to a beach. There are also 152 hours and villas in the vicinity, so with 190 accommodation options, there is plenty of choice.
Nigel Short, 49, said women were not suited to playing chess because it required logical thinking. He said women should accept they were 'hard-wired very differently' Mr Short was the first English player to play a World Chess Championship match. Female chess players reacted angrily to Mr Short's statements.
Flight Lieutenant Stephen Beaumont took teddy bear with him on every flight. Pilot gave it Royal crest, RAF tie and his nickname 'Bea' on his chest. Teddy, named Beaumont Bear, expected to sell for £10,000 at auction.
Mary Kay Letourneau and Vili Fualaau met when he was in her second grade class in Seattle and she taught him again in sixth grade. They began to have a sexual relationship when he was 12 and by the summer, he was pregnant with their first daughter. She fell pregnant while on bail and was arrested. She was sentenced to six months in jail and ordered to have no contact with him but weeks after her release, she was found having sex with him in her car. She fell pregnant with their second daughter while she was in jail. The couple, who have two teenage daughters, were
Visual Health Studios in Colorado has developed a weight loss app called Visualize You. It calculates what you would look like if you lost a specified amount weight. Users are shown an original and a slimmer version, with a slider, so they can compare how they would look before and after losing weight. The app, which costs £1.61 ($2.40) on Android and £1.49 ($1.99) on iOS for the full version, has been developed by US company Visual Health Solutions.
This is because your body is under oxidative stress. This is a process that can also happen after smoking, breathing in pollution and even sunbathing. Researchers have shown that higher doses of vitamin E, found in foods such as kale and almonds, can mitigate the stress on immune cells. At 500 milligrams per kilogram of mouse feed, this quantity of vitamin E was ten times higher than was present in their normal food.
Hillary Clinton's armored 'Mystery Mobile' made its long-awaited debut in Iowa on Tuesday. She popped into a coffee house in Le Claire, Iowa, for a cup of joe - and of tea. Unlike on Monday when she stopped at an Ohio Chipotle for lunch, she popped into a coffee house in Le Claire, Iowa, for a cup of joe - and of tea. At Tuesday's stop people actually recognized her. Clinton and top aide Huma Abedin wore sunglasses inside the Chipotle on Monday in the Toledo suburb of Maumee and left without being engaged by anyone other than a cashier.
Mohammed Waqar, 23, and Mohammed Siddique, 60, are accused of assaulting the youngster at the UK Islamic Mission's Jamia Mosque in Sparkbrook, Birmingham. The boy was allegedly slapped repeatedly during religious lessons at the mosque between May 1 and June 13 last year.
Just over 60 per cent of Americans believe global warming is happening. Nearly half blame humans for the change, but opinions vary wildly. People in California are far more worried about the warming planet than those in parts of the central US. Concern about global warming ranges from an estimated low of 38 per cent in Pickett County, Tennessee, to a high of 74 per cent in Washington, D.C.
Nikki Balovich had taken off her diamond-encrusted silver ring as she was pregnant and her fingers were swollen. When she couldn't find it, she suspected their 90-pound baby mastiff Halli had swallowed it up. Finally, almost half a year later, the mystery was solved when the mother-of-three saw a post on a Facebook sales site.
Marisa Curlen, a sophomore at James Madison University in Virginia, was found unresponsive in her room at the sorority house. Toxicology tests are pending; it could take up to three months to find out what the college sophomore had in her system the night she died. Curlen's death left her hometown of Rye, New York, reeling as she became the third member of the 2013 graduating class to die in less than a year.
Davion Navar Henry Only, 16, has been adopted by his old case worker, Connie Bell Going. Davion captured hearts around the nation in 2013 when he made a plea in front of church congregation for a family to 'love him forever' This after Davion was adopted by a minister in Ohio but sent back into the system a few months later when he fought with one of the minister's children.
Delonte Martistee, 22, and Ryan Calhoun, 23, have been suspended from Troy University in the wake of sexual assault claims. The two were arrested after police uncovered cellphone footage of the two of them assaulting an unconscious girl at the Spinnaker Beach Club in Panama City, Florida last month. The video allegedly shows hundreds of people gathered around the girl as the men violate her while she lays on a beach chair. Bay County Sheriff Frank McKeithen likened the scene to 'wild animals preying on a carcass laying in the woods'
The agency released an infographic detailing the various worlds of our solar system suspected to have subsurface oceans. It followed claims by Dr Ellen Stofan, chief scientist for the agency, that we could find life in the next ten or 20 years. Jupiter’s moon Ganymede has a saltwater, sub-surface ocean. Saturn’s moons Europa and Enceladus are also thought to have an ocean of liquid water beneath their surface.
More than 2,000 families have fled the Iraqi city of Ramadi after ISIS forces intensified their offensive on the Iraqi city. ISIS fighters have nearly surrounded the capital of western Anbar province, despite the best efforts of the Iraqi army and arriving Shiite paramilitary reinforcements. The advance is widely seen as an ISIS's attempt at a counteroffensive after being forced to abandon the important Iraqi city of Tikrit, earlier this month. Iraqi forces have been assisted by US led coalition air strikes, which targeted three villages recently captured by ISIS.
Manchester Airport was forced to temporarily suspend flights today. A drone was reported buzzing around the area, causing disruption. Flights were delayed or diverted while a police helicopter scoured the area. No evidence that a drone was operating in air space used by airliners.
James Moody, 24, was on watch when the Titanic hit an iceberg in 1912. The Scarborough-born officer helped passengers into lifeboats but declined to go himself. He was last seen shortly before 2.20am, still trying to launch more lifeboats. Company bosses wrote to his brother asking for £20 to return his body to England. They say it will be family's job to pay for transport to morgue and burial. Letter comes to light after being listed for auction and could fetch £25,000.
Andras Janos Vass, 25, was found guilty of human trafficking and racketeering felonies in Miami-Dade, Florida on Thursday. He lured men to the U.S. with the promise of easy work and high wages. He then kept them captive in New York City and forced them to perform sex work at all hours, either in person or on webcams. He faces a maximum sentence of 155 years in prison.
Kendall Schler was spotted at the beginning of the race and the end of the race, and while Schler's actual course is unknown, the starting point of the race are suspiciously just three blocks apart. Schler claims to have removed both the magnetic strips meant to record her times from her race (violation of race protocol) and since no photographs of her were taken along the way there is no proof she is the rightful winner.
The heavily-militarized guard referred to Ferguson protesters as 'enemy forces' during demonstrations last year, according to a new report. Activists in the Missouri suburb, protesting over the fatal shooting of unarmed black teen Michael Brown by a white cop, were also known as 'adversaries' Guardsmen were seen rolling through the streets of the suburb in tanks wearing combat gear and carrying assault rifles.
Cristina Coria, a stay-at-home mom with a nine-month old child, helped police nab the 18-year-old suspect. She arranged to meet the man with her husband at a gas station parking lot near I-45 in Houston, Texas. When the seller showed up, Coria and her husband stalled him while waiting for police to arrive. Police arrived after a wait Coria said approached two hours and arrested the man.
Atmospheric scientists say anaesthetic gases are having an increasing effect on climate. Desflurane, isoflurane and sevoflurane have reached 0.097, 0.13 and 0.0092 parts per trillion in the atmosphere respectively. They have 2,500 times the impact on global warming compared to carbon dioxide. An estimated 280 tonnes of anaesthetic gases are used every year.
Researchers scanned the brains of people reading the Harry Potter books. They found the use of 'arousing words' affected parts of the brain. This is because the emotional potential of words is rated in terms of 'valence' and 'arousal' These terms refer to how positive or negative a word is, and how it affects the reader and their view of the word or text. Study found the more emotionally arousing words a text contained, the more it was judged to be emotionally affecting.
The brutal murder of Emmanuel Sithole was captured on camera and shocking images show men stabbing him and beating him with a wrench. Anti-immigrant violence has spread across South Africa in recent weeks and the government has now sent in troops to control the riots.
Almond growers in California are at the centre of a row over water usage. State supplies more than three-quarters of world's $4.93billion(£3.3bn) almond market. Campaign singles out Nestle as the main villain, after it was revealed that the company has been sourcing water from some of the driest areas in the state using expired permits.
Graham Palmer, 52, has been delivering announcements since Christmas last year. He likes to mix up the messages with self-penned couplets to make them more interesting. The local hero says he's taking the Mickey out of himself a bit 'but at least it's getting the message across'
Italian bio-designers MHOX has unveiled project is has been working on to 3D print organic tissues to produce working body parts that can replace the eyes of people suffering from disease. The group plan to combine the biological tissue with microscopic wireless technology to provide additional functions and give super human eyesight. MHOX say their synthetic eyes, which include lenses that improves the image sharpness and can put filters over the vision, could be available by 2027.
Atlanta Hawks player Thabo Sefolosha was arrested last week in New York. He was charged with obstructing governmental administration. The 6'7'' swingman was left with a broken right fibula and torn ligaments. Sefolosha has been ruled out for the rest of the NBA season.
Stocks of the influenza vaccine are arriving a month later than expected. Scientists have included protection against Influenza A strain H3N2 and Influenza B strain B/Phuket. There was a spike in deaths related to H3N2 and B/Phuket in Europe and the US during the northern winter as the vaccine did not cover the strains. High-risk groups will be able to access free, government-funded flu shots from April 20.
Google introduced the app in February as a'safer' place for kids to explore videos because it was restricted to 'family-focused content' But the consumer activists say the app is so stuffed with advertisements and product placements that it's hard to tell the difference between entertainment and commercials. The activists say digital media should be subject to the same rules as television, which limits commercial content on kids' programming.
Dallas nurse Nina Pham contracted Ebola while caring for Thomas Eric Duncan, the first U.S. patient to die from the deadly disease. Pham remains employed at Texas Health Presbyterian Hospital Dallas but has not returned to work. A man visiting Dallas from Liberia, Thomas Eric Duncan, died October 8 at the hospital. Pham and another nurse caring for Duncan contracted Ebola but survived.
Prime Minister reveals 11-year-old Nancy likes to liken him to Phil Dunphy. PM admits the comparison is 'not great' with even his fashion getting the thumbs down. Dunphy, played by Ty Burrell, is one of the stand-out characters in the US show.
Cindy Santamaria-Williams, of Stroudsburg, Pennsylvania is covered in bruises and has a broken eye socket following the alleged attack on Easter Sunday. Santamaria-Williams said she shushed three girls in the dark theater during Fast and Furious 7 because they were cursing loudly. Police are on the hunt for the teenagers and said that they will face assault charges if caught.
Tyrus Byrd, 40, was sworn into office in Parma, Missouri last week. But her election victory was overshadowed by the departure of the majority of the police force, the city attorney, the city clerk and water treatment supervisor. The officials all cited'safety concerns' in their resignation letters, the outgoing mayor says. There are around 700 people living in the community and, according to the US Census Bureau, 57percent are white and 41percent are black.
The writer slammed Warner Brothers in 2012 for dropping plans to make a movie trilogy and TV mini-series. Three years later, things are back on track - this time with Sony. The eight-book series follows a 'gunslinger' on his journey towards a tower.
The Wonderland House in Brighton sleeps up to 24, with tea party sets, Queen of Hearts themed bunk beds. Jacqueline Martin designed the incredible house in less than a year, sourcing the materials online from other countries. The Looking Glass Cottage, also in Brighton is a smaller but charming property, which brought Jacqueline's love of the book to life.
Young Thai boy holds onto a tiny blue and yellow fishing rod. Approaching the water, the boy reels rapidly, but it isn’t clear if he has hooked anything. As it splashes about, the youngster puts his hand into the lake to catch it. He then lays it on the floor before confidently putting his finger in its mouth.
Reddit users have been comparing the most effective punishments. Best schemes are ones that embarrass a child so that they are too mortified to consider falling foul of their parents again. Others that work very well include the mind-numbingly dull chores.
Marilyn Zuniga, a teacher at Forest Street School in Orange, New Jersey, has been suspended without pay. She had her third graders write letters to Mumia Abu-Jamal and then sent them to the cop killer as he was recovering in hospital from collapsing in prison. Abu-Jamal's supporters say photos of the prison journalist released this week by his wife show how ill and frail he is. The former Black Panther is serving life behind bars for the 1981 murder of white Philadelphia police Officer Daniel Faulkner.
Zella Jackson Price, 76, was told shortly after delivering her baby that the infant had died. But the baby was still very much alive and had for an unknown reason been given up for adoption. Gilmore's four children found their mother through a name given to her by her adoptive parents. The pair did a DNA test and confirmed Price was Gilmore's mother.
A proposed ban on alcohol in Indonesia could deter Australians from holidaying in Bali. The number of Australians visiting Bali over the past two months was up 16.7 per cent from the same period last year. Indonesia Institute president Ross Taylor says it is unfortunate the fate of Bali Nine drug smugglers is probably third on the list of concerns about Indonesia among fellow nationals.
Shadow chancellor refused to rule out a five-point rise in corporation tax. He was also evasive about the 40p rate of income tax. The main rate has been brought down from 28 per cent to 21 per cent.
Mass doggy wedding was billed the first of its kind to be held in China. The collective ceremony was organised by a new social media app for pets. Canine couples arrived in BMW convertibles and a stretch Hummer limousine. Among the guests were Chinese Olympic gymnast and gold medallist Teng Haibin, who married off his pet.
Cleopatra believed that smelling divine was the real key to a man's heart. According to scientists, perfume can make us more attractive. Perfumers spend vast amounts of time and money creating fragrances that evoke positive feelings of satisfaction and sensuality.
Morrissey has written a letter to The Just Group imploring them to stop using angora wool. The retailer owns Just Jeans, Portmans, Dotti, Peter Alexander, Jacqui E, and Jay Jays. PETA have successfully petitioned a number of Australian and international retailers to stop selling angora wool. The organisation revealed the horrific treatment of rabbits on angora farms in China.
Stefan Stoykov is a senior at North Central High School in Indianapolis, Indiana. He moved to the US from Bulgaria as an eight-year-old when he could not speak a word of English. Brown, Columbia, Cornell, Dartmouth, Harvard, Penn, Yale and Princeton have all come knocking.
Jalin Smith-Walker, 19, is wanted by police after video of her running over a rival with her car in a street fight appeared online this week. In December, Smith-Walker was arrested for dragging a mall security guard several feet when he tried to stop her on suspicion of shoplifting.
Since Barbie's style Instagram account launched last August, swarms of fashion lovers have become fans of the Mattel icon's 'official style feed' @BarbieStyle was created by Barbie's vice president of design, Kim Culmone.
The Big Lottery funded survey found 80% of young people feel lonely. Half of those aged 55 and over said they never felt lonely. 43 per cent of 18 to 34-year-olds admitted they wished they had more friends.
Drivers can now refuse customers based on sexual orientation or gender identity. Bill was originally designed to protect companies from discrimination. But Republican Sen. Jason Smalley rewrote the bill to allow drivers to discriminate.
Fast food giant installed metal studs outside branch in Leeds city centre. Critics say they are there to stop people sleeping rough and are uncomfortable. McDonald's says they were installed two years ago to stop anti-social behaviour.
Michael Fallon said Putin would be happy with Miliband as PM because he cannot be trusted to keep our Trident submarines. Defence Secretary said full replacement of Trident would be a'red line' in any second Conservative-Liberal Democrat coalition. Survey suggests up to three-quarters of Labour election candidates oppose the replacement of Britain's Trident nuclear deterrent.
Ophelia Conant was left hanging by her neck as she tried to climb out of her cot. Her mother Louise Conant was watching her on the baby monitor. Days later a second toddler was found dangling from the £450 bed. Phillip Dickens, who supplied the beds, was today fined £50,000. He was given a suspended prison sentence at Amersham Crown Court.
John Frost is a Customs specialist at London airports. He has had to politely listen to people lying through their teeth at you. Drugs are often hidden in hollowed-out disposable lighters.
Five-year-old Aluel Manyang believes her three siblings who died in the crash were eaten by crocodiles in the water. Her siblings - one-year-old brother Bol and four-year-old twins Madit and Anger - died after their mother Akon Guode crashed her 4WD into a lake at Wyndham Vale in Melbourne's outer west. Aluel was moved from the intensive care unit at the Royal Children's Hospital on Friday and greeted her distraught mother with a 'big hug' Her father, Joseph Tito Manyang, says five-year-old Awel remains in a serious condition at
Money expert Michelle Hutchison says there are easy ways to improve the look and feel of your home for prospective buyers. She says going to the local hardware store and buying a few tins of paint can make a world of difference in just a few hours. Changing the door handles is her first tip. Painting the walls and getting rid of marks on doors and frames are also easy fixes.
Hattie Gladwell blogs about her experience of living with an ostomy bag after she underwent emergency surgery for ulcerative colitis. She has called for the new Tips From Former Smokers ad, commissioned by the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention, to be banned. The advert features Julia, 58, of Mississippi who smoked for more than 20 years before she developed colon cancer. The 30 second ad features her warning smokers that she has to use an ostomy bag taped to a hole in her abdomen as a consequence of smoking.
Best stories are from his days as editor of the William Hickey gossip column in the Daily Express. Esser is now an elder statesman of the national Press.
Foreign Secretary Philip Hammond has pledged to protect the Falklands. Comes after Argentina began legal action against British companies. President Cristina Fernandez de Kirchner made provocative speech last week. She said: 'We will see the islands form part of our territory again'
Australian entrepreneur Jo Burston, 43, turned over $40 million in her first four years of business. Burston caught the attention of Richard Branson while staying on his private retreat Necker Island. She has now launched her new business venture 'Inspiring Rare Birds' to empower women in business.
Karen Buckley, 24, went missing after leaving Glasgow nightclub on Sunday. She told friends she was going to the toilet but did not collect her coat. CCTV footage showed her talking to a man outside the club at 1am. She then got into his car and drove to his flat in nearby Kelvindale. Police say they have traced the man and he is not being treated as a suspect. Miss Buckley's parents Marian and John have travelled to Glasgow to help in search.
The man was found on the streets of Gniezno, western Poland, in February. He told police that he has no memory of who he is or where he is from. He has remained in a psychiatric unit but his memory has not returned. Polish police have released images of the man and asked experts for help.
Keith MacDonald, 29, has sired a massive brood with at least ten mothers. The total benefit bill racked up by him and his offspring has been estimated at £2million from birth to 18. MacDonald was set to become a father for the sixteenth time but has revealed he's split from the unborn child's mother. He said: 'There is no baby - it's not mine and I'm single now'
Crime victims are waiting up to 50 per cent longer for emergency help. Response times have increased by an extra couple of minutes in some areas. Police officers across England and Wales have fallen by 17,000 since 2009. Labour's Yvette Cooper said victims of crime were being put at risk. The Home Office dismissed the claims saying crime levels were falling.
Freddie Gray, 27, died a week after his arrest in Baltimore, Maryland. He was taken into custody by four officers for an undisclosed violation. Gray was placed in restraints in a police van and then an ambulance was called to the police station 30 minutes later. Gray died on Sunday morning at the University of Maryland Shock Trauma Center, likely from spinal injuries. Mayor Stephanie Rawlings-Blake vowed to ensure the city held 'the right people accountable'
Dennis Sears changed his will to leave everything to live-in home help Nermin Kancefer months after she moved in to his £615,000 flat. His family claimed the carer exploited the 'vulnerable' childless widower, who had Parkinson's disease and was in poor health. Mother-of-one insists Mr Sears had a change of heart after falling out with his family.
The Project was promoting their upcoming interview with US comedian Michael Che when they accidentally used footage of Jay Pharoah. Waleed Aly apologised for the embarrassing mistake, admitting 'we stuffed up' later on during the program after the mistake was flagged by gobsmacked Twitter users. Pharoah saw the funny side of the incident and shared viewers’ tweets about the blunder on his own account. Waleed Aly was the subject of a strikingly similar mix-up earlier this year when The Age printed a photo of 'Legally Brown' comedy star Nazeem Hussain in its entertainment column.
The oceans are still so little-explored that billionaires are queuing up to buy vessels that give them a glimpse of the dramatic seascapes. The Migaloo by Motion Code: Blue boasts a helipad, a two-storey owner's suite with a private patio and eight VIP suites. The Super Yacht Sub 3 is known as the sports car of the seas and lets a pilot and two passengers plunge 300 metres below the surface.
Omura's whale was discovered on a remote Exmouth beach in WA. It is the first sighting of the species in the state and only the second in Australia. The species is usually found in Indonesian waters, the Philippines and the Sea of Japan. It has a sleek body shape and several unique skeletal features, including 53 vertebrae and four digits on each pectoral fin.
The election has bought with it a bizarre batch of merchandise in a bid to sway the nation. Many of the unusual trinkets can be purchased on the official party websites. Ukip have focused on a more wearable range of accessories.
Mohammed Nisar, 55, had been driving Adrian Quinn to Walsall train station. Mr Quinn, 46, had been carrying the cash after cashing a cheque following his mother's death. On realising his mistake he felt 'dazed' and tried to flag down another cab. Mr Nisar eventually arrived back at the taxi rank in a flustered state. He returned the bag safely on the passenger seat and was rewarded.
The Duchess of Cambridge has worn a number of High Street labels. Among them are Hobbs, ASOS and Seraphine. Zara has made way for Hobbs but L.K Bennett remains a favourite.
Charge came to light when customers sought to claim money back from travel insurers after French air-traffic strikes. They were asked to provide an airline letter confirming cancellation. easyJet told hard-hit passengers to pay a £10 fee for the letter. Association of European Airlines said customers should not be charged.
Maya Pindeus and Johanna Pichlbauer created the 'beautification' machine. The University of Vienna students wanted to explore relationship between humans and machines. Visitors to the show were filmed trying out the make-up robot.
Robert Ewing, 60, accused of murdering 15-year-old Paige Chivers in 2007. He allegedly had an 'inappropriate sexual interest' in the schoolgirl. He called police two weeks prior to killing to see how officers would react. Paige vanished after a row with her father at their seaside home in Lancashire.
Ronald and June Phillips were on holiday off the coast of Lanzarote. They had enjoyed dinner and an evening show in the cruise ship's bar. But their relaxing night was shattered by a violent confrontation. The elderly couple were ambushed outside their room by a passenger. Graeme Finlay, 53, says he was 'ignored' when he joined their table. He claims Mr Phillips, 70, later struck him with his crutch during a confrontation but the couple say they were ambushed.
Erica Ann Ginneti, 35, pleaded guilty in December to institutional sexual assault and disseminating sexually explicit materials to a minor. Montgomery County Court Judge Garrett D. Page reportedly asked 'What young man would not jump on that candy?' before sentencing her to 30 days in jail. Ginneti will also face three years’ probation, 100 hours of community service and will have to register as a sex offender for the next 25 years.
All three major political parties have backed calls for an inquiry into pay. Jeremy Hunt said a future Conservative government would look into the findings 'in detail' Royal College of Nursing described pay rise as'shocking'
Dave Heeley, 57, ran the gruelling challenge over six days. He battled through sand dunes, dried river beds and rocks. Temperatures in the desert can reach 50 degrees during the day.
Deputy Labour leader refused to rule out above-inflation increases in taxes on fuel, alcohol, tobacco or air fares. Chancellor George Osborne said the remarks showed Labour would bring back the ‘fuel duty escalator’, which raised the levy by the level of inflation plus 1p per litre.
120 confirmed HIV cases and 10 preliminary positive cases tied to Scott County, about 30 miles north of Louisville, Kentucky. That's up from 106 last week, said the Indiana State Department of Health. Growing number could put pressure on Pence to extend the 30-day needle exchange program that he approved on March 26.
Bill and Denise Richard wrote a moving op-ed for the Boston Globe on Tuesday, a day after the two-year anniversary of the attack. On April 15, 2013, brothers Dzhokhar and Tamerlan Tsarnaev detonated two pressure cooker bombs at the finish line of the Boston Marathon, killing 8-year-old Martin and seriously injuring more than 260 others. Last week, Tsarnaev was found guilty on all 30 charges related to the attack. Next week, the jury will decide whether to sentence him to death or life in prison without the possibility of parole.
Gemma, 34, expanded her plus-size range for Evans. Showed off seven new designs at flagship store in Manchester. Says she designs everything with her customers in mind.
Noelle Baynham's body was found by a friend who let himself in after she failed to answer the door. It is believed the 61-year-old collapsed and died following an accidental overdose of medication. The most likely cause of death was an accidental overdose, an inquest heard.
Lake Titicaca is the highest navigable lake in the world. It lies just south of Puno, at an altitude of 13,000ft. The island of Taquile is home to 1,700 people.
The eight-inch leather dildo with a wooden head was found in Gdansk, Poland. It dates back to the second half of the 18th century and was found in the latrine of an old school of swordsmanship.
Parking charges topped a table of the most-loathed fees and charges. They were followed by ATM cash withdrawal fees and debit and credit card surcharges for booking items such as air travel. A total of 48 per cent said they should be free, while 31 per cent thought they are too high and 15 per cent say they are often hidden.
Sabrina Osterkamp was last seen leaving her home in Naracoorte at about midday on Sunday. The 25-year-old was driving a friend's car about 110km south to Mount Gambier in South Australia's southeast. The car was discovered the same afternoon on Bay Road in the heart of Mount Gambier but Ms Osterkamp was nowhere in sight.
Teenager wanted to obtain abrin, which is 30 times more deadly than ricin. Caught after an investigation was launched by the North West counter-terrorism unit. He pleaded guilty to trying to buy the toxin at Manchester Youth Court. He will be sentenced later this month for the offence contrary to the Criminal Attempts Act 1981 and Section 1 of the Biological Weapons Act 1974.
USS Theodore Roosevelt deployed to waters off Yemen in'response to deteriorating security situation' Cargo ships' presence raised fears within Saudi-led coalition fighting Houthi rebels. Coalition of Arab countries continued aerial assault on the rebels today. At least 20 killed in capital Sana'a as ground fighting intensified.
Attacker detonated explosive-laden motorcycle in Jalalabad, Afghanistan. Group were waiting to receive their monthly salaries as crowds bustled. Islamic State has since claimed responsibility for the attack, President said.
Pumpkin seeds are rich in vitamins A, K and E, as well as vital minerals and fatty acids, which can help strengthen hair and even help boost hair growth. Pumpkin seed oil helps promote normal cell structure and retains moisture, which ensures skin is hydrated and youthful.
Three-bedroom apartment in Knightsbridge, London, is on sale for £575,000. But the 'bargain' property has just three years left on the lease. The cost for a three-year lease would work out at £191,000 per year. But if any buyer decides to extend the lease, the property could be worth upwards of £6 million.
Jourdan, 24, and Naomi, 44, model Burberry's new Gabardine collection. Pair first teamed up for brand's spring/summer 2015 campaign.
Jia Huaijin, 33, now hand-makes swords in rural China. The ancient art of sword making gradually declined over the years. Mr Jia uses the 2,000-year-old technique to make the traditional swords.
Abdul Hadi Arwani, 48, was found dead in a car in Wembley on Tuesday. He was a preacher at the An-Noor Mosque in Acton, West London. Friends say he may have been killed for his outspoken opposition to Assad. His son Murhaf said: 'He was the most peaceful man you could ever wish to meet'
The offspring of some of Sydney's style set have been front and centre at the presentations of Ellery, Alice McCall and Maticevski. Style blogger Hass Murad and PR maven Roxy Jacenko were both pictured with their mini-me's this week. Designer Camilla Freeman-Topper brought her daughter along to the Ten Pieces show at Bondi Icebergs on Thursday.
Usually we would still be eating vegetables imported from Spain and South America. But thanks to endless days of sun and temperatures we would not expect until August, English tomatoes and asparagus are already on the shelves. Waitrose announced yesterday the early arrival of its first British tomatoes of the year.
Polish prince challenges Nigel Farage to a sword fight over immigration. Janek Zylinski posted the challenge online after declaring he had 'had enough' Mr Zylinski is the son of Polish war hero Captain Andrzej Zylinski. The cavalry officer led a victorious charge against the Nazis in 1939.
Labour leader says the bobby on the beat is 'at risk of disappearing' Police and crime commissioners would be axed to fund neighbourhood policing. Comes after Lord Stevens is to be investigated over Stephen Lawrence probe.
The converted four-bedroom home on Lawrenny Court was built as a garage to service the generous 57-room mansion Homeden. Around 25 years ago, the distinctive Toorak home was thoughtfully converted into the polished residence it is today. The blackwood and copperlight archway has been tastefully adapted to suit the light-filled property. Ada Taylor, from R T Edgar Real Estate, said the beautiful property is reminiscent of the Audrey Hepburn classic Sabrina.
One in seven couples have trouble conceiving - and it's often not clear why. Isabelle Obert, who runs Nurture Me Fertility, believes a diet rich in minerals, vitamins, essential fats and proteins can prepare both a man and a woman for conception.
Petri Kurti murdered Glynis Bensley as she walked home in Smethwick. The 13-year-old had just mugged the 47-year-old for money. He then stamped on her face so hard it left a footprint on her cheek. Kurti was jailed for a minimum of 12 years and will be on licence for life. Co-defendant Zoheb Majid was jailed for 10 years for manslaughter.
Jessica Bialek was last seen leaving her Coogee home at 8.30am on Wednesday. The 37-year-old mother-of-one is described as being of Caucasian appearance, 170-175cm tall, with a slim build. Her husband Sabino Matera made a worried plea on Facebook in a bid to help find his wife. Jessica's father Michael Bialek said he simply wants to know his daughter is safe and well, even if she wants to be alone.
Sacked Top Gear presenter said warning was one of his most stressful moments. 'I woke every morning worrying about every single line,' he said. 'I went to bed at night worrying that the changes I'd made during the day were wrong,' he added.
Victorian police have released an image of a man they want to speak to in relation to a suspected arson attack on a Melbourne church. St Mary's Catholic Church in Dandenong is said to be the site of child sex attacks perpetrated by now-deceased paedophile Father Kevin O'Donnell. On March 30, heritage-listed St James Catholic Church in Brighton was mostly destroyed by fire. St Mary's Catholic Church in St Kilda was found with a small amount of fire damage to a door.
Harry was out with his parents in Cambridge on Bank Holiday Monday. He was caught under a cyclist's wheel and dragged along the path. Cyclist left toddler with blood pouring from his face and mouth. Police have now urged the cyclist to contact them over the incident.
Jim Jepps used a blog called The Daily Maybe to defend 'rape fantasies' Also questioned why teachers who have relationships with pupils are put on sex offenders register. The couple met five years ago when Ms Bennett contacted him to correct something he had written about her. Green party insists they do not 'want to be associated' with his remarks.
Linda McLean was in her classroom at Pine Eagle Charter School in Halfway, Oregon in August of 2013 when a masked man in a hoodie burst in with a gun. The 56-year-old elementary school teacher had no clue it was a drill to test her 'preparedness' or that the gun was loaded with blanks. 'You're dead,' the shooter said. 'She wondered if she was really shot and was going to die'
The devastated father of murdered school teacher Stephanie Scott has opened up about the grief his family is feeling. Robert Scott said it is especially painful that his daughter's life has been taken away when she had so much to look forward to. Stephanie Scott was due to marry her childhood sweetheart Aaron Leeson-Woolley on Saturday April 11. The ceremony was supposed to take place at the picturesque Eat Your Greens venue in Eugowra. The day before her body was discovered, Mr Leeson-Woolley was inconsolable at his fiancée's memorial.
Beset by technical problems on its flagship Model S, Tesla in early 2013 was on the verge of bankruptcy. In March 2013, Musk contacted Google co-founder Larry Page, according to the excerpt, which cited two people close to the situation. Musk proposed that Google buy Tesla for $6 billion and promise an additional $5 billion in factory expansions. He also demanded that he be permitted to run Tesla as a unit of Google for eight years, or until Tesla produced a third-generation car.
Ancient civilisations were hit by a 'perfect storm' of disasters 3,200 years ago. The Ancient Egyptians, Babylonians, Minoans and Mycenians were unable to cope. Collapse of one civilisation also affected the others, according to Professor Eric Cline, director of the Capitol Archaeological Institute at George Washington University. Droughts, famines, climate change, earthquakes, invasions and internal rebellions between 1225BC and 1177BC happened in quick succession, he claims.
Study found sons of fathers with a criminal record for sex offending were nearly four times more likely to be convicted of such crimes. Biggest study of its kind suggests sex offending could run in the family along the male genetic line. Findings show 40 to 50 per cent of the differences in risk between close relatives of offenders and men from the general population were genetically driven.
Kate T. Parker, from Atlanta, Georgia, was inspired to create her aptly-titled series Strong is the New Pretty while pouring over photos she snapped of her daughters Ella, nine, and Alice, six.
Tim Tebow hasn't played a snap in the NFL since being cut by the New England Patriots before the 2013 season. The team announced the contract Monday but did not disclose the financial terms of the deal the club reached with the 2007 Heisman Trophy winner. Tebow has thrown 173 completions, 17 touchdowns and nine interceptions in 35 games in the NFL.
Annabel Jensen, Grayson Moore and Sara Jade Woodhouse are all from Utah. They are not officially recognized by the Church of Latter Day Saints. However, they have found a way to exist within the religion. Around 30 transgender Mormons meet every week in a support group.
Mick Tabone first came across the 5.2 metre croc in 1989. The farmer had been trying to capture the animal for two years. Gregory had been stealing local cattle and drowning them. Mr Tabone spent six months setting up traps to try and capture the croc. He was finally able to catch the reptile after 'freak weather'
The suit is normally on display at Graceland, the singer’s former home-turned-museum. It is making a special two month appearance at the Elvis at The O2 exhibition. Even during Presley’s lifetime, the tuxedo carried a level of mystique.
Max Maisel went missing on February 21 and was last seen leaving his vehicle near Lake Ontario, New York. The 21-year-old's body was spotted by a fisherman around 200 yards from a coast guard station on Monday. The family, from Fairfield, Connecticut, have owned a five-bedroom vacation house near the area he went missing since 1999.
Rafi Meitiv, 10, and his sister Dvora, 6, were picked up by police and Maryland CPS on Sunday in Silver Spring, Maryland. A concerned citizen called 911 after seeing the siblings unaccompanied near a neighborhood park around a third of a mile from their home. The Meitivs have been cited multiple times for allowing their kids to roam free in their suburban neighborhood. Free-range parenting is the name given to a style of raising kids in opposition to so-called 'helicopter parenting'
Mohonk Mountain House is a faux-gothic Victorian castle hotel in the Hudson Valley. The hotel sits on the banks of Lake Mohonk in New York State's Hudson Valley. The Granary restaurant serves fine meals on an open-air grill overlooking the lake.
Adelaide Crows captain Taylor 'Tex' Walker was pictured offering a helping hand to a seven-year-old girl who burst into tears. Satine Cahill was serving as the team's mascot ahead of their match against North Melbourne at Adelaide Oval on Sunday. She became spooked by the fireworks and rumbling 47,000 fans in the stadium. Tex quickly stepped up to help calm the schoolgirl down before taking her hand and walking with her onto the field.
Agnese, 30, disappeared after a night out at Puerto Banus nightclub Aqwa Mist. Privately-educated Westley Capper, 37, has admitted driving her away. He refused to be questioned after being summonsed to court yesterday. Co-accused Craig Porter, 33, also declined to answer questions during hearing.
Charlotte Li, 26, from London, decided to design Healthy Selfie with her husband Joe. They both achieved incredible results taking selfies while on a health kick. Charlotte continued to take photos each week and would compare them to see how far she had come.
Justin Welby will say the students were 'witnesses' to their faith. Comments follow Pope Francis's denunciation of the'senseless' killings. David Cameron said it was 'truly shocking' that Christians were tortured.
Rachel Lehnardt, 35, 'had sex with an 18-year-old in the bathroom and later awoke to find a 16-year-old having sex with her' She 'used sex toys on herself in front of her daughter and showed her pictures of her having sex with her boyfriend' The girl, 16, has now defended her mother on Twitter, saying: 'She used to be a great mom' Lehnardt has been charged with two counts of contributing to the delinquency of a minor and her lawyer has said she is remorseful for what happened.
Footage shows car being driven by ISIS suicide bomber being catapulted into the air. Blasted skywards after hitting what appears to be roadside bomb near Kirkuk. Car erupts in ball of flames just as it begins to fall back down to earth. Latest in a string of videos released by Kurdish forces showing ISIS attacks.
Edwin 'Jock' Mee, 46, is accused of attacking 11 victims between 2010 and 2011. One alleged victim said she saw him as a 'father figure' after he helped her join the Army. Court heard that he repeatedly asked the teenager if she wanted to have sex with him.
Sir Ranulph Fiennes, 71, completed most gruelling stage of race today. But explorer was taken straight to medical tent because of concerns for his heart. He was forced to lie down intermittently during last few hours of run because of fears he would not be able to finish the stage.
Zimbabwe's president appeared to be sporting a new hairstyle and earrings. However, it was in fact just a cleverly taken shot of a woman standing behind him. Mugabe arrived into South Africa today for a three-day state visit to the country. It is claimed he wants his 24-year-old daughter Bona to succeed him.
Darduna family say they were 'tricked' into parting with the valuable item. Bilal Khaled is accused of buying the Niobe mural for just $200. Darduna family say they feel cheated by the sale and have filed a complaint.
Robert 'Bob' Burns Jr died late Friday in a single-vehicle crash near Cartersville, Georgia. Burns' vehicle went off the road just before midnight as it approached a curve, striking a mailbox and a tree. Burns, 64, was one of five people who founded the band in Jacksonville, Florida, and played on its first two albums.
The Korean Demilitarized Zone (DMZ) is located along the no-man's land between the North and South. It was established in 1953 as a buffer zone to separate the North from the South. Surfer Shannon Aston, from New Zealand, said he felt compelled to start photographing the area while living and working in South Korea.
Gerry Pickens, 28, is suing Orting, Washington, after he was fired. Was the first black police officer in the small town of 8,000 people. But claims he was targeted by racists before his probation year ended. His car was later daubed with the N-word and the words 'Sue cheif and pay'
Richard Ilczyszyn, 46, could be heard 'crying' and 'groaning' on flight. Staff on Orange County-bound plane 'left him in cubicle and let him go on landing' Ilczyszyn's wife Kelly is filing wrongful death suit against airline. Southwest says staff are trained to treat crying and screaming as security risk.
Doug Hughes, 61, spent two years planning his stunt, which involved crossing the no-fly zone with letters for all 535 members of Congress. Now under arrest, he has been chaperoned back to his home in Ruskin, Florida, where he will wear an electronic tag until his first court hearing in Washington, D.C., next month. The Secret Service has decided not to prosecute Mr Hughes' wife Alena, who claims she was not aware of the plan.
Labour leader announced plans to overhaul Britain's non-domicile regime. It allows 116,000 foreigners and people with foreign links to pay tax only on money that they bring into Britain. Mr Miliband initially suggested he would 'abolish' non-dom status. But it later emerged that Labour is effectively proposing a time limit on it.
Tiger Woods hit his club into a tree root on the ninth hole at Augusta. The 39-year-old looked in agony as he dropped his club on the follow through. He then revealed his wrist bone had 'popped out' of place after the incident. Despite finishing 13 strokes behind Jordan Spieth, this was Woods' best finish in a tournament in over a year.
Facebook deemed the clip, which shows two elderly women painted in ochre in a trailer for upcoming ABC TV show 8MMM Aboriginal Radio, as containing 'potentially offensive nudity' The video had already had 30,000 hits when it was removed after three days on Sunday. Fans commented that it was 'outrageous' and 'ridiculous'
Neil MacGregor, 68, has been director of the British Museum since 2002. He said it was 'a difficult thing' to decide to leave after 13 years in the job. The museum is'ready to embark on a new phase - deploying the collection to present different histories of the world'
Mercury is expected to reach 25C (77F) in the South East today, beating Marseille at 22C (72F), Athens at 21C (70F), Rome at 19C (66F) and Madrid at 18C (64F) It will be chillier at night, with parts of the North dipping to 2C (36F) tonight with the threat of frost. The hottest day of the year before Tuesday was last Friday, when a high of 21.9C (71.4F) was recorded in London.
Justin Bettman caught the media's attention a few months ago when he began his 'Set in the Street' project. Bettman, sometimes with the help of designer Gozde Eker, would build sets that, in pictures, looked like the inside of a living room, child's bedroom, or a bathroom complete with a clawfoot tub. But zoom out of the picture and it was revealed that Bettman was actually building these sets right on the street. The set was built on the edge of the water in Williamsburg, Brooklyn, the very spot where Jose Luis and his girlfriend had their first date
David Hibbitt, 33, was diagnosed with bowel cancer in July 2012. He had chemotherapy, radiotherapy and surgery to remove his large bowel. In desperation, he tried cannabis oil, which he now credits with his recovery. He said: 'It gets your pretty high and knocks you for six, but it's nowhere near as bad as chemotherapy'
In 1996, at the age of 9, Jennifer Bush was taken from her family and put in foster care after a health care worker suspected her mother of intentionally making her ill. After a long legal battle, a jury in 1999 found Kathy guilty of aggravated child abuse and sentenced the mother of three to five years in prison. After a long legal battle, a jury in 1999 found Kathy guilty of aggravated child abuse and sentenced the mother of three to five years in prison.
The man, named by Chinese media as Mr Zhang, drove past the injured woman. A sense of dread crept over the driver as he remembered the elderly woman. When he returned to the scene he found his mother covered in blood.
Mitchelle Blair, 35, from Michigan, is charged with felony murder, premeditated murder and torture. Court officers carrying out a March 24 eviction at the family's apartment found the frozen corpses of 13-year-old Stoni Ann Blair and 9-year-old Stephen Gage Berry. Blair used an expletive Wednesday in juvenile court as visitation between her two living children and their fathers was discussed. She was removed from the court when she failed to stop shouting, although she returned silently 13 minutes later.
Prince Harry is in Australia to report for official military duty. He spent 20 minutes chatting and posing for photographs for crowds in Canberra. He made a beeline for a youngster with a banner saying 'Redheads Rule' The 30-year-old told the girl: 'No, I hate selfies... Just take a normal photograph'
First Minister reveals she would regard an 'out' vote in the Tories' proposed poll on EU membership as justification to reopen the question of breaking up the UK. She also revealed that she intends to be in London on May 8 - the day after the general election - to lead the SNP's negotiating team in the event of another hung Parliament. Miss Sturgeon said she - not her predecessor Alex Salmond - would take charge of any talks, even though she is not running for a Westminster seat and he is.
Only the Japanese, South Koreans and Singaporeans are moodier when day breaks. People in these three countries spend less time in bed, with the Japanese getting an hour and a half less sleep. But while we might sleep longer, we don’t feel as refreshed in the morning.
Lindsey Vonn was back at Augusta on Friday to watch boyfriend Tiger Woods play in the second round of the Masters. Vonn looked stressed at times though Woods played a solid round, carding a three-under-par 69. Woods is still well behind the leader, hot young American star Jordan Spieth.
Another man was in the car with Walter Scott when he was pulled over. Police report confirmed the man was detained with Scott and put in the back of a police car. Officer Michael Slager, 33, has been charged with the murder of Walter Scott, 50. Mr Scott can be seen being shot five times in the back by the officer.
David, 53, and wife Sandra, 52, from Plymouth, were harassed by David's sister. Anne Duffy set up her brother with one of his best friends. But she became jealous of their relationship and threatened Sandra. She called Plymouth Register Office 20 days before the wedding and cancelled. Anne was jailed for eight weeks at Plymouth Magistrates' Court.
Clarence Taylor, 44, remains at large after police in Akron, Ohio ordered his arrest in connection to a bizarre 'faked kidnapping' last fall. Police say Taylor faked his own kidnapping by duct taping his mouth and tying himself to a tree. Taylor told police that a group of men tied him to the tree after stealing $2,500 from him.
Nicola Sturgeon, 44, wore a dress that divided opinion on Twitter last night. Was it grey, green or blue? Viewers took to social media to debate the colour of her dress. Some said it was grey while others insisted it was green.
Clint Gee planned to reunite his mother, Elizabeth Hobbs, with his father, Alex Gee, who died in 1964. He made the five-hour journey from his Brisbane home to Wandoan in regional Queensland every year to look after his father's grave-site. Mr Gee said he had organised the day with the Western Downs Regional Council to ensure everything would run smoothly. He also paid a $342 fee, after being upset with the council reduced its usual rate of more than $400. Council Mayor Ray Brown apologised to the family, and provided Mr Gee with a refund.
Shanay Walker, seven, found cold and stiff in her bed in Nottingham last July. Her aunt Kay-Ann Morris, 23, is on trial for her murder at Nottingham Crown Court. Prosecution claim she subjected Shanay to 'distressed acts of cruelty' They include having food shoved in her mouth and being struck on the hands with a hairbrush. Shanay had 50 separate bruises across her body at the time of her death.
Grey ‘stealth’ speed traps could be outlawed regardless of which party wins the general election. At least 112,000 motorists were given fines or appeared in court for motorway offences last year - a quarter more than in 2013. The increase has been put down to the introduction of ‘smart motorways’ which use the cameras, known as Hadecs, to police speed limits.
Daniel Boykin, 33, was sentenced to six months prison in Nashville on Thursday. He was found with 92 videos of the victim taken from a bathroom at Nashville International Airport. More than 1,500 photos of the victim were also found on his computer and phone. He was arrested in May 2014 after the woman came forward to police. She told authorities that Boykin would watch her dog on the weekends. However when looking at some photos of the dog on his phone one day at work, the woman discovered a cache of photos of herself.
Icebergs Club pool was drained on Thursday to create a unique catwalk for Mercedes-Benz Fashion Week Australia. The empty pool was used as the setting for the Ten Pieces presentation.
Hassan Munshi and Talha Asmal believed to have fled to Syria last week. Farouk Younis, imam of mosque in Dewsbury, said Muslims must talk to friends. 'We need to talk to them and show them the barbaric things in Syria,' he said.
The 34-year-old said her daughter is 'obsessed with make-up and watching me get ready and getting ready herself' North 'just discovered backpacks so she loves to put them on'
Christian Longo murdered his wife and three children in Oregon in 2001. They were found stuffed in bags or suitcases, weighed down and thrown in rivers. Prosecutors say he killed them to 'escape the shackles of domestic life' He then went on an alcohol-fuelled holiday to Cancun, Mexico. He posed as a shamed New York Times reporter before he was arrested. Now a film about his life starring James Franco and Jonah Hill has been released.
The First Family attended the Easter service at Alfred Street Baptist Church in Alexandria, Virginia on Sunday morning. Rev Howard-John Wesley urged the congregation not to take selfies with the president. It acted as the warm up for the annual Easter Roll, during which Barack and Michelle will perform their highly-anticipated dance to Uptown Funk.
Janet Faal, 57, has suffered from agoraphobia for a decade. She was trying to move a wooden pallet when she fell down the gap. Grandmother-of-four smashed her face and was left in a'splits' position. She's been left with two black eyes and a suspected fractured leg.
Paula Duncan, 62, has revealed she attempted suicide at age 43. Daughter Jessica Orcsik found her after she collapsed in a park. Duncan suffered a series of 'episodes' of depression. The actress is best known as the face of Ajax Spray'n'Wipe.
Alan Lawrence created a photo series called 'Wil Can Fly' in which his 18-month-old son, Wil, who has Down Syndrome appears to be flying. Lawrence said he once believed having a child with Down Syndrome would put limits on what he and his family could accomplish. Instead, little Wil has taken the limits off the child and 'opened so many doors' for his family.
Abdirahman Sheik Mohamud, 23, from Columbus, Ohio, has been arrested and charged with supporting terrorism. Mohamud left the US a year ago with the intent to go to Syria and train with a terrorist group linked to al Qaeda in Iraq. The 23-year-old returned to the US in June 2014 with a plot to attack a military base or a correctional facility, according to court documents.
So-called New Shepard is designed to fly three people and/or a mix of passengers and payloads to altitudes. about 62 miles (100 km) above Earth. Will launch from Blue. Origin's west Texas facility near Van Horn, Texas, southeast of. El Paso.
Kenne Worthen, a married father-of-one,'started flirting with the girl last August and the relationship turned sexual in January' He 'kept in contact with her by messaging her on an iPod app, Google Hangouts, and asking her mother for permission to let her stay after school' The girl's father said he was 'overwhelmed with anger' Worthen was arrested at the school on Friday and has been put on administrative leave.
A new report from Suncorp Bank suggests Australian's have spent 50 per cent more on digital devices than they planned in the last year. The report found Australians spent $20 billion on digital devices and services - or on average $2,300 each - on technology and communication devices in the last 12 months. Mobile phone bills were the biggest expense, and also the biggest disparity for families. Men spent twice as much as women on computers, digital accessories, mobile apps, and streaming services.
Several thousand people gathered outside the city's main railway station Flinders Street at 4pm on Friday. This comes as the Queensland Police Service refuses to issue an apology to an Indigenous officer after claims the word 'Abor' was written on his station roster.
Scientists quizzed more than 5,000 British teenagers about their drinking habits. They watched Bridget Jones' Diary and Aviator from a list of 50 popular films. Those who had watched the most alcohol-themed films were 20% more likely to have tried alcohol and 70% more likely to binge drink.
Vijay Chokal-Ingam claims that he posed as a black man while he applied to medical schools in 1998 because he believed he had a better chance of gaining acceptance. As an Indian-American with a GPA of 3.1, MCAT of 31 and a member of the South Asian Student Association, he didn't think he'd get into medical school. But with a change of appearance and switch of student organization, he thought he could get in to some of the top schools in the nation.
In an interview with the New York Times, Obama said the U.S. would stand by Israel if it were to come under attack. He added that it is 'personally difficult' for him to hear his administration accused of not looking out for Israel's interests.
Lindsay Jo Rimer went missing from Hebden Bridge in West Yorkshire in 1994. The 13-year-old's body was found in a canal five months later. Lindsay Jo's sister Kate has spoken of the family's agony 20 years on. She said: 'From the beginning we have been filled with grief and we cannot stop the grief and instead remember her with love until this comes to an end'
The owner pleaded guilty to a charge of failing to provide appropriate and adequate living conditions for his cats. RSPCA South Australia detailed how the cats at the property were in poor physical condition when they were seized in September. The cats suffered from high-temperatures, flea-allergy dermatitis and significant respiratory issues.
The striking photographs show a shoal of fish making way for the blacktip shark in the shallow waters of Heron Island in Queensland, Australia. Dr Ken Collins, Senior Research Fellow and Diving Officer at the University of Southampton, told MailOnline that this behaviour is fairly typical for shoaling fish. Fish are thought to gain many benefits from shoaling behaviour, such as keeping safe from predators and finding a mate.
Samantha Fleming and her newborn daughter Serenity were last seen in Anderson on April 5, when they left with a woman who said she was from Indiana's Department of Child Services. The three-week-old infant was discovered unharmed at a home in Gary on Friday and will be returned to relatives. In the same home, police found a body doused with bleach, wrapped in plastic and stuffed in a plastic storage bin.
Jason Warnock has been identified as the man who pulled Matthew Sitko, 23, from his car as it dangled over a canyon cliff in Lewiston, Idaho on Wednesday. He had been traveling along a nearby road when he saw debris and the car - so he jumped into action. He ran up to a pedestrian footbridge, climbed above the cliff face and then crossed an embankment to reach the vehicle. He was able to calm Sitko down and pull him out to safety. Warnock left shortly after pulling the man to safety. Sitko is believed to have suffered an emotional episode before the crash.
George was last seen running off in the direction of a caravan park near his home in North Wales. He was found on a doorstep in West Yorkshire five weeks later. He has now been reunited with his owners after Julia Hill posted on a lost and found cats Facebook group.
Labour leader was out campaigning in Bristol this morning – his first public appearance since Saturday. After a low-key day campaigning in his constituency in Doncaster on Saturday, the Labour leader spent all of Sunday and Monday with his family. There have already been rumblings of discontent in the party over the amount of time Mr Miliband appears to be spending preparing for the debates.
Businessman Nick Loeb filed a lawsuit last August over the two embryos the couple created in 2013. Sofia Vergara broke up with Loeb last May after nearly two years of engagement. She has a 22-year-old son Manolo with ex-husband Joe Gonzalez.
Pennsylvania scientists have found evidence that we may not be alone. They found 50 galaxies emitting unusually high levels of radiation. This could be because aliens are harnessing the power of stars. However, further research is needed to confirm that is the case. The findings were made using Nasa’s orbiting Wide-Field Infrared Survey Explorer (Wise) telescope. This telescope is perfect for detecting mid-infrared radiation that an advanced alien race might be emitting.
Clare Balding has admitted she was on TV too much following the Olympics. The 44-year-old has vowed to do less after presenting everything from the BBC's rugby league coverage to Crufts. Balding said it was 'exhausting' to be constantly asked about being gay.
SpiderFab could cut construction costs by only launching raw materials such as carbon fibre into orbit. The robots can then piece together the materials while in orbit, finishing off the spacecraft.
The Egyptian-themed mansion, advertised as Pharaoh’s Palace, promises a 'perfect private location' on seven secluded acres in Tampa. An August 2014 adult-themed party dubbed 'Midsummer Night Wet Dream' got the mansion, bought by Canadian millionaire Gordon Lownds, its first noise complaint. The mansion also became where Sean Grey and Nicholas Worlds, a former adult-themed business investor, ran a modeling agency dubbed Pharaoh's Daughters.
Chelsea Clinton is opening up about motherhood, life in the public eye and why the United States needs a female president in a new interview with Elle. Clinton, whose mother Hillary is expected to formally announce her presidential campaign this Sunday, said it is time the United States had a female leader.
Abase Hussen took his daughter Amira to a violent rally when she was 13. The extremist event was held outside the Saudi embassy in London in 2012. Mr Hussen was pictured at the front of the crowd, screaming in rage. He has now apologised for attending, but admitted going to two further rallies.
Artisan confectioners Choc on Choc's Limited Edition Political Chocolates collection comes in three different flavours. David Cameron’s bar is studded with blueberry pieces, Ed Miliband’s comes in a red raspberry flavour and the Nick Clegg edition is filled with chunks of honeycomb.
The final day of Mercedes-Benz Fashion Week Australia kicked off with an explosion of colour in Sydney on Thursday. Design duo Luke Sales and Anna Plunkett presented their new collection 'Cooee Couture' at the Art Gallery of NSW.
Seven-year-old dog was stolen during raid on Kirsty Mitton's home in Wednesbury, West Midlands. RSPCA inspector Stephanie Law was on way to collect him in Gerrards Cross, Buckinghamshire. She saw him running in front of her van barking and stopped to let him out. When she opened the door, Alfie started licking her face appreciatively.
Kevin Jonas Rojano-Nieto, 20, was found guilty of raping a three-year-old girl in a garage in June. Judge M. Marc Kelly said Rojano-Nieto 'did not intend to harm' the girl. The mandatory sentence should be 25-years to life. Prosecutor Whitney Bokosky said she disagrees and will appeal.
The original 1959 Barbie Doll has been reproduced and goes back on sale this Saturday in Australia. The dolls are newly produced but modelled on the original Barbie Doll that was first released at the New York Toy Fair in 1959. The doll features a black and white striped one-piece swimsuit, black heels, gold hoop earrings and white sunglasses.
Easter is one of the biggest celebrations in the Catholic calendar. King Felipe, Queen Letizia and their daughters Princess Sofia and Princess Leonor looked immaculate as they arrived at Palma cathedral. The family were joined by Queen Sofia, who looked elegant in a grey overcoat.
Ukip leader dismissed criticism of lack of diversity in party's manifesto. He said there was a 'half black' party spokesman and 'one fully black person' Question provoked noisy barracking, including from black and Asian candidates.
The 69-year-old actress and business magnate will serve as a witness at the first wedding to be held at Elvis Presley's Graceland Wedding Chapel. The winning duo will tie the knot inside the chapel on Thursday, April 23.
Number of people in work soars to highest level in history. Employment rose above 31million in the three months to February. International Monetary Fund lavishing praise on Chancellor George Osborne.
Reality TV star and her family are on an eight-day visit to the country of her late father's birth. They are staying at the Armenia Marriott Hotel Yerevan, which frames Republic Square at the heart of the city. The visit comes as the nation counts down to the 100th anniversary of the Armenian Genocide.
Margaret and Gary Mazan had 14 Red Setters seized by RSPCA inspectors. The animals had matted fur, were dehydrated and had not been fed a diet. Three of the dogs were found crammed in puppy cages in garden shed. Couple were said to have caused unnecessary suffering to the animals. They were jailed for 26 weeks and given lifetime ban from owning pets.
Brussels will accuse Google of using its dominance as a search engine to divert internet users from rivals to its own services. Google currently boasts a 90 per cent share in Europe's search engine market. Margrethe Vestager, the EU's competition commissioner, will today serve Google with a formal charge sheet alleging that it breached anti-trust rules.
Senator Bob Corker, a Republican, said on Sunday that congressional oversight 'doesn't mean there won't be a deal' He added that approval of any nuclear agreement is essential to ensure it is not a bad one. 'It's very important that Congress is in the middle of this, understanding, teasing out, asking those important questions,' he said. Negotiators announced a framework deal on Thursday; it is scheduled to be finalized by June 30. Israeli Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu has criticized the deal as deeply flawed and a threat to Israel's very existence.
Eye contact is the most effective way to signal sexual interest. On average we scan a face for three seconds, scan for four and a half to register our interest. The simple act of blinking can also make someone aware that you're attracted.
The TSA will 'enhance' officer training for hair pat-downs after complaints that African-American women were being racially targeted for unnecessary screenings. New training will commence at Los Angeles International Airport, one of the airports named in the complaint filed by the American Civil Liberties Union. The complaint was filed on behalf of Malaika Singleton, who said she was subjected to a hair pat-down with weeks of each other while traveling from Los Angeles to London in December 2013.
Jordan Sharifi, 17, was taken into custody on Friday by police in McKinney, Texas, who say he confessed to giving a gun and ammunition to Raymond Howell, Jr. On Thursday, Raymond was found in a ditch from a self-inflicted gunshot wound. Sharifi discovered Raymond's body after the boy's mother called to ask him if he'd seen her son. He initially denied seeing a weapon but later admitted he had given the boy the gun and had tried to hide it when he found it beneath his body.
The brolly-clad thieves targeted 13 shops in two-month crime spree. They stole £2,000 worth of cigarettes and £30,000 worth of cars in raids. Gang threatened staff with hammers, knives, screwdrivers and golf clubs. They also stole store manager's Mercedes E200 as their getaway car. The group have now been jailed for more than 27 years after pleading guilty to conspiracy to rob.
Georgina Bartter, 19, died after taking 'one and a half pills' at a dance festival in November last year. Her best friend Rebecca Hannibal, 19, has pleaded guilty to supplying the fatal pills. Ms Bartter collapsed on the dance floor and died from multiple organ failure. Ms Hannibal had pleaded not guilty to single supply charge at a previous hearing but changed her plea to guilty on Wednesday. She will appear in court on June 10 for sentencing.
Natasha Elderfield, 41, is accused of murdering Robert Dobinson, 33. Mr Dobinson arrived home to find her in stockings about to have sex. Court heard she chased him off the boat and stabbed him in the heart. Elderfield, from Abingdon, Oxfordshire, denies murder.
Nelson Felippe took a photo of two women hugging on a train platform. He posted it on Facebook, expressing his disapproval at the'scene' The image was shared more than 100,000 times in 24 hours.
Christians in the US will decline from three quarters of the population in 2010 to just two thirds in 2050, according to a report by the Pew Research Center. Atheists and agnostics will make up a 'declining share of the world's population' in the US, UK and France. By 2050, Muslims will make up one in ten of the overall population in Europe. The global Buddhist population will remain roughly the same but Hindu and Jewish populations will be larger than they are today.
Los Angeles judge Richard Fruin Jr. awarded Shelly Sterling most of the nearly $3million she had sought. Lawyers for Sterling had claimed that money used to buy V. Stiviano a house, luxury cars and stocks was her community property the couple had acquired over six decades of marriage. Stiviano's lawyer had argued that the gifts were made when Donald and Shelly were separated and that Shelly Sterling couldn't seek them from a third party.
The vaccine is made from pieces of a protein called TARP that's found in about 95 per cent of prostate cancers. TARP can effectively stimulate the immune system to attack the cancer. Vaccine will prime the immune system so that it creates antibodies when it detects TARP-related cancers. Those antibodies, along with other immune cells, can then destroy cancer cells without harming non-cancer cells.
Awel Manyang, five, believes her siblings who died in the crash at a Melbourne lake were eaten by crocodiles in the water. Her siblings - one-year-old brother Bol and four-year-old twins Madit and Anger - died after their mother Akon Guode crashed her 4WD into a lake. Awel remains in a serious condition at the Royal Children's Hospital but she remembers the accident. The children's father, Joseph Tito Manyang, says five-year-old Awel remains in a serious condition at the Royal Children's Hospital.
British physicist Stephen Hawking has sung Monty Python's Galaxy Song. The song is being released digitally and on vinyl for Record Store Day 2015. It is a cover of the song from 1983 film Monty Python's Meaning of Life. Professor Hawking, 73, appeared on film alongside Professor Brian Cox.
Jenny Wallenda, 87, the matriarch of the famous family of high-flying circus performers, died late Saturday at her home in Sarasota, Florida. Wallenda's nephew, Rick Wallenda, said his aunt died following a lengthy illness. Wallenda was the oldest daughter of high wire walker Karl Wallenda and grandmother of daredevil performer Nik Wallenda.
Lee Garlington is opening up about his three year relationship with Hollywood star Rock Hudson. Garlington says he was an extra on a movie set when he decided to check out Hudson, having heard rumors the star was gay. Garlington says he would sneak over to the Hudson's house after work, and leave first thing in the morning. This lasted for three years, from 1962 until 1965, and while their sneaking around seemed to work for awhile, Hudson became concerned after learning that a female fan had broken into his home.
Marie Hunt of Spring Green, Wisconsin, had to drop out of school after completing eighth grade when she found herself unable to get to her local high school. Now a resident at Meadows Assisted Living and Memory Care in Spring Green, the centenarian was presented with an honorary degree by River Valley High School.
Matthew Bird, from Ashburton, New Zealand, halved his income by quitting his well-paid job as an agricultural adviser to become a mechanic. He said he was happy to give up is $70,000 a year pay check for a meagre wage of $38,000 a year, if it meant his child support payment dropped to $554 a month. Inland Revenue recently amended their child support formula which was enforced on April 1.
Senior Constable Neale McShane is set to retire from his decade long post in Birdsville, which borders on the Simpson Desert in far south-west Queensland. The 59-year-old has spent 40 years as an officer in three different states. Temperatures in the region can reach over 50 degrees, giving rise to a number of desert rescues that McShane must execute every year. Birdsville's only park ranger Don Rowlands told ABC that Senior Constable McShane would be'sorely missed'
The actress is selling the Manhattan penthouse she once shared with ex-husband Bruce Willis with an asking price of $75million. If the penthouse sells for that much, it will break the record for the most expensive co-op apartment ever sold on the Upper West Side. Moore and Willis purchased the south tower penthouse on the 28th floor of the historic San Remo apartment building in 1990 from Saturday Night Fever producer Robert Stigwood. The 14-bedroom apartment includes a 7,000 square feet of living space and wrap around terraces with views of both Central Park and the Hudson River.
Posters were stuck on lampposts and bus stops across Cardiff suburb. They read: 'Democracy is a system whereby man violates the right of Allah' Cardiff Council have begun removing the posters dubbed 'chilling' and 'threatening'
Cost of paying for rising numbers of deaths may be too much for many families. Deaths in Britain, which have been falling for 40 years, will start to go up. A'simple' funeral with a cremation, a minister and an undertaker now costs £3,590.
Goldfish are invading Teller Lake in Boulder, Colorado. Wildlife officials say they started as 'four or five' of their pets in the water two or three years ago. The animals are threatening to over-run the natural species in the lake, by eating up all their resources and spreading unnatural diseases. Officials are considering two options - electroshocking the fish or draining the lake.
Nicole Mihai was told by New Zealand Immigration that once her Visa expires, she must return to Romania. The 34-year-old separated from her New Zealand born partner after a two-year relationship. She was awarded full custody of their son, Chris, with her ex partner having little contact with him. A ruling from the Family Court said Ms Mihai's son Chris must remain within 50 kilometres of his Kiwi father.
Items on sale in Poundland are up to 50 per cent more expensive than in supermarkets. Research found shoppers are being charged more per unit of certain products. Sales at the budget retailer have exceeded £1billion for the first time.
Indian salesman accused of posting a 'blasphemous' status on Facebook. If found guilty he could face seven years in prison and a fine of £186,000. He allegedly posted the status after watching a news item about Iraq war. The 41-year-old told police he received the image over Whatsapp. But he later admitted to prosecutors that he was the one who posted it.
Apple Watch was available for preorder online and to try out in stores by appointment, but not to take home. The watch goes on sale officially on April 24, online and. through appointments in shops, including trendy fashion. boutiques in Paris, London and Tokyo.
Ards Borough Council in Northern Ireland held lavish banquet for 190 staff. Staff feasted on roast turkey and roast potatoes cooked in duck fat. Almost £500 was spent on festive decorations including balloons and crackers. The authority will merge with its neighbouring authority next week.
Feidin Santana, 23, filmed Officer Michael Slager, 33, shoot dead Walter Scott, 50, as he ran away from the officer in North Charleston, South Carolina on Saturday. Santana then contacted a friend who watched the video and shared it with the man's family, who were moved by the footage. On Thursday, he met with the man's parents, son and other relatives. 'Oh, thank you God! Thank you Lord! Blessed God! Thank you God, thank you God,' Judy Scott, the man's mother, said as she embraced her son's new friend.
Her Majesty's @BritishMonarchy account has 970,000 followers. More than double the 446,000 followers Charles and Camilla have. King Felipe and Queen Letizia of Spain are third and Duke and Duchess of Cambridge fourth.
Her Majesty met Canadian Highlanders to mark bravery of country's servicemen and women in First World War. She was joined by Prince Philip and Princess Alexandra at the reception in Trafalgar Square, central London. Monarch posed for photograph with The Calgary Highlanders - who were all dressed in kilts - while Prince Philip sat for portrait. The event was held in honour of three Canadian regiments which the royal members individually lead as Colonels-in-Chief.
Abbey, 29, joins Foxes, 25, Victoria's Secret Angel Lily Donaldson, 28, and model Alice Dellal, 27, in new campaign. Campaign has so far raised £13.5m for Breakthrough Breast Cancer's research funding.
Stephanie Scott's funeral will be held next Wednesday in her home town of Canowindra, NSW. Reverend Jonno Williams is the parish priest of the Anglican-Uniting Church at Canowindra. He knows the family well and is expecting it to be a tough day for everyone. Stephanie Scott went missing on Easter Sunday. Her burned body was found last Friday around five metres from a road in Cocoparra National Park. Vincent Stanford, 24, has been charged with her murder and is due to appear in court in June.
Star Wars director wants to build 224-home affordable housing complex. Project would span 52 acres and cost $200m on his Grady Ranch estate. Neighbors opposed Lucas' plans to build a film studio on the site.
Tamoxifen kills off cancer cells or stunts their growth by blocking the cancer-causing hormone oestrogen from reaching diseased cells. It is the main drug given to women who have not been through the menopause, and is usually taken for five years or longer after treatment. British and Swedish researchers studied 1,090 breast cancer patients. Those who drank at least two cups of coffee a day had smaller tumours and a lower proportion of hormone-dependent tumours.
Kendra Moad of Kearns, Utah followed her grandfather out of the house Friday morning and into the driveway. He did not see the toddler and ran her over as he pulled his truck up in the driveway to move the trash cans and ran over and killed the 20-month-old. This is the fourth time since August that a child was accidentally run over and killed in their own driveway by a family member in Utah.
Shaun Worthington died instantly after his car veered into oncoming traffic. The 29-year-old had been driving home from a speed awareness course. His car was filmed on a truck's dashcam at 1.04pm - the same time text was sent. His mother Jane Allen said: 'If someone somewhere reads this and it makes them stop using their phone while driving then at least that is something'
Ten-year-old Martha was with her owner on the beach in Leasowe in Merseyside. She was paddling in the water when she was caught out by a strong current. With the strength of the outgoing tide, the dog was rapidly swept out to sea. But as they were unable to save their pet, the RNLI were called. They managed to pull the dog on to the lifeboat after managing to grab her by the collar.
Solar Probe Plus will carry four experiments into the corona and study the solar wind and energetic particles as they blast off the surface of the star. During the closest passes around the sun, temperatures outside the spacecraft will reach nearly 2,500 degrees Fahrenheit. The launch window opens for 20 days starting on July 31, 2018.
Kuku Kube is available for free on Facebook, Android, iOS and on desktop browsers. On each board, one of the squares is a slightly different shade of the same colour. The aim is to find this odd square by tapping it with your finger or clicking it with the mouse. Scores lower than 11 are poor, scores between 15 and 20 is 'lower than average', 21 to 30 is considered normal or average, and a score higher than 31 means your eyesight is considered great.
Frustrated listeners say the last minutes of shows have been left off. Dad’s Army and Hancock’s Half Hour have all fallen foul of the problem. BBC blames on the system it uses to record programmes.
Kendalia Halle was built more than 100 years ago by German immigrants, who through the latter half of the 19th century comprised more than 5 percent of the state's population. About 400 such halls still stand — many unused and decaying — but only two traditional Texas dance halls continue to operate on nearly a daily basis.
Ronald Miscavige, 79, had recently left the Church of Scientology, which has been under the leadership of his son since 1986. The elder Miscavige was allegedly followed for 18 months by a father-son team of detectives paid $10,000 a week. Dwayne Powell told police he was hired by the Church of Scientology through a Florida firm to follow Ronald Miscavige on a full-time basis.
Belinda, 56, from Essex, travelled to Turkey for a cheap facelift. But the surgeon botched the operation, leaving her with 'horrendous' scars. She was left with her ears sewn awkwardly to the side of her face. Belinda appears on tonight's episode of TLC's Extreme Beauty Disasters.
Elderflower Fields Festival will be held in the Ashdown Forest this year. Independent festival was created in 2012 by a small team of friends. Organisers say the ethos of the festival is 'far better than we ever could'
Apps 'cause stress by making us worry we are abnormal or unhealthy' Popular apps include MyFitnessPal and Apple’s health app. But Dr Des Spence warned they could be causing unnecessary worry.
Khayree Gay, 31, was captured on Friday at the Security Inn and Suites hotel in Lake City, South Carolina. He is facing federal charges for allegedly kidnapping a Jewelers Row employee on April 4 in Philadelphia. The 53-year-old female employee of the National Watch and Diamond Exchange was leaving work when she was pulled into a Ford van. She was driven to the building's roof, beaten and shot with a Taser seven times.
Sarah Reign, 26, from New York, supplements her day job as a security guard by gorging on camera for men who like to watch her eat.
Claudia Winkleman, 43, is first presenter of BBC dance contest to be nominated. It comes even though she was absent for almost a month while daughter Matilda, eight, recovered after her Halloween costume accidentally caught fire. The mother-of-three will compete in the entertainment performance category at next month’s awards with Ant and Dec, Graham Norton and Celebrity Juice host Leigh Francis.
Rachel Lehnardt 'allowed her daughter to drink alcohol and smoke marijuana at her home before playing naked Twister with her friends' She 'had sex with an 18-year-old in the bathroom and later woke up to find her daughter's 16-year-old boyfriend having sex with her' Lehnardt'showed her daughter explicit photos of her having sex with her boyfriend' She has been charged with two counts of contributing to the delinquency of a minor.
The story was written by Queen Victoria when she was just 10 years old. It tells the story of a 12-year-old girl sent away to boarding school. She befriends a host of characters, including a 'poor little French orphan' It will be published in June as 'The Adventures of Alice Laselles'
Belinda Bartholomew claims she was racially abused at a Bondi butcher. She was buying a chicken for her and her Roosters star boyfriend Aidan Guerra to have for dinner on Monday night. Ms Bartholomew said the man working at Sam the Butcher called her a 'f***ing c***' and told her to 'go to a f***ing Aussie butcher' But the butcher has hit back saying Ms Bartholomew is 'lying' and trying to ruin the business.
Dave Sim, 36, plans to ride the entire Tour de France on a Raleigh Chopper. He has put in months of training aboard his bright yellow Mark Three Chopper. The personal trainer is hoping his stunt will inspire people to get out and ride. He attempted the L'Etape du Tour on the Raleigh Chopper last year and finished in the top 20 per cent.
Britt Lapthorne, from Melbourne, disappeared from a Croatian night club in 2008. The 21-year-old student's body was found in Boninovo Bay, near Dubrovnik. Her family believe she was murdered, her body weighted down and dumped at sea. Victorian Coroner Ian Gray will officially close an inquest into her death. He will hear a summary of previously unreleased reports prepared by both the Australian Federal Police and Croatian authorities.
Once heard constantly on the streets, in songs, on the stage and in the workplace it has nearly disappeared. A YouGov poll confirmed the trend illustrating that 70 percent of people were in agreement that they hear fewer people whistling. Half of those asked said they believed the decline was a result of the demise of working class culture.
The bill is more than a thousands times Germany's annual gross domestic product. The £3.35 billion is also enough to pay the UK government debt nearly 2,000 times over. A quadrillion is a thousand times one trillion, (a million times a million) in the American system.
Kareem Abdul-Jabbar underwent quadruple coronary bypass surgery. The 68-year-old Hall of Famer was admitted to Ronald Reagan UCLA Medical Center earlier in the week with cardiovascular disease. The surgery cleared a major blockage from the Hall of Famer's heart.
A survey of 1,000 people in the U.S. found that 64 per cent of adults think they spend more when shopping with friends. The main reasons for this were said to be'showing off in front of friends' and'succumbing to peer pressure' Nearly half of the participants blamed the fact that they get carried away by excitement when shopping with friends.
Colleen Harris was found guilty of first-degree murder in the shooting death of Robert Edward 'Bob' Harris in January 2013. It took the El Dorado Superior Court jury less than two hours to convict her. Decades before, in 1985, she shot dead her second husband and father of her three children, 46-year-old James Batten, after claiming he had been abusive towards her. She cried and put her hand over her face as she was found guilty. Colleen Harris will be sentenced on June 5, standing to receive 50 years to life for first-degree murder with a firearm.
Scientists say the lethal ring is leaving tens of thousands of creatures with severe, and often fatal injuries. The map uses data from the California Roadkill Observation System, a volunteer-submitted database of instances where wildlife and vehicles collided. Major hotspots include the Sacramento area where I-80 and I-5 run across bypasses along the Pacific Flyway. Many areas along State Route 94 in San Diego County have high rates of collisions where the highway runs through wildlife habitat.
Neil Tuckett, from Buckinghamshire, is selling one Model T every week. Customers include the TV and film industry who have used them in shows such as Downton Abbey. Mr Tuckett, 58, has customers who use them as wedding cars and even one that is used as a hearse.
Dr Ros Altmann would take responsibility for protecting people from rip-off pension and mortgage charges. She would also be in charge of financial education and Government policy to reward and encourage saving.
Catherine Grove, 28, disappeared from her Arkansas home in July 2013. reappeared weeks later at the Church of Wells in Wells, Texas. Her parents, Andy and Patty Grove, believe she was brainwashed by the church. Grove said she was'seeking the Lord' and not being held against her will. She returned to the church earlier this month, only to return six days later. She has now announced she is set to marry a church elder. The Church of Wells has long denied accusations it is a cult.
TV star appeared alongside PM at National Grid training centre in Newark. She helped him with his jacket as he stood to speak, before sitting politely. PM has pledged to create three million more apprenticeships if Tories win. Costa Coffee and Morrisons have signed agreements to train thousands.
Conchita, 26, has been transformed into Gustav Klimt's Golden Adele. Poster will be on display in Vienna and cast in gold on a medallion by Austrian Mint. Conchita posed before industry heavyweight Ellen von Unwerth's lens. The Life Ball is the biggest charity event in Europe supporting people with HIV/AIDS.
Yervand Garginian filmed himself cooking chicken on an open charcoal barbecue using a traditional 'khorovats' recipe. His daughter Elizabeth posted the video to Reddit and it has since been viewed more than five million times. Mr Garginian moved to Australia from Armenia in 1977.
Tracey Taylor, 34, caused more than £13,000 worth of damage to luxury cars. Earlier that day she had attacked her former lover and his girlfriend. She punched him on the ear and pulled her hair after barging her way into her home. Two days later she broke in through the front door, tearing a flatscreen TV off the wall and hurling a vase of roses across the room.
Former Chairman of the Joint Chiefs of Staff, Admiral Mike Mullen, allegedly told three comrades that Army Sgt. Bowe Bergdahl deserted his post in 2009. Mullen served President Obama and then Secretary of Defense Robert Gates six years ago. The claims mean that Mullen was in a position to tell the president his soldier had run away five years before National Security Adviser Susan Rice told the world that Bergdahl served honorably.
The shooting of father-of-four Walter Scott by a white cop has provoked a torrent of anger and grief from celebrities on social media. Mr Scott, 50, was gunned down by Officer Michael Slager on Saturday morning in Charleston, South Carolina. Pop star and Destiny's Child member, Michelle Williams, wrote: 'Once again... #WalterScott' and added a broken heart. Singer Janelle Mone said: 'This brought tears to my eyes. #WalterScott reminds me of my uncle, family. Can only imagine the pain his fam feels'
Tiffany Gay thought she was being led outside for a routine fire drill but instead she found her biggest crush, junior Luis Velasquez, holding a bouquet of flowers. Gay is a special needs student who struggles with a genetic disorder called Prader-Willi Syndrome (PWS) that causes sufferers to have an insatiable appetite. Video of the proposal has over 3.5 million views since being posted on Tuesday.
Cheryl and Robert Prudham plan to renew vows in 'no expense spared' trip. The couple, from Gravesend, Kent, have just got back together after a short split. Mrs Prudham, 33, plans to wear a £1,000 designer gown for the ceremony.
Mark Ward Faville, of Christiansburg, Virginia, was found guilty of voluntary manslaughter in the death of his wife Anne, who died in 2000. Faville then took his own life as he was being led away from the courthouse, though it is not known how he did this. Faville was later found dead of a self-inflicted wound, though it is not known what kind of weapon he may have used to kill himself.
Mass brawl broke out inside Resorts World Casino in Queens, New York. Fight started when two women clashed during long wait for drinks. Guests grabbed chairs and poles to bring the fight to a halt. Four security guards and a police officer were injured in the brawl. Three men were arrested and charged with disorderly conduct.
Arias was convicted of murder and sentenced to life in prison - with no change of parole - on Monday. She killed ex-boyfriend Travis Alexander in 2008 in what prosecutors said was a jealous rage because he wanted to break off their relationship. She later said she flashed the grin because that's what her victim would have done if he were in the same situation.
Government planning to expand Qinghai to Tibet railway 'at Nepal's request' New plans show Beijing building links with Nepal, a country India regards as firmly within its sphere of influence.
Acetaminophen is the main ingredient in the over-the-counter pain reliever Tylenol. This is the first time that this side effect has been discovered. Researchers don't know if other pain relievers such as ibuprofen and aspirin have the same effect, although they plan on finding out in future research.
Henry and Donna Lou Rayhons married seven years ago in Iowa. But their domestic routine unraveled as Donna's health began to fail. Last year, the 78-year-old woman was moved into a nursing home. According to Henry Rayhon's family, this was decided by her daughters from a previous marriage. Conflict developed over how to care for Donna Lou Rayhons, culminating in a meeting in which staff told Henry Rayhons that his wife was no longer mentally capable of legally consenting to have sex. On Wednesday, he will stand trial for sexually assaulting his wife, who
A house in Dungog, in NSW's Hunter Valley, was filmed being swept away by floodwater. Another was spotted being swept away in Toronto, near Lake Macquarie, west of Newcastle. More than 20 people have been rescued from the flooding, and 215,000 homes and businesses are without power. More rain and strong winds will continue into Tuesday evening.
Sir John Chilcot's inquiry into the Iraq war, began in 2009, stopped taking evidence in 2011. Was expected to be published after the 2015 general election. Tony Blair is expected to come under intense scrutiny for sanctioning the war.
Photographs of nine-year-old boy's horrific injuries were shared online. His adoptive mother Li has been arrested on suspicion of child abuse. The 50-year-old told the boy's school she was'strict' with him.
IKEA's new service, Wedding Online, allows couples to virtually wed. Allows couples to wed via a process that resembles a mass group Skype. Guests can view the proceedings, as long as they have a webcam handy.
Couple took son out of school without permission for a five-day holiday to Spain. They were originally fined £120 for the unauthorised absence from Sweyne Park School in Rayleigh, Essex. After they appealed unsuccessfully, court bailiffs visited on March 6 demanding £1,230. Boy's grandmother paid up to stop the bailiffs taking property to cover the amount owed.
Mimi and Joe Lemay's five-year-old son Jacob was born a girl named Mia, but the couple has now accepted that he is a boy.
Laurene Jobs, 51, called former First Lady Hillary a'revolutionary' woman, and added that it's not just because she's a woman - but 'the type of woman she is' Mrs Clinton announced her intention to seek the Democratic nomination on Sunday. She set upon the campaign trail with a trip to meet 'ordinary' voters in Iowa. But she was blasted for her'staged' visit on Tuesday morning to a coffee shop in LeClaire, Iowa. Austin Bird, one of the men pictured sitting at the table with Mrs Clinton, claimed the whole event was orchestrated 'from beginning to end
Lloyd Dennis has been charged with 28 offences against two children. The 32-year-old taught at a number of primary schools in Hampshire. Charges include rape and sexual activity with a child. Police are appealing for anyone with information to come forward.
Michael Keith Spell, 25, of Parachute, Colorado, was sentenced following a hearing in Sidney, Montana, Friday. Spell pleaded guilty in October to killing Sherry Arnold, 43, after attempting to abduct the popular math teacher as she was jogging near her home in 2012. Arnold's body was found months later buried in a shallow grave in a rural area near Williston, North Dakota.
Henri Morris, 67, jailed for 10 years for 'calculated and choreographed' crime. Married software executive drugged female employee on business trip. She woke up naked and boss was standing over her taking pictures. FBI set up task force and found eight other women who claimed to have been abused by him.
The 10 tonne 'fatberg' was discovered beneath one of Chelsea's most exclusive streets. The 40 metre long lump was made up of congealed waste and wet wipes. It was so heavy that it caused the 1940s sewer in Chelsea to break. Thames Water have now been forced to repair the sewer at a cost of £400,000.
Brian Nicol, 32, died while staying in a luxury villa in Nueva Andalucia. Mr Nicol is believed to have travelled to Spain with a group of friends. The group went on a night out in Marbella before returning to the villa. Mr Nicol is understood to have dived into the pool and swum underwater. But he failed to resurface and friends dragged him out of the water. Paramedics tried to revive him but he could not be saved.
Artist Alison Nastasi has collated a collection of intimate portraits featuring well-known artists with their furry friends. Features Salvador Dali, Henri Matisse, Georgia O'Keefe and many others. The intimate shots see the artists in rarely-seen settings, with many of them reclining in their homes.
Vincent Stanford is accused of murdering bride-to-be Stephanie Scott. The 24-year-old moved to Leeton, NSW, 13 months ago with his family. Neighbours described him as a 'loner' who kept to himself. His identical twin brother moved from Holland back to Australia in 2013. Stanford was not contracted to work on the Sunday that he allegedly killed Ms Scott.
David Cameron and the Tories predicted to get 31.8 per cent of the vote. Labour at just one tenth of a percentage point behind with 31.7 per cent. Liberal Democrats predicted to get 13.5 per cent, slightly ahead of UKIP.
Ian Joll was forced to crash land his plane during a strafing attack in 1940. His plane was hit by ground fire and he was forced to shoot into the fuel tank. The only thing to do was shoot into the plane's fuel tank and land on Dutch beach. His mother Mabel Joll fainted when she opened the door to see her son. Sq Ldr Joll survived the crash and persuaded a ship to take him back to England. His story came to light as his medals are put up for auction.
Lib Dem leader reveals balance of power lies with his wife Miriam Gonzalez Durantez. After last election, Mr Clegg was given the option of moving his family into a grace-and-favour government mansion. But the move was vetoed by his wife who said it would be a waste of space. Couple reveal why they decided to remain with their three sons in family home.
CCTV footage captured the tragic moment Nurhayada Sofia fell to her death. The six-year-old was out shopping with her mother at a mall in Malaysia. Accident happened while her mother was on the phone to her husband Musa.
Abdul Hadi Arwani, an opponent of Syrian President Bahsar Al-Assad, visited the area where he was killed with his son days before his death. Arwani, 48, was shot and killed in his car on a quiet street in North West London after being called there last Tuesday. Scotland Yard is looking into whether the man was a hired killer who postponed the hit because Arwani was not alone.
Lorenzo Simon killed his friend and stuffed his body in a suitcase. The 39-year-old's remains were stuffed into two cases and dumped. Simon and his girlfriend Michelle Bird then threw them into Birmingham Canal. Police have released CCTV footage of the pair dragging cases along pavement. Simon was found guilty of murder at Birmingham Crown Court today. Bird was convicted of assisting an offender and sentenced to two and a half years.
Tests would be designed to select the exceptional applicants. University said recent changes to the exams system made it more difficult to decide which students to admit.
Landlord Naveed Hussain, 33, jailed for 12 months for health and safety offences. His brother Rizwan, 39, was also jailed for health and safety offences. Pair were trying to convert three-storey building in Sheffield into flats. Three people were injured and 20 students were left homeless after collapse. Judge tells them: 'It was only by the grace of God that people were not killed'
Millionaire businessman said Ed Miliband’s plan to scrap ‘non-dom’ status had won him over. Comes after he signed a letter from more than 100 business leaders backing Tories’ economic record. TV star helped unveil'seaside manifesto' with Gordon Brown before 2010 election.
Kim Scott posted a poem she had written for her sister and her intended brother-in-law on what would have been their wedding day. Ms Scott was due to marry her partner of five years Aaron Leeson-Woolley on Saturday. The body of Ms Scott was found in Cocoparra National Park on Friday. Vincent Stanford, 24, was arrested with her murder on Thursday morning.
A woman who may be a 'possible DUI driver' led the California Highway Patrol on a slow-speed chase, and even stopped at traffic lights, through Los Angeles for almost an hour. The CHP became aware of the woman after someone called 911 to report there was an erratic driver in a black SUV on a freeway in Orange County around 12:30pm Wednesday. The woman was 'weaving, accelerating and slowing down,' according to a tweet by the official CHP Southern Division Twitter.
Dzhokhar Tsarnaev's aunt, Maret Tsarnaeva, and two other relatives claim he was wrongly convicted as part of a U.S. conspiracy. Tsarnaev was found guilty by a Boston jury on April 8 of all 30 counts - 17 of them carrying the death penalty - in connection to the deadly April 2013 attacks. The relatives have also attempted to get messages to Tsarnaev, urging him to fire his defense lawyers. However it appears that this request was now at odds with Tsarnaev's mother, who ranted in the wake of his guilty verdict that her son is
Prince William is due at the Cenotaph on the same day the Duchess of Cambridge is expected to give birth. Despite the clash, the Duke of Cambridge plans to do ‘everything he can’ to be at the official commemorations.
Prairie dog deaths at Picture Canyon in Arizona alerted officials to disease. Parasitic insects found near a water treatment plant in Flagstaff. Scientists say disease is similar to the plague's homeland of Central Asia. Last plague epidemic in the US was in Los Angeles in 1924.
The teenager from Lahore in Punjab province Pakistan, who has been identified only as Nuaman, is recovering in hospital from burns to 55 percent of his body. He was approached by two Muslim youths as they left Friday prayers at their local mosque. They asked him what his religion was and then, when he replied he was a Christian, they started beating him. Nuaman tired to escape but as he fled the two other boys poured Kerosene on him and set him on fire.
Candice Swanepoel, Elsa Hosk and Jasmine Tookes star in campaign. Candice, 26, leads glamour by guiding fellow models through energetic routine. Each model carries pink striped umbrella, which shoppers receive for free when they purchase two bras from the new range.
Kyle Knox, from London, was last seen at the foot of Ben Nevis on March 31. The 23-year-old was reported missing the following day when he failed to return to his hotel in Fort William. When he vanished people were being urged not to go to Scotland's mountains unless they had the proper equipment and experience due to the severe weather conditions.
Ceara Lynch, 28, is from Portland, Oregon, and her first pair of underwear sold for $70. She makes most of her money from custom videos that cost $1 per minute and subscribers pay a monthly fee of $39.99 for access to her site.
Police say they have found the mother of a newborn found in toilet bowl. It is believed the girl, named April by staff at Ormskirk Hospital, may have been 'born where she was found' She was just hours old when she was discovered at Southport arcade. Amusement arcade employee Christina Hodskinson found baby April when colleague said toilets needed cleaning. She was quickly joined by fellow worker Warren Chadwick who came to help. Mr Chadwick said his paternal instinct kicked in immediately when he pulled baby out. Infant was taken to Ormskirk Hospital where she is being cared for by staff.
Qatar Airways named the most reliable airline in the world. Travel site, WanderBat, ranked the top 22 airlines around the world. Emirates and China Eastern came second and third. British Airways was the only UK airline to make the list.
Azamara Club Cruises has two ships in its fleet, which each carry about 680 passengers. The smaller size of the vessels means not only a more intimate on-board experience - but it also means the ships can access ports off-limits to the bigger vessels. The cruises attracted a wide spread of age groups, from people in their 30s up to their 80s.
duffel bag containing human remains was found on Saturday morning. It was spotted outside building used by biotechnology company Biogen. More remains have been found in common area of nearby apartment building. Suspect has been arrested for accessory after the crime of assault and battery causing serious bodily injury and improper disposal of human remains. They have not been charged with homicide; investigation is ongoing.
Donald Graham, 62, killed heiress and property developer Janet Brown, 45. He stole £816,000 from her bank accounts to fund his lavish lifestyle. Ms Brown vanished in 2005 and her body has never been found. Graham was jailed for life with a minimum term of 32 years for her murder. Newcastle Crown Court heard he now has no available assets and so must pay back just back £1.
3.7 million of the short-fused gun owners also confessed to carrying weapons outside of the home. Research carried out by Harvard, Columbia and Duke University. Majority of angry gun owners were young or middle aged men. They were said to be more likely to live in suburban areas and be married.
Mohammed Morsi sentenced to 20 years for ordering the arrest and torture of protesters in 2012. But a Cairo court acquitted the 63-year-old of charges that would have seen him face the death penalty. Fourteen others were convicted on the same charges, with most also sentenced to 20 years in jail. Morsi came to power following the 2011 ouster of Hosni Mubarak in a popular uprising.
Grant Hackett's father has revealed his son's sleeping pill addiction was triggered by a death threat. Neville Hackett said his son had 'his life threatened by a well-known associate of criminals' two years ago. The 34-year-old made a come back last Sunday when he earned a 2015 world titles relay team berth by cruising to fourth place in one minute and 46.84 seconds. It also began around the time he divorced Australian singer Candice Alley in August 2013.
The man, known only as Donor 7042, carries a defective gene known as neurofibromatosis 1 (NF1) that can pass on a severe, life-limiting condition to his offspring. Demand for Danish sperm soaring, the donor is understood to have fathered 99 ‘Viking babies’ across the world through the clinic Nordic Cryobank. A child born from a parent with the defective gene has up to a 50 per cent chance of developing the disease.
Scott Shirley, his wife Mayo and son Phoenix were flying from Orlando to Washington DC. After putting their bags on the floor of the cabin, the family discovered the bags to be wet with vomit. Mr Shirley described how his wife was so upset she began crying and shaking, and they were given two options by United staff. Because Mrs Shirley had to go to work next day, the family say they had no choice but to remain in the seats.
Kevin Gill found the alligator injured after it was attacked by a bird and gave it to his son, 13, to nurse back to health. But when deputies came to search the family's home for an unrelated issue, they found the baby gator - and told Gill it was illegal. To keep an alligator of any size in Florida, you need to apply for a license.
New York City's Library Hotel was designed around the Dewey Decimal System. Each floor is dedicated to one of the 10 major categories and decorated according to a genre or topic. Hotel's rooftop bar, Writer's Den & Poetry Garden, serves literary-themed cocktails.
Stewart will present his final The Daily Show on August 6. He kept things lighthearted by talking about how sentimental it will be. He joked that he would dress well for his swan song and announced a competition to get tickets to the final show. It comes after he revealed that he decided to quit because he was becoming increasing depressed watching cable news.
Challenge was part of the central China stage of the annual Miss Bikini of the Universe contest. Girls put aside their fear of heights as they paraded along the narrow footpath in red bikinis and black high heels.
Raul Hector Castro, Arizona's only Hispanic governor, has died at age 98. Castro passed away on Friday morning while in his sleep in San Diego where he was in hospice care, a family spokesman said. He was a self-made man, the embodiment of the American dream overcoming poverty and discrimination to graduate from college. During his career, Castro also served as an American ambassador to three countries including El Salvador, Bolivia and Argentina.
Dr Donald DeWitt, 65, charged with attempted sexual assault, child endangerment and criminal sexual contact. Dewitt is prominent teacher at Bergen County Academies in Hackensack, New Jersey. Victim's sister discovered DeWitt's lewd emails and told their mother, who then called police.
A dummy wearing a balaclava was spotted on a boat sailing down the Thames. The dummy was wearing a balaclava and holding a fake missile launcher. A passer-by reported seeing the 4ft long weapon on a barge in Reading. Police and an Army bomb disposal team responded to the call. They confirmed it was a dummy and said the weapon was 'purely ornamental'
Jerry Hugel, 83, his wife Marianne Hugel, 80, and friend Walter Vondddentha, 76, were found dead in their Queens home on Friday. Hugel was found in the seat of his car in the garage and his wife was found in the room directly next to the garage. It appeared the car was accidentally left running in the garage, but it was unclear for how long, investigators said. The Hugels had lived in the home for 40 years, and an elderly woman lived upstairs as their tenant. The deaths come on the heels of other carbon monoxide incidents that killed at least 10
Zambi Wildlife Retreat is a sanctuary for retired, old, injured and homeless animals. It is home to lions, tigers, monkeys, dingoes, parrots, rescued farm and domestic animals from all over Australia. The retreat – which is not yet open to the public – is home to lions, tigers, monkeys, dingoes, parrots, rescued farm and domestic animals from all over Australia.
Hitler seems ill at ease with his hands, squeezing them into his lederhosen pockets in one photo, and perching them awkwardly on his hips in another. A tattered copy of the magazine was found by a British soldier in a bombed German house after the war.
The mother of two, Lincoln, two, and Delta, just four months, with actor Dax Sheppard, appears on the front cover of Good Housekeeping's May issue.
Lauren Hill was diagnosed with Diffuse Intrinsic Pontine Glioma after she became dizzy following a basketball game with her high school team. The 19-year-old defied doctors' expectations after she was diagnosed with a rare form of inoperable brain cancer just after her 18th birthday. She played with her college team at Mount St Joseph University in Cincinnati to raise $1.5million for cancer research. Her casket was today moved into the arena where she made her first basket five months ago.
Man seen on video deliberately knocking an elderly man to the floor. The 63-year-old man is seen unsteady on his feet and falling backwards. He is then left lying on the ground in the middle of the road in Aintree. The racegoer, 34, comes forward to police and is questioned under caution. He was released this morning pending further inquiries.
Jade Walters loaned out her beloved horse Magic to help a young girl learn to ride. The 21-year-old was shocked to discover the horse had been sold. Appeal for Magic's whereabouts has been shared 58,000 times on social media. The horse's fate has sparked fury in the equestrian community.
The 56-year-old singer performed her first ever stand-up routine on Thursday. She told jokes about dating a 26-year-old man and her collection of Andy Warhol paintings. Her three-minute routine was either the biggest bomb in late-night history or the most introspective, critique of superstardom ever broadcast to a mass audience.
Holly Littlefield, 16, was arrested and held in a police cell for 14 hours. Zoe Gregory, 26, hijacked her email account to issue the threat. Teenager was too scared to return to school for two days and was taunted. Gregory warned she could face up to seven years in prison due to seriousness of offence.
Robosub was examining the depths of the Gulf of Mexico when the sperm whale suddenly appeared. Footage shows the curious leviathan swimming in and out of the camera lights, at times spinning and looking directly into the camera.
Jonny Bucknell, 58, was enjoying dinner in the chamber of Camden Council. But a Labour rival spotted him and alerted other councillors. Mayor Lazzaro Pietragnoli interrupted the proceedings to tell him off. Bucknell says he was unaware there was a ban on eating in the chamber.
The British actor was named on Tuesday the first global advocate for the United Nations' Mine Action Service. Craig will spend the next three years raising awareness for the U.N. Mine Action Service and political and financial support for the cause. Last year, the United Nations said it destroyed more than 400,000 land mines and explosive remnants of war and more than 2,000 tons of obsolete ammunition.
The dog was discovered in the play area of an animal shelter in California. It has injuries to its ears and stomach believed to have been caused by chemicals. Kristy Keusch from Umbrella of Hope is now caring for the dog and is looking for prospective adopters.
In real life, 007 would have perished several times in his most recent film. Incidents that ought to have been fatal include one before credits rolled. Experts say many characters in other top films would also have struggled. They include John McClane in Die Hard and Home Alone cast.
Yanomami are an indigenous ethnic group in the Amazonian region of South America. There are about 26,000 Yanomami living in Brazil and 15,000 in Venezuela. First comprehensive study of the microbes living on and in uncontacted tribe from the Amazon.
Will Allen and his business partner are facing civil fraud charges from federal regulators over allegations the pair ran a multi-million dollar Ponzi scheme. They're accused of reaping more than $31 million in a Ponzi scheme that promised high returns to investors from funding loans to cash-strapped pro athletes. The Securities and Exchange Commission announced the charges Monday against William D. Allen, Susan Daub and their Capital Financial Partners investment firms. Allen, 36, was a cornerback in the NFL from 2001 to 2012, playing for the New York Giants and the Miami Dolphins.
David Cameron greeted voters in the street as he left his speech in Cheltenham. But aides ordered that the Jack Russell and poodle cross-breed be kept well away from the Conservative Party leader. Owner Sarah Styler was taking Silver for his morning walk when she spotted TV crews gathered outside the church hall.
Overall global sales of $14.97 billion fell marginally from 2013. Report named the year's top-selling album - the 'Frozen' soundtrack. Pharrell Williams' 'Happy' was the top single, selling 13.9 million copies. Taylor Swift famously removed her music from Spotify.
Residents in Lastres have complained about pilgrims defecating outside their homes. Camino de Santiago pilgrimage attracts thousands of pilgrims every year. But there can be very few places to go when nature calls on walkers.
Richard Hammond, 45, has released his first home video on YouTube. It follows the former Top Gear presenter as he lives his 'bored' life. The ten-minute film has already been watched more than 230,000 times.
Bruno Fernndez has been arrested in connection with the disappearance of his former lodger Adriana Giogiosa, 55. The 32-year-old has been dubbed the 'Majadahonda Ripper' after police searched his home and discovered blood stains and what is thought to have been a human tooth. Neighbours said he'regularly' sacrificed live animals prompting a series of complaints to police.
Hawaii scientists say a supervoid may account for an anomaly in the cosmic microwave background radiation (CMB) of the universe. In 2004 astronomers first found the 'Cold Spot' - a region 20 per cent less dense than elsewhere - and may now have an explanation for its formation. The supervoid is thought to be causing a 'less-dense' region of the universe. At 1.8 billion light-years across it would be the biggest object ever found. But some 'exotic physics' is also needed to explain what's happening.
Union Unison has called for more research into effects of long hours. One member highlighted how staff at a hospital are expected to work six long days a week, totalling up to 78 hours a week. Jane Smith told colleagues: 'The fact staff are so tired has a detrimental effect on patient care and (also) puts other staff at risk'
Hiroshi Ueda came up with the idea to take'selfies' while on holiday in Europe. He designed an extendable stick after his camera was stolen by a child. The device failed to become a success due to poor image quality. Mr Ueda's patent ran out in 2003, but he has not benefited from the recent boom. Instead Canadian inventor Wayne Fromm developed a hand-held extendable selfie stick in the early 2000s.
Former TOWIE star, 24, has designed summer range of pastels and florals. Says they were big at Coachella and she's done her take on them. Says she designs for real women, not photoshopped models.
Lib Dem leader said second home owners would not mind having to 'chip in a bit' to protect services in rural areas. Well-off buying up homes in tourist hotspots has left local people priced out of the areas where they grew up. Levy would be used in part to deter people from buying holiday homes in the first place. But the money generated could be used to support schools, post officers and other services which can become unviable without sufficient permanent residents.
Labour leader uses speech in Edinburgh to try to shore up support north of border. He claims the Tory election campaign has descended into 'desperation and panic' But a poll shows just 25% of Scots plan to back Labour, robbing him of an overall majority. Nicola Sturgeon insists she is taking 'absolutely nothing for granted'
A Washington, DC-based company called United Space Structures wants to create a new space station. Their giant cylinder could apparently replace the ISS. It would rotate four times per minute to create artificial gravity. It would be 1,300ft (400 metres) long, cost £200 billion ($300 billion) and take 30 years to build. A rotating station would allow people to live as if they were walking on Earth, allowing them to stay in space for long periods of time.
Dr Oz, 54, is the vice chairman and professor of surgery at Columbia's College of Physicians and Surgeons. The Harvard-educated doctor joined the faculty at Columbia in 1993. Dr Henry Miller of California's Stanford University led the effort and he was the first person to sign the letter.
Glenn Mason, 56, plundered the accounts of nine pensioners including an 83 year-old woman and a 92 year-old man. Mason got away with the thefts for almost a year before his arrest in July 2012. His attempts to cover up his crime by transferring money using the identity of two of his colleagues led to them being sacked and charged with fraud. Mason, who was jailed for 15 months in November last year, has said he will pay back the whole £185,000 out of his RBS pension pot.
The man was spotted urinating in a field in Benington, Lincolnshire. Food supplier TH Clements & Son said he was sacked with immediate effect. The field is used by Tesco as a source of vegetables for its stores.
Residents in Oldham, Manchester, had noticed the rubbish piling up. They had assumed one of their neighbours had been dumping the bags there. But a binman was filmed lifting them out of bins before throwing them. Oldham Council had slapped stickers on the bin bags because they were not properly disposed of.
Scientists in California have described how to create artificial auroras on Earth. They said a particle accelerator could be sent 185 miles (300km) up into space. It would then fire high-energy beams back at Earth's atmosphere. The beam might even be able to trigger different forms of lightning. There are two types of auroras on Earth - the Aurora Borealis in the Northern Hemisphere, and the Aurora Australis in the Southern Hemisphere.
Prince Abdul Malik and Dayangku Raabi'atul 'Adawiyyah Pengiran Haji Bolkiah married in an opulent ceremony yesterday. Prince William and Kate Middleton's wedding cost £24million ($34m) Tom Cruise and Katie Holmes' ceremony cost £1.4million ($2m) Chelsea Clinton and Marc Mezvinsky's wedding cost £3.5million ($5m)
George Osborne met the doppelganger at a campaign stop in Somerset. The Chancellor was given a tour of the Numatic factory in Chard. He was promoting the Government's plan to create 16,000 new apprenticeships.
Casey Veal's son Zayden was just 10 months old when he was bludgeoned to death by a drug-crazed burglar. The culprit was 19-year-old Harley Hicks who bashed baby Zayden more than 30 times with a homemade baton. The drug-fuelled killed unplugged the baby monitor before unleashing the vicious attack on the defenceless baby while Ms Veal and Zayden's brother Xavier, then aged three, slept.
Ed and Justine Miliband first met at a dinner party, hosted by the woman he was'secretly' dating. At the time, he was chief economics adviser to the Chancellor, Gordon Brown. Mrs Miliband said she was 'furious' when she found out he was'secretly going out'
Located in the slums of Rio de Janeiro, crack cocaine users visit the open-air bazaars to buy rocks of the drug. As the country's drugs crisis reaches epidemic levels, its markets pull in anyone looking to get high. Some of whom once held jobs, had loving families and harbored dreams of a better existence - all lost to their addictions.
Sheila Secker, 78, had not used her pay-as-you-go phone for some time. As a result, her Vodafone number was retired without warning. When she collapsed in her home, she could not contact her family. She died in hospital on New Year's Day.
Stephen Howells, 39, and his 25-year-old girlfriend Nicole Vaisey were charged last summer with sexually exploiting the Amish girls and other children. They 'abducted the girls, then aged seven and 12, from their family's farm roadside vegetable stand on August 13 and shackled them to a bed before sexually abusing them' They'released them 24 hours later and returned them to a couple's home in Bigelow, New York, where they were met by the couple's other children' Their federal trial has been reset for July 6 on charges they coerced minors to make pornographic videos, and they also face kidnapping
For U.S. moms, the typical time between pregnancies is about 212 years but nearly a third of women space their children too close. Experts say mothers should wait at least 18 months to give their body time to recover and increase the chances the next child is full-term and healthy. The study released on Thursday by the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention found that about 30 percent of women who'd had a child became pregnant again within 18 months.
Field Marshal Erwin Rommel gained respect from his foes for his tactical acumen and sense of fairness during the battle for North Africa. Rommel became an iconic wartime figure – and the stylish goggles he famously wore across his peak cap became part of the myth. Now the story of how the German came to be in possession of the goggles can be told for the first time.
Geralyn Ganci, 32, worked as a dispatcher for US Limousine in Long Island, New York. She was fired in 2009 after boss Raymond Townsend allegedly forced her into a bathroom and put his hand up her shirt in a day when his wife was not at work. Townsend was found liable for sexual harassment by a federal jury in 2010. A judge has settled the final amount owed by US Limousine and Townsend at more than $700,000.
Thomas Cain's mother Ora Mae died in 1943 when he was just 12 years old. He had assumed there was no surviving photograph of her. But his granddaughter, Andrea Ferrell, 29, tracked down an old image from the 1920s. Video shows the moment he sees the photograph for the first time in 70 years.
Letter reveals Darrell Issa asked about use of personal email in December 2012. But the reply didn't come until more than a month after Clinton stepped down. Issa was chairman of the House committee on oversight and government reform.
Memo warns that the UK faces turmoil if there is a hung parliament. It was drawn up to brief the Senate and House of Representatives on the impact of Britain’s General Election. The document was prepared by the Congressional Research Service.
Lawsuit filed by Joyce Kuhl accuses SeaWorld of 'false, misleading and deceptive business practices' Claims orcas are being kept in 8ft deep holding pools, leaving them 'essentially roasting' Also alleges that chlorine used in their tanks is'many times stronger than household bleach' Follows failed social media campaign last month during which SeaWorld was asked if their 'tanks were filled with orca tears'
Nicola Sturgeon said she would back calls for all tax powers to be devolved. But Labour leader Jim Murphy warned this would leave £7.6bn black hole. He warned this would trigger higher taxes, deeper spending cuts or borrowing. First Minister was forced to admit her MPs would vote for it next year. Debate was held in Aberdeen University's Elphinstone Hall tonight. It came a day after she was booed for refusing to rule out another referendum.
Bristol County Sheriff Thomas Hodgson said Hernandez knows how to use his charm and manipulate better than anyone he has ever seen. Hernandez was convicted April 15 of the 2013 killing of Odin Lloyd, who was dating the sister of Hernandez's fiancee. He will ultimately end up at the maximum-security Souza-Baranowski state prison.
Nyia Parler, 41, left her quadriplegic son, 21, with just a blanket and a bible. She allegedly left him in a wooded area outside Philadelphia for five days. Relatives contacted by the boy's school when he didn't turn up to class. Parler was detained in Maryland on Saturday night, charged with assault and neglect. She will be arrested as soon as she is released from hospital.
Sir Jeremy Heywood has ordered an investigation into the leaked memo. Nicola Sturgeon has called on Ed Miliband to 'lock out' David Cameron if the election goes to a hung parliament. She called on Mr Miliband to commit to working with the SNP.
Georgina Chapman, who is married to Harvey Weinstein, shared an Instagram image of a large bouquet of flowers he had bought for her on Tuesday. It comes four days after Italian model Ambra Battilana, 22, told police he had groped her during a meeting at his Manhattan office last month. The Manhattan District Attorney's office decided not to prosecute Weinstein, 63, on Friday.
Tony Blackburn claims Jimmy Savile 'tarnished' his era at the BBC. The 72-year-old says his friend and colleague Paul Gambaccini's name was 'dragged through the mud' during probes into historic sex abuse. The BBC is still reeling from a string of allegations levelled against former staff - most of them Blackburn's vintage.
Shiraz Nawaz, 36, said he felt lucky to be alive after the flames shot out of the manhole just seconds after he had walked over it. The father-of-two had been on his way to his local takeaway when he heard buzzing just a few feet behind him. As he turned around he noticed charred ground and watched on as black smoke began billowing from the manhole. Flames shot up to a startling 15-foot high and could be reaching the top of the nearby shop and take away fronts. Miraculously nobody was hurt in the incident, thanks to Mr Shiraz who had evacuated the nearby takeaway.
Amber Phillips says she regrets making her mother undergo chemotherapy against her will when her breast cancer progressed to the point that she could not enjoy her life. 'The pain and suffering took some of her dignity away when she became so ill that she was not able to work,' said Phillips of her mother Connie Phillips. Phillips says her mother would have wanted to end her own life to reclaim some of her autonomy and dignity.
Consultant Peter Wilson said Ashya's chances of long-term survival could have been halved by Brett and Naghmeh King's decision to flee abroad. Dr Wilson claimed the chemotherapy was essential to reduce the chances of the five-year-old's cancer returning. He said: 'I personally received a letter from a person who said they wished my children got cancer and died'
Amie Cox, 33, of Victoria, has admitted she prefers her younger son Alex, 5, over her older son William, 7. The 33-year-old says she has a'special smell connection' to her younger son Alex and sniffs him 'all the time' The revelation came to light during the taping of an SBS Insight programme about sibling rivalry. Ms Cox says she has been attacked online but is a 'normal loving Mum'
North Korean dictator Kim Jong-Un pictured climbing Mount Paektu. The mountain is believed to be the birthplace of Kim Jong-Il. Kim Jong-Un told soldiers the alleged climb was like 'nuclear weapons'
Compromised information included patients' names, home addresses, ages, illnesses, test results or Social Security numbers. Most involved electronic data and theft, including stolen laptops and computer thumb drives. The study didn't examine motives behind criminal breaches, or how stolen data might have been used. Cyber-security experts say thieves may try to use patients' personal information to fraudulently obtain medical services.
Abdul Hadi Arwani, 48, was found dead in his car in Wembley last week. Today CPS announced that Leslie Cooper, 36, would be charged with murder. Cooper, from Brent, north-west London, appeared before magistrates. He was remanded in custody and will appear at the Old Bailey later this week. Second man, 61, arrested on suspicion of conspiracy to murder Mr Arwani.
George Osborne has gone from being booed at the Paralympics to being credited with helping turn Britain's economy around. Confidence in the economy has risen on the same slow but steady path as that of the Chancellor himself. Osborne went on the 5:2 diet and lost 2st.
Queen's Hospital, Burton, experienced 'unprecedented number of deaths' Bodies were transferred to the mortuary for viewings, then returned to the lorry. Bosses admitted they didn't tell relatives about the arrangement. A spokesman has claimed the use of a refrigerated lorry is normal practice.
Married couple claim Paul Phillips, 67, 'constantly harassed' them. They moved a gate at the back of their £210,000 house in Poole, Dorset. Mr Phillips accused the Coplestons of putting the gate up on communal land. When they challenged him they say claim embarked on a campaign of misery. Mr Phillips was caught on a covert camera fiddling with the gate's lock.
The video, taken from a plane yesterday, shows the the Falcon 9 booster lowering itself onto the platform, before a gust of wind sways it to one side. The 14-storey booster manages to hit the barge, but its high speed and tilt causes it to explode on impact. The maneuver was attempted following the launch of the Falcon 9 rocket a few minutes earlier from Cape Canaveral in Florida.
Harley Jo Skorpenske suffers from Systemic lupus erythematosus, an autoimmune disease which causes visible swelling and joint pain. The note was left on her car after she stopped at a CVS in Cleveland, Ohio. It read: 'When you take a handicap spot, an actual disabled person suffers. You were not raised as you should have been'
Catholic bishops in America have slammed Wolf Hall as 'prejudice-laden presentation of the past' The BBC drama was broadcast in the U.S. for the first time on PBS last night. A review for Catholic News Service said the audience is encouraged to root for'monster' Thomas Cromwell, played by Mark Rylance. The depiction of Catholic martyr Sir Thomas More, played by Anton Lesser, is described as'sleazy, mean-spirited and just plain rude'
Wayne Heneker was going about his usual cash drop off at a Queensland tavern when he was ambushed by a gunman. The security guard shot the gunman three times in a bid to save his own life. It was only after he fired the shots that he realised that the man he had just killed was an ex-colleague. Mr Heneker said he is still struggling to cope with the fact that he had killed one of his mates.
Muslim couple Hafeez Batthi, 33, and his wife, Khalida, 26, have been described as 'hardworking, honest and kind' by members of the local Islamic community. The couple were abused by a middle-aged woman on a Sydney train on Wednesday afternoon. Stacey Eden, 23, overheard the ranter insulting the Muslim couple as 'ISIS terrorists' and was recorded on video standing up for them. NSW police sources told Daily Mail Australia a formal investigation is 'definitely' under way into Wednesday's incident.
Stevie McCrorie has been crowned the winner of The Voice UK 2015. Will.i.am, Rita Ora, Tom Jones and Ricky Wilson will be praying for his success. Previous winners Leanne Mitchell, Andrea Begley and Jermain Jackman have all failed to make an impact on the music industry.
Thomas Buckett plunged 15ft on to a concrete floor after friends dared him to jump on a glass skylight. The group of teenagers had broken into the school’s tuck shop before scaling the roof on a Sunday in May 2010.
Jessica Kemp says teachers threatened to remove her son Logan from class. The 32-year-old applied the oils to his head and neck to help him calm down. Teacher's aide complained the oils created a 'problem' for staff and students. However, Lake County school district said it was a 'health issue'
Leaked affidavit obtained by Washington Post quotes prisoner who shared a ride with Freddie Gray on April 12. Claims he heard Gray 'banging against the walls' and 'intentionally trying to injure himself' The 38-year-old prisoner, who remains jailed for violating a restraining order, also says he could not see what Gray was doing since they were separated by a metal partition. The affidavit raises questions about its accuracy and the favorable light which it shines on the Baltimore police force.
After more than nine years, the New Horizons spacecraft is now just three months away from its historic encounter with Pluto. And now the spacecraft has taken its first colour image, revealing the dwarf planet and its moon Charon. It launched on 19 January 2006 at a speed of 36,373 mph (58,536 km/h) - the fastest spacecraft ever to leave Earth orbit, 100 times faster than a jetliner. On 14 July 2015 the flyby of Pluto will begin. Using a suite of instruments, the spacecraft will map the surface of Pluto and its moon Charon to a resolution of 25 miles (40km
High heels can put dangerous pressure on knee joints. Wearing away cartilage and increasing the risk of osteoarthritis. Some women need invasive knee replacement surgery. Average woman spends £136.52 on five new pairs of shoes a year.
Andrew Sadek's body was found in a river with a bullet to the head. His mother believes he signed his own death warrant when he became an informant. Sadek had been working with a drug task force as a confidential informant after he was caught selling marijuana on campus in 2013. Authorities say he knew what he was getting into and agreed to help them of his own free will.
Women are most popular at 25 years and 10 months. Men hit the friendship high at 27 years and three months. A third of adults met their closest friends while at school.
Vladimir Putin appeared on Russian TV today like you have never seen him before. His appearance is radically different to how he was previously pictured in 2007 and 2010. In both photographs the skin of Putin's face is more saggy, and he has visible dark circles under his eyes. persistent rumours he has undergone cosmetic surgery to give himself a more youthful look.
French model is filmed and photographed as she 'ages' an average of five years throughout a typical working day. The Parisian public observe her appearance and proceed to judge her as older - from as young as 26 to as old as 40.
A beachfront property with summer and winter cottages has gone on the market for £3million in Cornwall. Interest in the BBC series has spurred demand for holiday homes along the county's picturesque coastline. Estate agents said they have seen a rise in enquiries about the cottage, overlooking an ancient smugglers' cove. Boasting seven bedrooms, six reception rooms and seven bathrooms, the property has direct access to beach.
Jason Rezaian, 39, has been detained in Iran for eight months. The Washington Post journalist is the Post's Tehran bureau chief. Iranian officials announced in January that he would stand trial for'security charges' But news agency considered to be close to Iran hard-liners claims he has been accused of 'espionage' and 'acting against national security'
The Sigma Alpha Epsilon (SAE) fraternity at Clemson University in South Carolina has been put on probation for two years. The 'Cripmas' party, held last December, had white students throwing stereotypical gang symbols while dressed in red and blue bandanas. T-shirts with images of the late rapper Tupac Shakur and fake 'thug' tattoos. The incident caused a backlash as black students protested and said Clemson didn't do enough to promote racial tolerance.
Paramedics were called to Cockle Bay Wharf in Sydney's Darling Harbour. The man was on the boat dock when emergency services were called. Before they could wrap him in a foil blanket he fell backwards into the water again. He was taken to hospital as a precautionary measure.
Craig and Bonnie Morgan want their children to have the best possible start in life. But so desperate are they to get son Craig into a local prep school that they’ve put their house on the market in order to pay the fees. They’ve also slashed their weekly grocery bills by more than half, taken in lodgers, and have pinned their hopes on a ‘crowd-funding’ initiative.
Pope Francis has angered the Turkish government by describing the mass-murders of up to 1.5million Armenians in 1915 as 'the first genocide of the 20th century' The pontiff made the comments at a 100th anniversary Mass on Sunday. Turkey told the Vatican ambassador it was 'deeply sorry and disappointed'
The Yukon is almost twice the size of Britain, with ranges of snow-crusted peaks, emerald lakes and vast forests. There are few signs of habitation in this pristine wilderness, with only a few roads linking the small communities. In 1898 Dawson City, epicentre of the Gold Rush, was the largest city in Western Canada.
Scientists have found compounds in camomile and yarrow in Neanderthal teeth. This suggests they were used to flavour the meat that dominated their diet. Camomile has been used in the past to treat fever and to stem bleeding. Yarrow was also a popular vegetable in the 17th century, while the leaves can also be dried and used as a herb.
The coyote was first spotted by a resident walking his dog in a park near the Church of the Holy Apostles at 28th Street and Ninth Avenue in Chelsea. NYPD officers arrived at the scene after the resident alerted them to the sighting. However, the coyote did not surrender easily, sprinting across the grass and dodging officers' attempts to catch it. It was finally captured more than an hour later when cops shot it with a dart laced with Ketaset. 'Large, full-grown [and] strong' coyote was placed in a containment box and transported to Animal Care & Control for evaluation. It is the
Woman boarded bus in Ozone Park, Queens, and recorded driver. She said he looked at papers and drove with his wrists and forearms. Bus was replacing part of a closed subway line during the weekend. Driver could face termination or retraining depending on his work history.
A 37-year-old man was in custody Tuesday following the deaths of his wife and their two children at their home in suburban Detroit. The bodies of a 37-year-old woman, a 2-year-old girl and an 8-year-old boy were discovered by police Monday night. Investigators were trying to determine the circumstances surrounding the deaths. The victims have been identified as Christie Fradeneck, her daughter Celeste Fradeneck and her son Timothy Fradeneck.
The Sydney Harbour Bridge has topped the list as the most photographed Australian landmark on Instagram. With 342,969 photos, it trumps Sydney's popular Bondi Beach which has been ranked second with 261,911 photos. It is then followed by the World Heritage listed Sydney Opera House with 134,641 photos. The famous tourist attractions were listed in the 20 most 'Instagrammed' places in Australia as part of research released by Love Home Swap on Wednesday. According to the home-swapping site, nearly 60 million photos are uploaded on Instagram each day.
Officials with the Lamar Consolidated Independent School District say the eight-page handout wasn't approved by administrators. Authorities haven't yet released the name of the teacher at Foster High School in Richmond or what discipline he faces. The handout, entitled Islam/Radical Islam (Did You Know), made unsubstantiated claims like: '38 percent of Muslims believe people that leave the faith should be executed'
90% of bets placed on the sex of the new royal baby have been in favour of a girl. The 18th, 19th and 20th April are the most popular dates for birth. Names have also proved popular, with Alice the front runner for a princess.
The funeral for murdered high school teacher Stephanie Scott will be held next Wednesday. A memorial service will be held at the Eat Your Greens function centre in Eugowra, near Ms Scott's home town of Canowindra in rural NSW. Ms Scott was set to wed her childhood sweetheart Aaron Leeson-Woolley at the centre last Saturday. The 26-year-old's burned body was found around five metres from a road in Cocoparra National Park, north of Griffith, NSW, on Friday April 10. School cleaner Vincent Stanford, 24, has been charged with her murder and is due to
Sol Campbell is part of a new campaign to encourage minorities to register to vote in next month's General Election. Campbell has joined forces with Homeland actor David Harewood, musician Tinie Tempah and Paralympic medallist Ade Adepitan. Operation Black Vote features the stars in striking photographs ahead of the voting registration deadline on April 20. Campbell, 40, last month ruled out standing for the Conservatives in Kensington after Sir Malcolm Rifkind announced he would be standing down.
Edward Fride is the pastor at Christ the King in Ann Arbor, Michigan. In a pro-gun letter to parishioners, he warned that crime had gone up in the area while budget cuts meant there had been a'reduction in the availability of an armed police response' His letter was called ‘We’re not in Mayberry Anymore, Toto’ in a reference to the Andy Griffith Show set in a North Carolina town in the 1960s.
London-born street artist Plastic Jesus put up seven 'NO Kardashian Parking Anytime' signs around L.A. this week. He says he came up with the idea while driving down Melrose Avenue in L.A. a few weeks ago, when traffic was brought to a standstill because of a Kardashian shopping on the street. Plastic Jesus says the stunt was not meant to target the Kardashians specifically but the reality TV star obsession in general.
The 37-year-old model welcomed her daughter Cecilia Kathryn into the world on February 9. She and her husband Alex Mehran are currently enjoying a family vacation in a tropical destination.
Temperatures in South could reach 23C (73F) by Wednesday, forecasters say. Best temperatures at 2pm today were 16.2C (61.2F) at Achnagart, Scotland. Five flood alerts in place today - for Devon, Cornwall, Somerset, Bristol and Cumbria.
Aidan Turner, 31, set hearts aflutter when he stripped off to manfully mow a hay field with a scythe. But it prompted a scathing critique from a band of enthusiasts. They say his macho grunts and terrible technique tarnished the view of the usually'sedate' action of scything. Expert Exhaust scyther Chris Riley, 56, says in real life, Turner would have run out of breath long before completing the filed.
Marks & Spencer is stocking the Bouea macrophylla – or mango plum – after years of work with specialist growers in Thailand. The fruit has a bright orange edible skin, which is firmer than a plum. It has a sweet taste similar to an Alphonso mango but with a softer texture.
Liam Linford Oliver-Christie caught with drugs under floorboards in 2013. Officers uncovered haul and 'drugs paraphernalia' at his council flat. 29-year-old today admitted two counts of possessing class A drugs. His gold-medal winning father was the toast of British athletics for a decade.
Dozens of Purple Hearts and two Defense of Freedom Medals were awarded at Fort Hood, Texas to victims and family of the 2009 terrorist attack. Thirteen people were killed and 31 were injured in the 2009 attack carried out by Army psychiatrist who is now on military death row. Military officials had long denied the Purple Heart awards because they called the attack an act of workplace violence, not terrorism.
Virgin Australia will now offer complimentary food on all domestic flights. The airline will also offer free checked baggage on all flights. The food and beverage service has been tailored to the time of day and the duration of the journey.
Convicted murderer Nikko Jenkins, 28, tried to carve '666' into his forehead. But in a phenomenal case of idiocy, he used a mirror - so numbers came out backwards. symbol is described in the biblical book of Revelation as 'the sign of the beast', popularized by horror movie The Omen. It comes amid Jenkins' ongoing appeal that he is mentally unstable.
DJ, 53, denies seven counts of indecent assault and two of sexual touching without consent against six females between 1991 and 2014. One alleged victim says Fox repeatedly assaulted her at Capital Radio’s studios in Leicester Square. Two others say they were sexually touched against their will by him at Magic FM’s studios in Central London.
Ben Parsons, 34, of Brighton, got down on one knee after running 24 and a half miles. Anna Jefferson, 36, was watching him run in the Brighton marathon with their children Nancy, three, and Thomas, 11 months.
Ken Broskey, 69, of Livonia, Michigan, has been diagnosed with stage 4 cancer, and doctors have urged him to check into hospice care. Instead, he has taken a job as an Uber driver, hoping to make enough money in what time he has left to pay off his mortgage. Uber has donated $5,000 to the man, and is also donating $1 to a GoFundMe campaign set up for the man for every rider who enters UberKen into their app when requesting a car before Monday.
The humanoid, known as Ham, has been drawing in crowds with his range of facial expressions at an electronics event in Hong Kong. The head, designed by American robotics designer David Hanson, is able to answer basic questions. Ham is currently on exhibit at the Global Sources spring electronics show at AsiaWorld Expo.
Xavier Denamur sparked fury after he exposed France as a country of microwave cheats and compared it to being the culinary equivalent of a low-cost airline. He said almost three quarters of all dishes served in French bistros, brasseries and cafes are shipped in from a factory and microwaved. Last year France did not get a single entry in to the top ten of the World's 50 Best Restaurant Awards.
Mohammed Tahir, 53, of Leytonstone, east London, got off his train at Mile End. He followed a young woman onto a Central line service and stood as close to her as he could. He sidled up to the victim and pretended to slide his hand across her thigh. But he moved even closer and began rubbing his crotch and pot belly against her thigh and bottom. His behaviour was so obvious that it had attracted the attention of undercover police officers who were watching his every move.
Gilberto Valle talks about his 2012 arrest and the claims that allegedly plotted to kidnap, torture, and eat his wife and other women in the documentary Thought Crimes. Valle, often at his mother's house, is seen cooking in the film but he's only making bacon and eggs and he makes jokes about people feeling afraid when they see him with a fork. 'Nobody’s alarmed I have a fork in my hand with people around? Everybody’s good?' Valle asks at one point when sitting down to eat. Valle insists throughout the film that he never intended to actually hurt anyone. 'This
Craig Roberts, 36, was told he would have to leave his guide dog outside. He went to the Post Office in Chadderton, Manchester, to top up his electric meter. Mr Roberts was born with glaucoma which has left him blind in one eye. He now has only 30 per cent vision in one eye which means he can't work.
Emma Forbes, 49, made a profit on the sale of her previous flat, in Chelsea. She and her hedge fund boss husband Graham Clempson, 51, bought it for £18.5 million in 2007, before spending large sums on revamping it. Registry records show there is no mortgage on the couple’s new home.
Heartwarming scenes captured by professional photographer Denis Budkov, 35, during a trip to Kuril Lake in Kamchatka, in Russia. He sat and watched as the mother, who was already lying on the banks of the lake,- became a makeshift sofa for one of her playful cubs.
Less Than 100 sells ceramics, art, and textiles by female artists as a discount to female customers. All sales from the shop go back to the female artists who made them.
Violet Price, 80, had been missing from her home in Moustier village since last week. Her son was unable to reach her by phone after she attended dinner party. Police immediately started looking for the 80-year-old widow. A 32-year-old man has now been arrested and charged with murder.
The island, Por-Bajin, was found in the centre of a remote lake high in the mountains of southern Siberia. The fortress is located about 3,800km from Moscow near the Mongolian border. The name Por-Bajin translates as 'clay house' in the Tuvan language, and the island sits between the Sayan and Altai ranges.
Millie Marotta, 36, is giving colouring books an adult twist. Her sellout volume Animal Kingdom is filled with intricate designs. She took eight months to complete the illustrations in their entirety.
Biologist Karstein Erstad discovered the worms in the snow on Sunday. Reports of worm rainfall have been coming in since then. Mr Erstad said it is a'very rare phenomenon'
Jonathan Krueger, the photo editor at the school newspaper and a junior in the College of Communication and Information, was shot in the chest around 2 a.m. Friday while walking home. Police charged Justin Smith, 18, with the murder Friday afternoon, this after he fled when they tried to stop him earlier in the morning. Another man who was with Krueger told officers a minivan pulled up and confronted them. He claims the men grabbed his watch, and that he then threw his wallet and them and ran. He was not injured in the attack.
Freddie Gray died Sunday after he 'had his spine 80 per cent severed at his neck' following his arrest by three bicycle officers for a violation that's been kept'secret' until today. Official police documents filed Monday said that the man was arrested for having a switchblade knife after being stopped because he 'fled unprovoked after noticing police presence' Gray, who was screaming in pain as he was taken to a police van, then lapsed into a coma and was taken to a University of Maryland trauma center where he struggled to stay alive for seven days before his death. Police still have no answers about exactly
Robert Fidler built mock-Tudor castle in Salfords, Surrey, in 2002. 66-year-old used dozens of hay bales, blue tarpaulin and tyres to hide it. Unveiled it officially in 2006 when he thought he could exploit legal loophole. Reigate and Banstead Borough Council refused retrospective permission. Eric Pickles has now ruled house must be pulled down within 90 days.
Statues of British monarchs Queen Victoria and King George V were splashed with paint in the cities of Port Elizabeth and Durban. Vandals poured paint over Scottish-South African missionary Andrew Murray's statue in the Western Cape. A bronze rider marking the Anglo-Boer War from 1899 to 1902, was toppled from his horse.
Tina Fey was spotted for the first time since the suicide of Dr. Fredric Brandt on Friday. The writer, actress and producer was on a school run with her youngest daughter Penelope and husband Jeff Richmond. Dr. Brandt took his own life on April 5 and was said to be devastated over a caricature of him, Dr. Franff, on Fey's show Unbreakable Kimmy Schmidt. Fey has yet to publicly speak about Dr. Brandt's suicide.
Mohammed Dahbi ordered Kassie Thornton and her TV partner Christy Spitzer to stop kissing in the back of his cab. He warned that if they ignored his request during the trip on September 18, 2011, he would throw them out. When they got out, he called them 'b*****', 'c****' and 'whores' He also made him attend anti-discrimination training and pay a $5,000 civil penalty to the city.
TV shows True Blood and Twilight are said to be encouraging the surge. Such incidents are considered a form of demonic possession by the Vatican. In 2013, Pope Francis appeared to cast out a demon from a wheelchair-bound man.
Karen Gaynor was accused of causing criminal damage by pruning a tree. Her neighbour made a complaint as part of a long-running boundary dispute. Magistrates took just 15 minutes to find Ms Gaynor, 53, not guilty. Prosecution said her pruning of the tree 'went way beyond the lawful excuse'
Bullock called 911 after spotting a man in her home heading for the attic. The roughly 15-minute conversation with a 911 dispatcher was played in court on Thursday. Joshua Corbett is charged with stalking the actress and breaking into her home in June. A judge is currently deciding whether there is enough evidence for Corbett to stand trial.
ComRes poll reveals 54% want Sturgeon kept out of the next UK government. And 59% want the SNP as a whole to play no part in running the country. SNP leader has promised the rest of the UK the 'hand of friendship' David Cameron warns SNP-Labour deal would be a'match made in hell'
David Cameron will announce the move today as he pledges to commit £8billion to fund the health service. This is the figure named by NHS boss Simon Stevens as the amount needed to help plug a £30billion hole in the health service’s accounts over the next five years. The Prime Minister said last night he was ‘utterly committed’ to the health service.
Tom Ryan, 40, was making deliveries on Staten Island when he was hit. Onlookers used a shirt as a tourniquet in a desperate attempt to stop the bleeding. Mr Ryan, a married father-of-two, has lost one leg but is expected to live.
Punk fashion took to the runway at Mercedes Benz Fashion Week Australia on Tuesday. Phoenix Keating, Alice McCall, Zhivago and Khim Hangall embraced a raw, punk style on the catwalk.
Giggs brothers are reconciling after four-year feud over the affair. Ryan apologised to Rhodri, 38, for the eight-year affair he had with his wife. He spent £150,000 trying to silence Big Brother star Imogen Thomas.
SNP leader sparks outrage by refusing to rule out a second vote on independence. She has spent the day campaigning in a nursery in Loanhead, near Edinburgh. In September, 55 per cent voted in favour of staying in the UK. But the SNP has seen a surge in support since then.
Bookies are seeing a flood of cash on the Tories ahead of May 7 election. Twice as many bets on who will win the most seats have been placed on Tories. One bookie alone has taken five bets for more than £10,000 on Tories. Overall, betting market is pointing to another hung Parliament.
Patrick O'Melia, 39, was on patrol in DeLand, Florida, when he was flagged down by Justin Braddock's sister Kelly Boan. Mr O'Melia found 34-year-old Braddock slumped in the front seat of a car. He gave him CPR for seven minutes before an ambulance was called. Braddock was taken to hospital but ran away and was later caught by deputies.
Larung Gar Buddhist Academy is home to 40,000 monks and nuns, who travel to the settlement of Sertar to study Tibetan Buddhism. The wooden huts are built so closely together, they look like a red sea spreading up the hilly terrain. Nuns and monks are housed near to their colleges, separated by age and sex.
The handwritten notes of Samir al-Khlifawi were found in his home in Tal Rifaat, north of Aleppo in Syria, after his death. They detail how ISIS were able to take control in the area by infiltrating villages and using spies. Haji Bakr is widely considered to have been ISIS leader Abu Bakr al-Baghdadi's closest advisor and the overall head of his military council. Almost all of the highly secretive officials overseeing ISIS' day-to-day running are former members of Saddam Hussein's army.
The 223ft Explorer comes with its own helipad, infinity pool and plenty of space for supercar and jetski storage. Design by British yacht designer Tony Castro, who is based in The Hamble, Hampshire.
A 13-page checklist from the Gemini 4 mission in June 1965 is tipped to sell for a huge £80,000 ($120,000) by Bonhams in London. The document shows the various steps the astronauts had to go through when opening and closing the hatch to space. It was signed by Jim McDivitt who gave it to a friend after signing it. It's thought one of the astronauts cut their hand or finger on the hatch locking mechanism and their blood ended up on the checklist. Had the pair not been able to lock the hatch after themselves, they wouldn't have been able to re-enter Earth's
Andrei Lunev suffered serious head and lower extremities wounds. He was walking on a trip wire in Shyrokyne, near Mariupol in East Ukraine. Mr Lunev was taken to hospital where he later regained consciousness.
Steve Esmond and his wife, Dr Theresa Devine, and their two teenage sons fell seriously ill during their stay at the Sirenusa Condominium Resort on the island of St. John. The family were airlifted to separate hospitals in Philadelphia suffering major respiratory trauma. Sean, 16, and Ryan, 14, were in critical condition. The family attorney James Maron confirmed the two parents are recovering but their two sons are in critical condition.
Mary Day, 60, fraudulently claimed £16,500 of income support and disability allowance. Despite having £27,000 in savings, she went on trips to Goa up to a month. Day, of Swanage, Dorset, was overpaid benefits for more than four years. She pleaded guilty to five counts of dishonestly failing to notify DWP of change in circumstances affecting her ability to claim benefits. Judge sentenced her to three months in prison, but suspended sentence for 12 months as she pleaded guilty and had repaid money.
Police were called after teenagers started 'running riot' and women threw chairs at one and other during the fracas at Southport Holiday Park. Holidaymakers said two women were knocked out in the fight, which they said started in the main hall before spilling out to an outside area. A 26-year-old man from Huyton was arrested on suspicion of section 47 assault.
David Nellist, 38, of Keswick, Cumbria was caught on CCTV punching, kicking and throwing his dog across the room. A neighbour heard the young spaniel cross called Coco'screaming' Nellist was sentenced to two months in prison, suspended for 18 months, banned from keeping animals for five years.
The white-cheeked macaque was discovered in south east Tibet, China. It has a rounded penis rather than the 'arrow shaped' genitalia of other macaques. The animal also has pale whiskers on its chin and the side of its face. Scientists say the new species is threatened by illegal hunting and the construction of hydropower stations.
Bradley Manning, 27, was convicted of espionage in July 2013 for leaking a trove of classified documents to WikiLeaks. One month after being found guilty, Manning announced that he had always identified as female and planned to start living as a woman named Chelsea. In February this year, after suing the Defense Department, Manning was approved for hormone treatment, allowing the former Army private to make the transition into a woman while serving out her sentence. She was also permitted to have some amenities, including makeup and underwear, but is not allowed to grow her hair long.
Ed Miliband has overtaken David Cameron as the most popular political leader. Labour leader has jumped ahead of the Prime Minister in personal approval ratings. The Labour Party has also taken a commanding four point lead over the Tories.
Shadow business secretary Chuka Umunna said he was opposed to 'taxing for the sake of taxing'Remarks highlighted divisions in Labour's top ranks over the 50p rate. The rate was introduced for the last few weeks of Gordon Brown's government.
A survey by Skout revealed that grilled cheese lovers have more sex. Some 83% of those who eat the snack donate time, money or food to those in need.
Comedian Dave Hughes called radio broadcaster Derryn Hinch a 'w**ker' on national television on Monday night. The pair were on ABC's Q&A to discuss alcohol and depression. The episode came after a video surfaced of Prime Minister Tony Abbott skolling a beer in a Sydney pub on the weekend.
The Harewood Arms in Wakefield, West Yorkshire, has publicly revealed its support for the right-wing party. The pub is known for proudly flying the gay pride flag outside its premises. Landlord Matt Eason wrote on Facebook: 'We believe in a lot of the policies UKIP stands for regarding the pub industry' It has left regular customers stunned and provoked a 'Marmite' reaction of divided opinions.
Blanca Cousins, 15, fell to her death from multi-million pound flat in Hong Kong. Her father Nick Cousins, 57, and his partner Grace Garcia Cousins, 53, were arrested. The couple were held over alleged 'ill treatment' of their child. Blanca's birth, and that of her 14-year-old sister, were never registered. The couple were also being questioned by police over claims Mrs Cousins had overstayed her visa.
Activity in parts of Reynosa, a city across the Rio Grande. from McAllen, Texas, ground to a halt on Friday afternoon. Earlier in the day, federal police and marines captured 'El. Gafe,' a leader of the Gulf cartel. On Saturday, Mexican authorities confirmed the capture of Jose Tiburcio Hernandez Fuentes.
Jake Castner, from Ballarat in Victoria, went into hiding last week. A warrant was issued for his arrest in relation to a string of thefts. He boasted on Facebook: 'We don't talk to police!' The 19-year-old pleaded guilty to 33 offences in November last year.
Albert is a breed of Selkirk Rex, known for their wild, curly hair. Named after famous lookalike poodle Albert Einstein. Has racked up a remarkable 44.1k followers on Instagram.
Kelly Watson, 41, started having problems three years ago. It was never suggested she might have dementia as she was too young. But after tests and a brain scan, she was hit with early-onset dementia. Now she is terrified of forgetting her 17-year-old daughter, Holly. Kelly said the joys of watching her daughter grow up had 'all been stolen from me'
Training is 'heavily geared' towards young people, leaving older workers behind. Over-55s have same literacy and numeracy skills as those aged 16 to 24.
Kent Sprouse, 42, was put to death by lethal injection Thursday night in Texas. Sprouse acknowledged almost immediately after he was arrested more than a decade ago that he killed a police officer and another man outside a Dallas-area convenience store. A jury decided in 2004 that he should be put to death, and unsuccessful appeals since then have focused on whether Sprouse was mentally ill at the time of the slayings in 2002. He died 22 minutes after being injected and is now the fifth inmate to be executed this year in Texas.
The Shcherbakov family adopted the bear cub after it wandered up to their gate. The family matriarch feeds the bear porridge and milk from a refashioned beer bottle. The bear, nicknamed Mishutka, will soon become a massive beast. Wildlife experts caution against bringing an orphaned bear into the home.
The vision was captured at a known hoon hotspot in Yatala on the Gold Coast, where police were alerted after spotting a driver doing burnouts. Officers can be seen extinguishing the flames and administering first aid as they wait for paramedics to transport the injured victims to hospital. But rather than gratitude, some friends of the injured can later be heard threatening police. A 19-year-old was hospitalised with a broken neck, along with the driver, 20, and another 17-year-old passenger, both of whom suffered bruising and shock.
Anna Foord jetted around the world buying designer shoes and bags. Diamond fraudster convinced investors to buy low grade gems. 30-year-old even flew to New York to shop in Fifth Avenue boutiques. She was part of a gang of fraudsters who sold investors coloured diamonds. They were arrested and Foord was convicted of conspiracy to defraud and money laundering today.
Rye Silverman is the latest real life model to star in ModCloth's Fashion Truth campaign. The 32-year-old comedian came out as a transgender at the age of 27.
Lorraine Valentine, 42, has erythropoietic protoporphyria (EPP) which causes her skin to burn and become unbearable itchy when exposed to sunlight or UV light. Even a small dose of sun on her skin leaves her in pain. Even everyday tasks like picking her children up from school or going to the supermarket become extremely difficult. She was first diagnosed with EPP, a rare blood condition which attacks the liver, when she was nine.
The key for Easter indulgence is noting our 'energy in' and 'energy out' and balancing food and fitness. For four solid mini chocolate Easter eggs it would take 30 to 40 minutes of walking to work off the 550 kilojoules. A female of average weight would need to walk for the full 40 minutes, whereas an 80 kilogram male could burn it off in 30 minutes.
Ronald Reagan met Mikhail Gorbachev for the first time at a peace summit in 1985. He asked the Soviet leader for support in the event of an alien invasion. Reagan repeated the warning when he spoke to a group of students. His subsequent speeches were examined by his advisers to remove any mention of aliens in them. The warning was revealed in a book about UFOs by Dr David Clarke. He suggests Reagan, who was inspired by science fiction movies, saw there could have been a threat from aliens.
Gina Maria Schumacher, 17, was one of the participants in the NRHA European Futurity Horse Show in the Bavarian town of Kreuth. She was seen riding a number of different horses as she took part in the 'First Go-Round 2nd Section' yesterday afternoon. The horse show continues until Saturday evening, when Miss Schumacher is expected to take part in the grand final.
The Duchess of Cambridge is expected to give birth later this week. The new baby will spend its first few weeks at Anmer Hall in Norfolk. Sources say the nursery has been given a Beatrix Potter theme. Kate has ordered pots of pink paint from Annie Sloan.
Kieron Power's wife had been given a £110 ticket for stopping in same place. He went back to gather evidence of police cars parked at bus stop. Mr Power, 54, was pulled over and questioned under anti-terror laws.
Geraldine Schultz, 67, died when tornado hit her home in Fairdale, Illinois. Her husband Clem, 84, was also in the house when it collapsed under them. Image was found 35 miles away by Harvard resident Alyssa Murray. She posted it on Facebook and it was returned to the Schultz family.
Homes such as these in China are known as 'dingzihu' or 'nail houses' because they stick out and are difficult to remove. One house in Wenling, Zhejiang province, had a main road built around it when the owner refused to move.
Mary Kay Letourneau met Vili Fualaau when he was a sixth-grader and they went on to have a sexual relationship when he was 12. She fell pregnant with his child before she was arrested and they got married a year later when she was 43 and he was 22. They have two teenage daughters, who will join them for the interview.
This is according to marks found on the fossils of two adults and a child. Similar marks have been seen at other Neanderthal sites showing how our ancestors cut and fractured the bones of their dead relatives. Scientists studied the bones of three individuals found at the French site dating back some 57,600 years.
Alison Sharland, 47, agreed £10.35m divorce settlement with Charlie, 54. But his firm AppSense was later valued at more than £460m. Court of Appeal found Mr Sharland had deliberately hidden information. But he refused to overturn the settlement and will now take case to Supreme Court.
Cheryl Rios, who runs the company Go Ape Marketing, posted her views on her Facebook page on Sunday. 'With the hormones we have, there is no way [a woman] should be able to start a war,' she wrote. Rios said that she supports equal rights for men and women but thinks that, 'there’s an old biblical sound reasoning why a woman shouldn’t be president'
Audrey Pekin has detailed the alleged rape and attack she suffered while on a Christmas holiday to Bali with her family. The 19-year-old says Henry Alafu lured her to his remote home on Christmas Eve and brutally raped her on two separate occasions. She says she tried to escape from her alleged attacker by getting a cab back into the middle of Kuta, but he forced his way into the back of the car and again allegedly raped her. The Pekin family's torment was worsened by the fact the alleged predator was allowed to escape the country, and remains on-the-run.
Brianne Altice 'had sex with three students in her Davis High School English class in 2013 and 2014' One of her alleged victims has filed a lawsuit against the school district for failing to fire the 'flirtatious' teacher before they started a relationship. The second student has accused the district of being negligent for hiring Altice and failing to take action against her. Altice was ordered last month to stand trial on 14 felony charges, including rape, sodomy, sexual abuse and sex with a minor.
Theatre director Glen Walford embroiled in legal battle with council. Her mother Mary moved to a care home in 2006 and she wanted to retire there. But Worcestershire County Council said her home should not be taken into account when means testing was carried out on her mother's finances. They reversed their decision in 2013 and said Miss Walford would have to contribute towards her mother's care home bills. Miss Walford, 75, has spent two years fighting the council over the issue.
Lee Keeley grabbed woman and hit her head against a wall at Lincoln County Court. 38-year-old chased her round the courtroom and tore out clumps of her hair. Victim suffered cut to her right ear, bruising and swelling to the ear. Keeley was jailed for two years and given indefinite restraining order.
Google's tool works with all Android phones that have the latest Google app installed. To locate a lost phone, sign into a Google account on Chrome and type 'find my phone' into the search engine. A map appears as the first result with a message asking the user to sign in again to confirm their identity. The phone's location is then pinpointed and clicking a 'Ring' button beneath the map will then remotely call the handset.
Dawn Williamson, 39, from Scotland, was cured on ITV's This Morning. She broke down in tears when presented with a plastic snake. By the end of the show she was able to touch a real-life 9ft Burmese python.
Sulinh Lafontaine told a blogger that she was the only female stunt driver on the Fast & Furious 7 set. The 5-foot-5, 95-pound model-actress said she has been in the stunt industry 'for a while' Members of the stunt community called Lafontaine out on Twitter and Facebook, calling her a fraud and a liar.
Andrew Steele, 40, has pleaded not guilty by reason of mental disease in the shooting deaths of his wife, Ashlee Steele, 39, and her sister, Kacee Tollefsbol, 38. Taking the stand for the defense on Day 2 of the insanity phase of his trial Dr. Doug Tucker testified that a rambling note Steele wrote about suicide and sexual relations with his wife and sister-in-law is delusional. Tucker said that was the reason Steele killed the two and that he was 'unable to conform his conduct to the law'
The House In The Sea sits on the beach in Newquay and can only be reached by crossing a 90ft-high suspension bridge. The pad has a master suite bedroom, which is connected by a private staircase, and comes complete with a sprawling four poster bed. Although the island is secluded in the ocean, Padstow and Truro are nearby to offer fish and chips or Michelin star dining.
Roxy Walsh found the ring while snorkelling at Finns Beach Club in Bali. She shared a photo of the gold ring on Facebook in the hope of finding its owner. The ring has been engraved with the heartfelt message: ‘Darling Joe, Happy 70th Birthday 2009, Love Jenny’
Marie Surprenant, from Atlanta, Georgia, was admitted to Children’s Healthcare of Atlanta with more than 14 fractures, numerous bruises and a spinal cord injury. She was placed in foster care and later adopted by Michele Surprenant.
Isis leader Abu Bakr al-Baghdadi has been seriously injured in an air strike. An Iraqi source said he was wounded by an attack from the US-led coalition. He was travelling in a three-car convoy in March in Nineveh, Iraq. At first his chances of survival were deemed to be low, but he pulled through. He is slowly recovering but does not have the reins of the organisation. News follows contradictory accounts of al-Baghdadi being killed in air strikes in November and December.
Voters don't feel the need to know about politician's wives, poll finds. ComRes survey reveals 71 per cent say they have no need to know. Only 25 per cent say it is important to get to know leaders' domestic lives. Nick Clegg, Ed Miliband and David Cameron have all invited cameras into homes.
Buddhist monk Wu Yunqing was preserved at Lingquan Temple in Anyang City. His disciples placed his body in the lotus position and sealed it inside a large porcelain vase with cement.
Aiko Chihira is set to start work at the information desk of a department store. The female-looking robot, named Aiko Chihira, will only speak Japanese - but she is also capable of sign language. Toshiba describes the eerie android, which has blinking eyes and a fixed smile, as having the appearance of 'a friendly young woman'
Christopher Flowers, 84, was driving down Chili Avenue in Rochester on March 9. He dropped a lit cigarette into his shirt, causing several layers of clothing to burst into flames. Flowers immediately pulled over and tried to extract burning cigarette from top. But the windy conditions fanned the flames so much that they engulfed his torso. As flames surrounded his head, three Good Samaritans pulled over and tried to extinguish the blaze - at first using their hands, then by hurling the man into a snow bank. Flowers was rushed to hospital, where he was listed in guarded condition with severe burns to his torso and neck.
Jack Mascitelli stripped naked and ran through the streets of Byron Bay. The prank backfired when he accidentally ran'screaming and yelling' past a group of police officers. Police found him hiding in a nearby kebab shop. Mr Mascitelli was fined $500 for offensive behaviour.
Corry 'Corey' Campbell, 21, was the ringleader of a gang dubbed the 'tattoo terrorists' He was jailed for 20 years Thursday for the March/April assault on Greg Valecce, 53. Campbell believed Valecce had hurt his cat, Pebbles. Valecce was beaten, tied to a chair, and covered in offensive tattoos. He suffered three busted ribs, two broken wrists and fractured bones in his face. Another defendant, David Thomas, 28, is awaiting sentencing. Another defendant Jennifer Pratt, 40, is awaiting trial.
Jamie Pettingill was found guilty of stealing six mobile phones. The 26-year-old threatened to slice off a schoolboy's face. He was ordered to complete 350 hours of community service. Pettingill is the son of Trevor Pettingill, who was acquitted of shooting two police constables in Melbourne's infamous 1988 Walsh Street murders. The Pettingill family inspired the 2010 Australian film Animal Kingdom.
Ranette Afonso, 42, is set to marry Marko Conte, 30, in October. The couple met after he crashed into her parked car in August 2013. Ranette was married at the time, but had been growing apart from her first husband of 20 years.
Jessica Brown and her husband, Zakk Satterley, were stuck in traffic on the I-65 in Louisville, Kentucky, on Thursday. They were trying to make it to hospital to give birth to their son, Arley. Tonia Vetter, a high-risk nursery nurse, was sitting in her car listening to music, when she realized something was happening up ahead. She approached the car Jessica Brown was in, and her husband said she was in labor. Vetter introduced herself as a nurse and attended to Brown. 'I think she pushed one time and the head delivered, and then she
Most of England and Wales will enjoy sunshine over the next few days with temperatures hitting 24C today and 25C tomorrow. Forecast for today is actually warmer than the 18C (64F) average daytime temperature in August, and way ahead of the 11C (52F) normally expected in April.
Kyle Seitz, 37, of Ridgefield, received two years of conditional release, a sentence similar to probation, at the hearing in Danbury Superior Court. Authorities say Seitz forgot to take his 15-month-old son, Benjamin, to day care on the morning of July 7, 2014, and left him in the car for seven hours while he went to work. Benjamin died as a result of hyperthermia due to environmental exposure.
NASUWT union said indiscipline is a ‘significant problem’ Last year, staff at eight schools refused to teach pupils who threw chairs, brought fireworks in and threatened to slit other children’s throats. A deputy headteacher fell and fractured her arm while trying to restrain a six-year-old boy with autism.
New series Chaos Caught on Camera premieres on Science Channel Monday, April 13 at 10pm. It reveals the extraordinary footage taken by people in the middle of the drama, giving a unique perspective of real life or death situations. Each occurrence in the show is deconstructed with graphics, illustrations and an explanation of the facts.
Sybil Meister believes her daughter Koral Reef picked up the deadly and mysterious Balamuthia mandrillaris infection during a family trip to Lake Havasu in May 2013. Reef married her high school sweetheart that July and began to show worsening symptoms like headache, fatigue and stiff neck a couple of months later. Within weeks, half her body was paralyzed. Then she stopped responding to her family.
Dr Nadeem Azeez, 52, is thought to be in Pakistan but was yesterday charged with manslaughter by gross negligence. Fellow anaesthetist Dr Errol Cornish, 67, is also accused of corporate manslaughter. Frances Cappuccini, 30, died within hours of her second son's birth. She had intended to have elective caesarean at Tunbridge Wells Hospital. But she and husband Tom, 35, reluctantly abandoned their plans. Son Giacomo was eventually born by emergency caesarean - but Mrs Cappuccini suffered massive bleeding and died soon afterwards.
Dmitry Kaminskiy is a senior partner of Hong Kong-based firm, Deep Knowledge Ventures. He is hoping his million dollar gift will trigger a new group of'supercenternarians' He says stem cells, tissue rejuvenation and regenerative medicine will allow people to live beyond 120 - an age that has been quoted as the'real absolute limit to human lifespan' Kaminskiy is hopeful people will soon start living to 150 years of age with longevity science improving.
The federal government will be investing $4.1 million on a TV drama which is set to broadcast overseas. The telemovie will be shown in countries such as Syria, Iraq and Afghanistan later in the year, urging asylum seekers not to trust people smugglers. This comes as Prime Minister Tony Abbott stated that only the Coalition would be able to stop asylum seeker boats.
Incident occurred in the busy Fisherman's Wharf area of San Francisco. Cyclist yelled at the driver, banged on his window and pushed in his mirror. Driver Emerson Decarvalho, 38, stayed at the scene of the crash and was charged with assault with a deadly weapon.
Jesus Salas Aguayo was arrested on Friday in Villa Ahumada, Mexico. Known as 'The Liquidator', he is a former gun for hire and Juarez Cartel boss. Mexican authorities link over twenty deaths directly to The Liquidator.
Thierry Fremaux said 'ridiculous and grotesque' pictures slowed down event. He said: 'You never look as ugly as you do in a selfie' Stars who will have to watch their selfies include Cate Blanchett and Michael Fassbender. Ellen Degeneres set the standard for celebrity selfies at last year's Oscars.
Taxpayer money is being used to fund an ‘army’ of spin doctors. More than 3,400 press officers employed by local councils across UK. Communications employees working for local government is more than two times that working across 20 central government departments. London has at least 425 marketing staff and press officers working across its local authorities, four times more than the entire editorial staff at the Evening Standard.
Michelle O'Clee, 39, said bigamist husband's 'extraordinary lies' were like something from a John Grisham thriller. Andrew O'Clee, 36, secretly moved in with finance manager Philippa Campbell, who lived 40 miles away. He went on to marry her in a lavish wedding while Michelle was pregnant. Last week the ex-soldier was jailed for eight months after admitting bigamy.
Elizabeth Sedway, 51, from Granite Hill, California, suffers from multiple myeloma - a rare form of plasma cancer. Airline representative at Lihue Airport on Kauai asked her to leave the plane because she lacked a doctor's note clearing her to fly. Sedway and her husband and two sons were returning home to California from a vacation in Hawaii.
Richard Williams, 54, spent £50,000 turning a canal narrowboat into replica German Second World War submarine. His ex-wife Laurel Howarth, 28, was jailed for 20 months for her part in the five-year scam.
Maria Twomey, 42, of Watford, became a bikini competitor after losing weight. Swapped takeaways and fatty snacks for weight-lifting and intense workouts. Has left her job in nursing and has joined the ranks of professional fitness models.
The Go Pro camera becomes detached from the diver's helmet during a skydive in Everd, Sweden. It spins quickly to the ground for a minute and a half before crashing into a field.Remarkably, the camera remains intact despite falling from the great height.
The figure was paid by the Shrewsbury and Telford Hospital NHS Trust. It represents double the rate for a neurologist and was revealed following a Freedom of Information request. Trust has been criticised for wasting taxpayers' money.
Arman Nejad, 23, dragged teenager into his house in October 2009. She was walking to youth club when he called her over on false pretences. Once her friends had walked out of view he dragged her into the house and raped her. Three years later she went to police who mysteriously dropped the case. Three years later detectives arrested Nejad and charged him with rape. Today Greater Manchester Police admitted 'unacceptable delays and failures'
Karen Catherall, 45, was viciously beaten and strangled to death by Darren Jeffreys. She had been drinking in the pub with Jeffreys when he followed her home. He didn't call paramedics until the following morning, claiming he thought she was asleep. Police have now told her family that she tried to call 999 hours before her death. But call handlers failed to connect the call to the police or send help. Ms Catherall's family have slammed BT for not taking action at the time.
The 34-year-old mother-of-two appeared on Loose Women this afternoon. Said she was 'hounded on Twitter' after airing views on the ITV show. Now insists she was only referring to people larger than a size 20. 'Of course I don't think we should ban plus-size clothes from shops,' she said.
Craig and Jemma Edwards married their son Corey in Bristol Children's Hospital. The five-year-old is suffering from a terminal congenital heart defect. His parents had been engaged for three years but put on hold due to the birth of their two-year-old and six-month-old daughters. When they learned Corey may not live much longer, they decided to get married. The couple had to get permission from the Archbishop of Canterbury.
Walter the bat picked up his bizarre taste after sneaking a slurp out of his owner's cup of Tetley's tea. The 22-year-old grey-headed flying fox bat, from Sydney, drinks only purpose-made tea. Since Walter acquired the taste, all of the other 25 bats in his aviary have also began drinking the beverage. The bat has been grounded by the disease and spends his time lying around in hammocks, sipping on tea and eating snacks.
The photos were shot by Linden Gledhill from Staffordshire, who combines his love of photography with a PhD in biochemistry. The 51-year-old uses a modified microscope and a camera to capture the detail of the butterfly's wing pattern. Each scale is pigmented with melanins that give butterflies black and brown colouring, but eye-catching blues, greens, reds and iridescence are created by the microstructure of the scales.
Three snack tribes: Snack Amnesiacs, Situational Snackers and Super Snackers. Snack Amnesiacs are mindless munchers who subconsciously snack, opening something and eating far more than they intended. Situational Snackers are stressed out due to environmental or emotional pressures. Super Snackers recognise energy lows and tummy grumbles and plan ahead.
20 stone flakes and anvils were found just west of Lake Turkana in Kenya. They are thought to be 700,000 years older than any other stone tools. Discovery could change the view of human evolution as - if correct - the date of the stone tools is 700,000 years older than any others found previously. It means that ancient human ancestors were creating tools hundreds of thousands of years before the appearance of the first'man'
Shanna McCormick, 31, weighed 28st and was in and out of hospital. Doctors warned the strain of being fat would kill her if she didn't lose weight. She called off her engagement to her boyfriend of 14 years, Dan Dimmock. But she managed to lose 16.5st and dropped 18 dress sizes in two years. Now the pair are engaged and have bought a house together.
Kenneth Stancil III, 20, 'walked into Wayne County Community College in North Carolina on Monday morning and shot his former supervisor, Ron Lane' He was arrested more than 500 miles away in Florida early on Tuesday. He 'confessed to the killing in an obscenity-laced statement' during his first court appearance on Tuesday. Stancil had been a work-study student at the college, but he was dismissed from the program in March because of too many absences. Police are investigating whether the shooting was a hate crime.
Liana Barrientos, 39, of the Bronx, pleaded not guilty on Friday to two felony charges of filing a false instrument, involving marriage licences. Prosecutors said Barrientos married men from Egypt, Bangladesh, Turkey, Czechoslovakia, Pakistan, Mali and Georgia. At one time she was married to eight men simultaneously. She would spell her name differently on some marriage licenses and would file all over the state, in places including Westchester County, Mamaroneck, White Plains, Ramapo and Long Island. One of the men she wed was deported back to Pakistan for making threatening statements against the United States
Mother-of-two Gemma, 23, has two children under five by two different fathers. She handed both infants over to her 52-year-old mother Debbie when they were four months old. Now Debbie is threatening to ban Gemma from seeing the children at all. Claims her daughter stole an iPad from one of the children and sold it to fund her party lifestyle.
Labour's deputy leader Harriet Harman said grandparents would be allowed to take up to four unpaid weeks off per year to help with childcare. She said the policy, to be unveiled in Labour’s women’s manifesto, would require a change in the law and would help millions of working families. Research suggests 1.9 million grandparents have given up a job, reduced their hours, or taken time off work to look after their grandchildren.
The Duchess of Cambridge is due to give birth on the 25th April. Royal superfans have begun arriving at the Lindo Wing in London. Among them is Margaret Tyler, 71, who has been following the royals for 40 years. John Loughery, 60, was the only member of the public to attend every day of the inquest into Princess Diana's death in 2008.
Douglas Preston, the author of Trial By Jury, claims that Amanda Knox is suffering from post-traumatic stress disorder after eight years in prison. Preston says that Knox and her family have spent millions of dollars fighting her conviction. The Seattle native was exonerated by the Italian Supreme Court in late March for the 2007 murder of British student Meredith Kercher.
Lalit Verma is said to have launched assault on boy named only as Shiva. The items were discovered in the boy's bag at a school in Railamau village. The alleged beating was so severe the child complained of a stomach ache. By the time he got to hospital his condition deteriorated and he died. Verman has been charged with culpable homicide not amounting to murder.
Do you regularly 'detox' with a green tea or a wheatgrass juice? Or pack your diet full of flax seeds and acai berries. Recent food fads include charcoal, freekah, spiralizing and bone broth.
Tori tripped and fell onto a hot grill at Benihana's Japanese Restaurant in Encino, California, on Easter Sunday. Her doctor's determined she had a severe burn and suggested they remove the damaged skin and graft skin from another area of the body. 'She questioned if it was absolutely necessary but doctors said she risked severe infection and scarring if she didn't act right away,' says a source.
Justine Miliband said she fell in love with Ed after she was bitten by a Doberman. The 44-year-old said she thought he was 'good looking' and 'unattached' But the Labour leader failed to tell her he was secretly in a relationship. Worse still, he persisted in trying to bore his future wife with talk of economics. Mrs Miliband said: 'We just went down a conversational cul-de-sac'
Alexander Pacteau appeared in court charged with murdering Karen Buckley. 21-year-old also charged with attempting to defeat the ends of justice. Miss Buckley went missing after a night out at Sanctuary nightclub in Glasgow. Her body was later found by police at a farm six miles north of the city.
Jamie Oliver's company says vloggers should be more aware of adverts. Zoella, 25, and boyfriend Alfie Deyes, 21, have millions of followers. Oliver's company says it has a 'firm agreement' with YouTube about what can appear on Oliver's Food Tube channel.
Muslim Engagement and Development boasted they can act as 'kingmakers' Claimed they are in talks with both the Tories and Labour parties. Group wants to let British Muslims fight in Syria without fear of prosecution.
Georgia high school basketball coach Greg Scott, 51, died less than 24 hours after being diagnosed with leukemia. The father of two had taught special education and social studies at Cass High School for the past eight years. Initially, Scott and his family were told that his leukemia was treatable, but the reality turned out to be much bleaker.
Wanquan Castle in China's northern Hebei province was built in 1393. It was known as the Ming Dynasty's 'Martial City' because of its defences. The fortress measures two kilometres in circumference and was protected by a 12-metre wall. Archaeologists have begun a daunting project to restore it to its former glory.
Chelsea boy has enjoyed the best hotels around the world. But he also enjoys a stay at Travelodge. The singer says he prefers action holidays to lying on a beach.
Senator Robert Menendez has pleaded not guilty to eight bribery counts related to his friendship with donor Dr Salomon Melgen. The New Jersey Democrat is accused of using his position to help Melgen get at least three mistresses visas to the U.S. The women include Brazilian model Juliana Lopes Leite and Ukrainian model Svitlana Buchyk.
Victoria's Secret Angel Alessandra Ambrosio is recovering at Ronald Reagan UCLA Medical Center in Westwood, Los Angeles. A friend told Daily Mail Online she had been suffering what she described as 'constant headaches' Ambrosio, 34, was seen partying at Coachella festival in California on Sunday.
Na Chu had just returned from a trip to the zoo when her grandmother accidentally locked her in the house. The five-year-old panicked and ran to the window but fell between the protective metal slats of the residential property. Neighbours rushed to help after they spotted the little girl hanging in the air with her head trapped between the bars. Some used a piece of pipe to prop her up and prevent her from suffocating while others supported her feet before firemen eventually arrived.
Siyanda Ngwenya, known as Adams, allegedly raped female housemate. Pair were last seen on TV kissing and cuddling before cameras moved away. Ngwenya reportedly boasted to housemates the next day that he had sex.
Ashy Bines is the face of the popular fitness program Ashy Bines Bikini Body Challenge. She is being chased by the tax office over debts due almost 12 months ago. The debts, which were due last May, include income and tax, a fine and $295,955 worth of interest. The case will be heard in a Brisbane court next Friday.
Chris Greenwood and his family stayed at Camping La Chappelle in Argeles-sur-Mer. The campsite is on the south-west coast of France and is popular with families. It has swimming pools, a bakery and a kids club run by dedicated staff.
Aboriginal Model Management Australia has 40 models including Noreen Carr. Founder Kira-Lea Dargin hopes 10 of her girls will appear at next year's fashion week. The agency will be holding casting calls in Brisbane, Melbourne, Adelaide and Perth for both male and female models aged up to 60 years old. Dargin believes the high fashion market is slowly changing its perspective when it comes to indigenous models.
Viktoria's crestfallen reaction as she witnessed a sad scene from The Lion King for the first time was captured on camera by her father Barles Charkley. The tot then appears to brush away a tear as the emotional scene progresses, before gathering her blanket up around her shoulders in despair. Mr Charkley posted the brief video, which has so far garnered more than four million views, to his Facebook page.
The Western Lowland Gorillas were born at the Bronx Zoo on January 17 and 19. While keepers have yet to learn either of the babies' genders, they have been welcomed to the Congo Gorilla Forest exhibit.
Robert Downey Jr has helped raise more than £1million for a British hospice. Ironman actor promised to fly a winner and a friend to Los Angeles to join him on the red carpet for the world premiere of Avengers: Age of Ultron. Offer was up for grabs via $10 (£6.80) raffle tickets and raised money for children's hospice Julia's House. Dorset-based charity will now use the money to build a new hospice in Wiltshire.
Benjamin Carr, 22, ordered Justin Robertson, 36, to kill Pennie Davis, 47. Mrs Davis was stabbed 13 times while tending her horses in New Forest. Carr was caught after the killer accidentally left his keys beside her body. Robertson was paid £1,500 in counterfeit banknotes for the hit. Both men were jailed for life at Winchester Crown Court.
A woman died instantly on Wednesday after she drove her SUV around an active crossing gate and collided with an Amtrak train in Mississippi. The collision happened about 3pm on Norfolk Southern Railway tracks near downtown Meridian, according to Lauderdale County Coroner Clayton Cobler. Cobler said he was withholding the 57-year-old woman's name until all family members had been notified.
Daily Mirror published sensational pictures of the raiders 21 hours before Scotland Yard released them in a bid to appeal for information about identities of the thieves. The tabloid claims it handed the images to police, who were 'delighted', according to a report today in its sister title The Sunday Mirror. But yesterday detectives insisted they already had the footage, which they claim was recovered 'at the earliest opportunity'
Google is said to be in talks with Hutchison Whampoa, the owner of Three. Industry sources said the firms are discussing a 'wholesale access agreement' This would let Google users make calls and send texts in any country. Plans would only affect the small base of customers on Google's plan. Last week Three extended its Feel at Home scheme to Spain and New Zealand.
Fans at the Star Wars Celebration convention in Anaheim, California were able to view a preview of the first Star Wars spin-of entitled Rogue One. Set chronologically between the third and fourth movies in the 'Star Wars' saga, the film will follow a band of resistance fighters who unite to steal the Death Star plans. Felicity Jones, who recently garnered an Oscar nomination for her role in 'The Theory of Everything' is the only confirmed cast member for the film.
Wine experts created a guide to matching wine with snacks. Riesling is the perfect companion to a sausage roll. Chardonnay goes great with wasabi peas or pittas and hummus. Merlot is the best glass to compliment a box of chocolates.
Tom Richards, 25, was arrested yesterday morning in his home city of Swansea. He was held in a cell for 11 hours before being bailed by police. Comes after Danniella Westbrook, 41, accused him of violence online. She was seen last month with a black-eye and has accused him of harassment. Cage fighting fighter strenuously denies allegations and has not been charged.
The video was filmed on a hot day in Bali, Indonesia. It shows a monkey interact with a tour guide who squirts water at it. As the monkey continues to approach, the man throws the bottle over to it. The primate takes its time before attempting to quench its thirst.
Boy, 12, attacked in underpass in Newbury, Berkshire, on Easter Monday. He was doused in WD40 and threatened to set alight by two schoolboys. Police described the attack as 'unprovoked' and appealed for witnesses.
Luke Brett Moore opened a freedom saving account with St George Bank in 2010. The 27-year-old was able to overdraw $2.189 million over three years. He dipped into the account 48 times and spent the money on a number of expensive items. Moore's luxury haul included a Maserati, an Alfa Romeo, a power boat, a Michael Jackson autograph, a signed photograph of the Top Gear hosts and numerous paintings.
Johnny Manziel was spotted at a Texas Rangers game Tuesday night days after leaving rehab. He was joined by his girlfriend Colleen Crowley and sipped water throughout the night. This as offseason workouts with the Cleveland Browns will begin next Monday, April 20.
Paul Monk, 54, from Essex, was wanted by Spanish police for questioning over the kidnap and murder of Francis Brennan. Brennan, 25, from Liverpool, vanished in the resort of Javea in January last year after being kidnapped by men posing as police. His body was wrapped in an industrial-size bin bag with duct tape round it when it appeared on a beach in nearby Orihuela Costa. Monk was detained at a four-bedroom property in Javea near Alicante as he directed workers laying a marble patio around his swimming pool.
Felicity Waterford was waiting for her daughter to finish a concert at the Sydney Conservatorium of Music when she saw John Howard's car had a flat tyre. She asked if they needed her help before the former PM agreed to a selfie. It comes just weeks after Liberal MP Christopher Pyne was challenged to change a tyre on national television after boasting he was a 'fixer'
New York Governor Andrew Cuomo has become the first American governor to visit Cuba since the recent thaw in relations with the communist nation. He is heading a delegation of 18 academics and business leaders visiting the island in the wake of the December announcement that the US and Cuba would restore diplomatic relations. Today Cuomo met with Cuba's top officials for U.S. relations along with executives from Jetblue, MasterCard, Pfizer and other New York-based companies.
Filmmaker Michael Knig from Cologne, Germany has created an amazing video showing solar activity. It was made by stitching together footage from Nasa’s Solar Dynamics Observatory over five years. Highlights of the video include large, bright tendrils extending outward from the sun’s surface and crashing down again. Another incredible part of the video shows ‘coronal rain’ streaming down onto the sun from a loop of material above the sun’s surface.
Nigel Farage is touring the country to show how Britain can cope without Europe. He met Hungarian Ivan Loncsarevity at a hinge factory in Clacton, Essex. Mr Farage was quick to insist he did not want to send EU migrants home.
Ten former Atlanta public school educators were convicted earlier this month of racketeering in one of the largest U.S. test-cheating scandals. Fulton County Judge Jerry Baxter urged the defendants during the sentencing hearing on Monday to accept deals with the prosecution. He also threatened prison sentences for them if they fail to reach those deals. 'I've got a fair sentence in my mind and it involves going to jail for everybody. Either it's my way or a negotiated plea,' said Baxter.
The Queen's Guard lost his footing and slid sideways during the Changing of the Guard at Buckingham Palace. He lost his footing and slid sideways, knocking his bearskin on the side of the box and dropping his rifle. The embarrassed soldier quickly scrambled to his feet as his colleagues marched past as if nothing had happened.
Kevin Carr set off from Haytor on Dartmoor in July 2013 for the run. The 35-year-old has now covered an estimated 36,000,000 steps over 19 months. He is just 24 hours from returning to his starting point in Devon tomorrow. If he is successful, Mr Carr will beat the current record held by Tom Denniss.
The British Army fired 46 million bullets at the Taliban during the conflict. The MoD said 27 million 5.56mm rounds were fired from assault rifles. A further two million 9mm rounds were fired from handguns. A further 80,000, 105mm artillery shells were fired at Taliban positions. A further 55,000, 30mm rounds were fired from Apache gunships.
Militants are filmed using sledgehammers and AK-47 rifles to destroy walls and statues in Iraq's UNESCO World Heritage city of Hatra. They are also filmed chipping away at the bases of some of the larger wall sculptures and cracking boulders into ancient city pillars. The video cuts to jihadists speaking directly to the camera with one declaring they destroyed the site because it is 'worshipped instead of God'
US researchers examined effects of sweetened drinks on 19 women aged 18 to 40. Half group given sugary drinks at breakfast, lunch and dinner over 12 days. Other half had drinks made with artificial sweetener aspartame. Volunteers were instructed not to consume other sugary drinks, including fruit juice.
Environmental health called to The Sutton Arms, in Stockton, last year. 24 people suffered gastroenteritis after eating at the pub on Easter Sunday. Six of those who had food poisoning had Clostridium perfringens. Owner Alan Flegg, 68, pleaded guilty to nine food hygiene offences.
Travolta, 61, was promoting his new thriller The Forger on Good Morning America when he was asked about Going Clear. The documentary alleges church elders have a 'blackmail file' of 'damaging material' from Travolta's sessions with auditors. Travolta said: 'It's been a beautiful thing for me. I've saved lives with it and saved my own life several times'
Ellia Beasley, 22, from New Milton, Hampshire, has more than 20 tattoos. She had the line'scream your heart out' written across her belly in 2012. But she hated the fact she was associated with the band's lead singer. Ian Watkins, 37, was sent to prison for 35 years for a string of child sex offences.
Lord Janner, 86, escaped prosecution for a string of child abuse allegations. CPS said this week he is now unfit to stand trial due to Alzheimer's. But former Director of Public Prosecutions said new evidence was not passed to him. Lord Macdonald QC said lawyers in Leicestershire decided fresh evidence was not worth pursuing through the courts.
The Amsterdam Falafel Shop in Washington DC, US, has launched a pot-pairing menu. The menu matches five falafels to different strains of weed. Washington DC residents over 21 can possess, grow and smoke recreational marijuana.
Lane Bryant's new I'm No Angel ad campaign shows plus-size women looking sexy in the brand's lingerie. Writer Amanda Dobbins says the ads don't represent women of all sizes, but rather a subset of overweight women who still have 'correct' proportions.
Joel Parker, 33, was about to get off the Sunshine Bus in St Johns County on Wednesday when he asked the driver if he would like a Snickers bar. When the driver declined the offering, Parker threw the candy bar at his head instead, police said.
Sergeant Dan Urman's father Eitan Urman was so happy that as he embraced his son and lifted him off the ground, he slipped on the ice. As part of the planned surprise, Eitan and his wife Ronit, of Scottsdale, Arizona, had been invited to drop the puck before the Arizona Coyotes game against the Anaheim Ducks on Saturday. The National Hockey League organization said they had won the puck drop because they have been season ticket holders for nearly 20 years.
Clorox sparked outrage by tweeting 'where's the bleach' in reference to last week's introduction of new 'emoji' cartoons for iPhones that include several faces of people with black and brown skin. The company says it was attempting a humorous reference to other emoji symbols for objects like toilets and bathtubs that people use bleach to clean. But the corporate Twitter post hit a nerve when news reports and online discussions were focusing on the new collection of racially diverse faces. On Twitter, some users blasted the company for what they said was a 'racist' post.
These days you can ditch hotels and stay in a real house just about anywhere. The concept of a homestay holiday is that you stay at a reasonable cost in the home of your hosts. Web-based company Homestay.com lists options for single people, couples and families in cities, established holiday areas or farther afield.
Joanne Whitehouse, 44, applied for her daughter Alice to go to school. Alice's brothers all attend St John Fisher's RC Primary School in Middleton. Ms Whitehouse believed there would be 'no issue' with her daughter gaining a place. But she found out today that Alice will have to go to a different school. Her granddaughter Olivia, also four, also missed out on a place at the school.
Joseph T. Brennan Jr. of Norwell, Massachusetts was found with a home full of bomb-making materials. Police searched the home after an incident Saturday night where Brennan blew up his car while smoking a cigarette near gun powder. Brennan, 36, will be charged with possession of a destructive device, and one part possession of components capable of making a component device. Benjamin Young, 27, is facing charges for being in possession of illegal possession of bomb-making materials.
The film was shot in Salzburg, Austria, 50 years ago. Tourists flock to the city every year to visit the locations of the film. Cafe Tomaselli, the city's oldest, dates back to the 18th Century.
The Wrinkle Preventing Pillowcase comes with a lifetime guarantee. Made by Hammacher Schlemmer, in Canada, and contains no creams or chemicals. Cotton pillowcase apparently sucks moisture from the skin. Special blend of 'hydrophobic fibres' keeps complexion hydrated.
Jack Andraka is just 18, yet his newly-published memoir carries a blurb from Barack Obama. 'Jack's short life has been packed with incident, but there was little in his background to suggest that he would become a teenage celebrity'
Dias Costa, 49, slashed the face, arms, and necks of the raiders. Burglars fled the property in a getaway car while dripping with blood. The burglary took place late at night in the Cerro Norte neighbourhood of Cordoba.
From 1950s mod to Brit-pop in the 90s, Airbnb rentals cater for all tastes. From the earthy aesthetic of the Atomic Age to the bright hues of the 1990s. Scroll down to find the best rentals from each era.
Saturday Night Live portrayed a teenager testifying in court during the trial of Janet Johnson-Luna, 32, played by Cecily Strong. He tells the court the affair lasted five 'glorious weeks' and he instigated it to gain extra credit. The witness even fist bumps the judge before he steps down from the stand. He refers to the attack by his teacher as 'the best day of my life' Viewers have slammed the sketch, calling it 'gross' and 'not funny'
The U.S. ski champ has had two major knee surgeries in the last few years. Vonn appeared tense as Woods struggled to get back into form following some early flubs. Woods missed last year's Masters after back surgery.
Huw Thomas said England flags were for a'simpleton' or a 'casual racist' He made the comments on an online forum during the 2006 World Cup. Mr Thomas said he made the comments as 'a young student' and he no longer held those views.
Clinton is holding her first 'listening tour' at Kirkwood Community College in rural Monticello on Tuesday. Of the ten students interviewed in the school's public lounge, only two would speak kindly of Mrs. Clinton. 'She's going to push some emotional thing on us,' predicted student Hallie Corum in between classes. 'What else is she supposed to do?' 'She's going to be, like, talking s**t,' he said. 'I hope people don't vote for her just because she's a woman,' said Bri Parks, a speech and psychology
The incident took place in Princess Anne - a community of 3,260 in Somerset County, Maryland. Police told Daily Mail Online that no foul play was suspected in the deaths. Relatives identified the adult victim as Rodney Todd, 36, who they said had seven children, including five girls and two boys. Police Chief Scott Keller confirmed that seven of the eight victims were juveniles between the ages of six and 16.
Max is a 18.5in high fully-grown husky corgi cross. Has been at the Dogs Trust in Basildon, Essex, since he was found. Has become a favourite with workers and is looking for a new home.
State pensions would be increased by more than £60 a week and child benefit doubled. tuition fees would be scrapped and train fares cut by 10 per cent. Green Party also pledged to pump an extra £12billion a year into the NHS. But its election manifesto also revealed a host of left-field pledges. They include a 'complete ban' on cages for hens and rabbits and an end to whips in horse racing.
Jack Rowe was found face down in family's garden swimming pool. Three-year-old had been trying to reach a toy when he fell into water. Coroner ruled death as accidental after hearing how he 'never went near' pool. Calls for change in law to make fencing off swimming pools mandatory.
Lisa and James Tuttle moved to rural village of Geldeston in Norfolk in 2005. They thought their big house would be a peaceful and idyllic family home. But in 2014 their dogs Marley and Lily were shot after escaping on to neighbour's farmland where they were accused of killing his birds. Lisa reveals on Channel 5 show The Nightmare Neighbour Next Door how she had a long-running dispute with the farm owner.
Japanese airline All Nippon Airways is set to unveil its latest livery. The Boeing 787 Dreamliner has been decorated to look like R2-D2. The cockpit and front half of the white fuselage are painted with blue panels. The words 'Star Wars' adorns the body of the plane behind the wing.
Teasers for Newzoids show the Duke and Duchess of Cambridge worrying that their son has turned out a little, well, common. Youngster bounces on screen with a big, gold ‘G’ pendant around his neck. He addresses a female doctor with 'Oi, oi! Hello treacle. Is that a ladder in your tights or a stairway to heaven?'
Chris Roberts, a computer security researcher, was on his way to give a talk about computer security vulnerabilities at a major conference in San Francisco. He was told he couldn't fly on United Airlines Saturday, due to comments he'd made on Twitter. Roberts had jokingly suggested on Twitter he could get the oxygen masks on the plane to deploy. All of his computer equipment, including an iPad, a MacBook Pro, several hard drives and several USB memory sticks were confiscated.
Labour received £1.9m in the week to April 5, with 84 per cent from unions. It included a £1million cheque from Unite, entrenching Labour’s reliance on the union’s militant boss Len McCluskey. Conservative donations totalled just over £500,000 in the first week of the campaign.
The unidentified girl is thought to have been busted for underage drinking at Texas-based country music festival Chilifest. A video posted on social media site Vine shows the girl facing up to three officers who challenge her to a round of the beloved playground game. Seconds after she shows a clenched fist - or a 'rock' - to the three officers, one of whom chose'scissors' as his option, thereby claiming a victory.
Rodney Stover, 48, was arraigned on Thursday for rape, predatory sex assault and other charges for last Saturday's attack in the bathroom at the Turnmill Bar on East 27th Street. Stover allegedly grabbed the victim, a Long Island student, by the throat, forced her into a stall and attacked her before fleeing the bar. A bartender recognized Stover, who was staying Bellevue Homeless Shelter, from media reports when he was walking in the Gramercy Park area on Wednesday and called the police. NYPD released surveillance footage of Stover walking down the street, and a bartender saw him walking in Gram
David Crossley, 63, from Birmingham, developed two large stones. They were so large they could not be passed naturally, and he needed surgery. The main cause of kidney stones is dehydration.
Robert Gentile, 78, was arrested on Friday and charged with selling a firearm to an undercover FBI agent. His lawyer, Ryan McGuigan, said the arrest was a ruse to pressure his client to talk about the biggest art heist in U.S. history. Thieves stole 13 paintings from Boston's Isabella Stewart Gardner Museum in 1990 - including works by Rembrandt, Degas, and Vermeer.
Emma Walker, 15, became obsessed with losing weight after seeing celebrities in magazines. Within weeks her weight had plummeted to five-and-a-half stone. She was admitted to hospital twice and faced rigorous counselling. Today, the teenager is sharing her story to help others with eating disorder. She said: 'I'm 10 times stronger than I've ever been before'
The 22-year-old, Cao Yu, held off the man in a public square in Guizhou province in southwestern China. The man in his twenties stabbed her in the shoulder after she confronted him while on patrol. She continued to grapple with him as he wielded the 60 centimetre-long machete.
William Snyder, 34, has been charged with abuse of a corpse and evidence-tampering. The body of his wife, Kelley Jo Snyder, 34, was found in a river near to their home on Saturday. She was last seen alive on Easter Sunday when she told her family she was going to buy some sweet potatoes. Snyder is alleged to have sent a ransom note to a local restaurant, himself and an email to police demanding money for his wife's safe return.
Man entered branch of Lloyds bank in New Milton, Hampshire. He threatened cashiers and ordered them to hand over cash, police say. Man's face and hands were heavily swathed in bandages during robbery. Police say a 56-year-old man from New Milton has been arrested.
Nic Newling struggled through the highs and lows of an undiagnosed bipolar disorder between the ages of 13 and 18. His anxiety and depression progressed into a type of psychosis and he soon admitted himself into a psychiatric ward for almost nine months. By year eight, Nic had admitted himself into a psychiatric ward - a move that marked the beginning of years of confusions and various treatments. The 28-year-old is using his story of loss and confusion to raise awareness of mental illness.
Byron Schlenker, 47, and his daughter Emily, 14, both hold records. Byron's tongue is wider than an iPhone 6 and 7.2cm wider than a beer mat. Emily holds the record for the widest female tongue at 7.3cm.
Ashya King, five, was taken from hospital by his parents last August. They were found in Spain but released without charge. A Freedom of Information request revealed police spent £12,712.97 in overtime. A further £1406 was spent on accommodation, flights and travel and parking. Ashya's grandmother Patricia King said the money was 'disgusting'
Madalina Neagu, 42, arrived at hospital with severe pain in her abdomen. She told doctors she believed she was in labour and they prepared to deliver. But after carrying out tests, they discovered she wasn't pregnant at all. Instead, she was actually carrying an 11lb (5kg) tumour inside her uterus. Doctors removed the growth and say she will recover.
Gaioz Nigalidze, the current Georgian champion, was expelled from the Dubai Open Chess tournament when he was found using his phone in the middle of a match. The two-time national champion was exposed when his opponent lodged a complaint when he grew suspicious about his frequent trips to the lavatory. Tournament organisers found Nigalidze had stored a mobile phone in a cubicle, covered in toilet paper.
Gordon Jack, 47, was taken to hospital when emergency services were called. He was taken to hospital shortly before 5pm yesterday, but died this afternoon. Mr Jack, a father-of-three, collapsed while covering Andy Murray’s wedding. Murray was feet away when he lost his balance while taking pictures of the event.
Kejonuma Leisure Land, in Tohoku, Japan, closed its doors in 2000 following a drop in visitors. Urban explorer Florian Seidel, 38, visited the creepy location, which is reported to be jinxed by an ancient curse. According to folklore, the park was built next to the site of the 'pond of the ghost woman' and is said to be jinxed.
Skopelos is known as the film location for Mamma Mia! The island lies east of the mainland and has no airport. It has one of the most scenic ports in Greece.
Jim Ratcliffe is the founder and chairman of chemical company Ineos. The 62-year-old wants to build a £4million mansion on a site in the New Forest. The mansion will be virtually 'carbon-zero' and use renewable energy. Mr Ratcliffe bought the site in 2005 and has had several previous applications rejected.
Just four in 10 renters aged 20 to 45 are saving for a deposit to buy a home. Three-quarters of UK renters also fear they will never be able to afford to buy their own house. This rises to eight in 10 for Londoners, where house prices have risen by double-digits in recent years.
The Lowenbrau Keller in Sydney's The Rocks has been slammed for an advertising campaign they claim sexually objectifies women. The campaign features the slogan 'Wunderbra' underneath a photograph of a woman in a low-cut lederhosen holding a tray of beer steins. The same campaign also features an image of two women in a similar state of dress with the caption 'Make Mein A Dubbel', sparking outrage from Collective Shout.
Ryan Giroux, 41, is accused of shooting six people, killing one. He is reported to be a member of Hammerskin Nation, a racist skinhead group. He has pleaded not guilty to first-degree murder and 22 other charges.
Judge Dennis Porter cleared 46-year-old Officer Dante Servin in March 2012. He shot Rekia Boyd, 22, in the back of the head as she stood with friends. Moments before he announced the verdict the judge asked loved ones to leave. Boyd's brother screamed: 'You want me to be quiet? This m***** f***** killed my sister!'
Teresa Sheldon has appeared in court charged with murdering her son Tommy. The 38-year-old is also charged with the attempted murder of another child. Tommy died two weeks after suffering horrendous burns in the fireball. Two passers-by spotted the blazing hatchback and rushed to help.
Matheryn Naovaratpong, from Thailand, is thought to be the youngest person ever cryogenically preserved. The toddler was diagnosed with an aggressive form of brain cancer last April. She died on January 8th this year after her parents switched off her life support machine. By the time she passed away, she had lost 80 per cent of the left side of her brain - essentially paralysing the right side of her body.
Kaylie Milliken is the filmmaker behind Billion Dollar Bully, which focuses on Yelp's impact on small businesses. Milliken says she's interviewed several small businesses who believe they've been targeted by the company for refusing to advertise. She says her research so far has indicated Yelp's advertising structure appears to punish businesses that choose not to advertise on the site. Yelp has vigorously denied the claims in the documentary.
Delonte Martistee, 22, of Bainbridge, Georgia, and Ryan Calhoun, 23, of Mobile, Alabama, were charged with sexual battery last week. They are accused of raping an unconscious 19-year-old woman at the Spinnaker Beach Club in Panama City, Florida last month. The sheriff's department has released a video showing spring break revelers milling about on the beach not 10 feet from the alleged rape scene. Bay County Sheriff Frank McKeithen described the graphic video as the'most disgusting, sickening thing' he had ever seen likened the scene to 'wild animals preying on a carcass
The method involves participants placing their mouth over the opening of a cup, jar or shot glass and sucking in until the air vacuum causes their lips to swell up. Countless teens, both boys and girls, have been sharing the disturbing results of their experiments on Twitter and Instagram. Surprisingly, given the sheer number of teens attempting the feat, it appears the results are far from desirable.
Patties Foods says its testing has found no link between its Nanna's brand frozen mixed berries and a national hepatitis A outbreak. The health department continues to investigate how 34 people in six states contracted the hepatitis A virus. Patties Foods said no hepatitis A virus or E.coli were detected in any sample of its recalled and non-recalled Nanna's Mixed Berries 1kg product.
Dr Oz, 54, is the vice chairman and professor of surgery at Columbia's College of Physicians and Surgeons. The Harvard-educated doctor joined the faculty at Columbia in 1993. Dr Henry Miller of California's Stanford University led the effort and he was the first person to sign the letter.
The US State Department said the bombing in Ainkawa, near Kurdish regional capital Arbil, did not kill or wound any consular employees. An ISIS-spearheaded offensive overran large areas of Iraq last year, and forces from the Kurdistan region have battled the jihadists on multiple fronts in the north.
Riley Filmer, 14, has been prevented from attending her Melbourne high school because her shoes do not meet the strict uniform guidelines. The Year Eight student was prevented from attending her classes for the day, and has not been allowed back into the classroom since the incident. Her mother Anne Parker said her daughter needed a more practical and comfortable shoe to meet her needs. McClelland College's policy states that girls are to wear 'black leather lace-up school shoes (not fashion heels)' for both summer and winter uniforms.
Two-thirds of new UK fathers are now over 30. Men are able to produce sperm throughout their lives. Quality declines and this could have implications for the next generation.
Phynova Joint and Muscle Relief contains sigesbeckia. Traditionally used to treat aches and pains caused by arthritis. Dr Mike Dixon says he is a 'fan' of herbal medicines.
Moya Gerber and her sister Rone Odendaal were on holiday in the Kruger National Park, South Africa. They spotted a male and female lion trying to bring down a Cape Buffalo. After a few moments the buffalo managed to escape, but then ran into the side of Ms Odendaal's car.
Police are investigating the theft of about $70,000 worth of bull semen from a farm in southern Minnesota. A storage canister with vials of bull semen was taken from an unlocked barn. The canister was worth about $500, and the vials of semen were worth from $300 to $1,500 apiece. Frozen semen can live for many years, often outliving the bull it originally came from.
Mark Gentle shared a photo of his son Carter's scars on Facebook after he found his son crying over his physical appearance. Carter has had five open-heart surgeries since he was born.
An unnamed 30-year-old former Marlborough School student filed the lawsuit against Joseph Koetters, who taught English at the Hancock Park school. The lawsuit alleges that when Koetters was in his early-to-mid 30s he took part in a yearlong sexual relationship with a 16-year-old student. Koetters was arrested in February and charged with two counts of oral copulation of a person under 18 and two counts of sexual penetration by a foreign object.
Sam Holtz, a 12-year-old sixth grader from Lake Zurich, Illinois, beat out 11.5million entries to win the ESPN Tournament Challenge on Monday. This as he selected Duke to win the NCAA title game, which they did by overcoming the favorite Wisconsin badgers 68 - 63. Sam should now be eligible for the $30,000 grand prize of a $20,000 Best Buy gift card and an all-inclusive trip to Hawaii this November, but is too young.
Tesco is close to ditching the last Citation of the private jets used by its top executives after an accounting scandal. Britain’s biggest grocer operated a multimillion-pound fleet of five aircraft for its bosses. Tesco spent nearly £29 million flying executives to different parts of the world between 2005 and 2012.
Sam Smith begins filming with the tornado just a few hundred yards in front of him. He feels trapped, because he can't make out which direction it's moving in. Mr Smith was travelling from Minneapolis to Indiana on business last Thursday.
The Datai Hotel is located on the island of Langkawi in the Andaman Sea. The five-star resort was designed by Australian architect Kerry Hill. Hill limited the size of the main building to minimise its impact on the jungle.
Mark Carney was spotted jogging in London's Hyde Park on a day off. He was wearing a Nathan Speed 4 Fuel Belt and adidas Energy Boost ESM Shoes. The father-of-four will be running the London Marathon later this month.
Ayyan Ali, 21, was charged with money laundering offences. She was caught with over $500,000 in her carry-on bag at Islamabad airport. She was charged with attempting to illegally transport more than the legal $10,000 cash limit out of the country. Ali has been in jail since March 14 and has been denied bail.
Gaston Pinsard admitted nine charges of indecent assault over nine years. The 96-year-old first targeted his victims when they were just five-years-old. He was jailed for 18 months by a judge at Guernsey's Royal Court. The father-of-four is thought to be Britain's oldest serving prison.
Traitor Edward Snowden said he did not read all the top-secret documents he leaked. The 31-year-old revealed he only 'evaluated' files stolen from GCHQ and NSA. The former US spy also admitted there had been a 'f***-up' with the way in which some of the information about NSA and GCHQ had been released.
Access to GPs has become a major policy and political issue. The crisis in A&E has led some to blame a lack of available GP appointments. Weekend opening hours for GPs has been touted as one solution. It is thought many patients won’t need to take up other care services.
Michael Slager, 33, is being held in isolation at Charleston County Jail. His wife Jamie, who is eight-and-a-half months pregnant, and his mother Karen Sharpe were allowed to speak to him on Friday. He is housed in a room with one window and cannot walk down a hall without the entire cell block being cleared first, according to his lawyer. Jail staff member said: 'Everyone inside is talking about it. Of course people want to get at him'
Former Girls Aloud star Sarah Harding has joined Coronation Street. Denise Van Outen has also signed up to play Carin Smart in EastEnders. Bonnie Langford has also announced she's joining EastEnders.
Shadow Robot Company spent 18 years developing the robotic 'chef' hands. They are each governed by 24 motors, 26 micro-controllers and 129 sensors. They can chop, stir, whisk and baste well enough to recreate almost anything. Device will be sold from as early as 2017 as part of a purpose-built high-tech kitchen.
The program will be run in partnership with Specialisterne, a Danish nonprofit that helps train people with autism for careers in IT. The positions will be based at its Redmond campus in Washington.
Christopher Annan, 24, and Tyrone Wright, 20, took part in a gun attack on Tottenham Turks gang member Inan Eren. The 35-year-old victim, who survived, was ambushed as he arrived home on the evening of 30 December 2012, shot three times in the arm, stomach and buttock. The attack was led by hitman Jamie Marsh-Smith, 23, a hired gun who had earned the nickname ‘Freddy’ after the Nightmare on Elm Street killer. Marsh-Smith was jailed for 38 years in July last year for the attack on Mr Eren, the murder of crime boss Zafer Eren,
Mark Lippert, 42, suffered deep gashes to his cheek and hand in the attack. He required 80 stitches to the wound on his face and two-and-a-half hours of surgery. The brace was created by Seoul’s Severance Hospital and Lippert marveled at how quickly they had constructed it. 'It is an amazing apparatus, one I haven't seen before - so innovative and creative,' he wrote on Facebook.
Yulia Simonova, 52, wanted to hire a hitman to torture and murder Damian Vanya. The 15-year-old ended their relationship when he got together with a classmate. Simonova asked a friend to find someone willing to torture and kill Vanya. Police set up a sting operation, sending an undercover officer to pose as a hitman. Simonova told the officer: 'You must really beat him up because I want him to suffer from unbearable pain' The 52-year-old music teacher now faces 15 years behind bars for attempted murder.
Eugenie, 25, wore bowler hat, leather top and black and cream miniskirt. Carried Intermix tote and carried Rebecca Minkoff handbag.
London Mayor says SNP want to 'end Britain, to decapitate Britannia' Warns SNP will be 'an entity that they are sworn to destroy' Nicola Sturgeon launches SNP manifesto promising to 'lead the UK'
Lauren Halliday and Steven Smith feared they would have to get married in their jeans after they were evacuated from the Randolph Hotel on Friday. The ceremony went ahead at St Edmund Hall in the city. Eighty guests fled the fire at the 119-bedroom hotel, which featured in TV’s Inspector Morse.
Kit Harington appeared on Late Night with Seth Myers to promote Game of Thrones return to TV screens. Harington, who plays Jon Snow, said Belfast is 'wonderful for two or three days' Belfast is a principal filming location for the HBO programme.
Laura Scurr, 15, from Whitley Bay, developed anorexia two years ago. She would hide food down the side of her bed and eat 100 calories a day. She would also survive on just one piece of fruit a day. Her dramatic weight loss led to her being rushed to intensive care.
Four children were playing in and around a parked minivan in Las Vegas. One child started the fire and two managed to escape unharmed. The other two children became trapped and were found dead inside. Police say it appears the fire was accidental and no criminal charges are expected.
The van idled in a handicapped parking space from beginning to end in Council Bluffs, Iowa. Footage showed the presidential nominee emerging from a cafe, greeting onlookers and walking past the blue handicapped-parking sign to climb into the vehicle. Secret Service agents are technically federal law enforcement officers, so there was no chance of a parking ticket, even if Scooby had been left unattended.
Italian model Ambra Battilana, 22, told police the Hollywood producer groped her in his office on March 27. Manhattan District Attorney's office investigated the model's claim, but has decided not to prosecute Weinstein. Battilana refused to cooperate with authorities for four days after lodging the complaint against Weinstein. There are rumors Battilana made the groping allegation in a bid to try and land a part in one of Weinstein's films.
Sisonke Msimang, 41, moved to Australia with her husband and children in the last few months. As a journalist and activist, she has spent years writing about and commenting on human rights, race relations and government accountability in South Africa. Upon relocating she said she's been faced with the realisation, that much like her native South Africa, 'deepest and most abiding forms of racism' in Australia are directed toward our own indigenous population.
Nathan Dailo, from Sydney, demonstrates how he gets his son to sleep. In his YouTube video he runs tissue paper over his three-month-old son's face. By the 14th stroke baby Seth has completely drifted off.
Two 18-year-old men were arrested for allegedly planning an 'ISIS inspired' attack on an Anzac Day ceremony. They were 'associates' of Abdul Numan Haider, the 18-year-old who was shot dead after stabbing two officers outside a Melbourne police station in September. A number of 'edged weapons' - including knives and swords - were seized at some of the properties searched. Sevdet Besim, 18, from Hallam in Melbourne's south-east, was charged with 'conspiracy to commit acts done in preparation for, or planning, terrorist acts' He did not apply for bail and was remanded
Vladimir Putin gave the go-ahead for the deal, with the defence ministry saying it was ready to supply the S-300 missile equipment ‘promptly’ Moscow blocked deliveries of the surface to air missiles to Iran in 2010 after the United Nations imposed sanctions on Tehran over its nuclear programme.
It took Shepherd John Hendy and a team of three helpers to help mother Jean deliver the young lamb near Melton Mowbray, Leicestershire. Ben is twice the weight of all his brothers and sisters born before him, all weighing the average weight of 8-10lbs.
Brontosaurus was one of the largest dinosaurs to ever walk the Earth. But for more than a century scientists believed the dinosaur never existed. Researchers looked at 477 anatomical features across 81 ft individual dinosaurs. They found fossils that were originally labelled Brontosaurus appeared different from two Apatosaurus species. Most of the differences were in tiny anatomical features, but one distinctive trait was that Apatosaurus has a wider neck than Brontosaurus.
Malcolm Brabant, 59, spent two years in and out of mental institutions. Believes yellow fever vaccine could have dangerous side-effects. Has made a full recovery but wants manufacturers to investigate.
Dzhokhar Tsarnaev, 21, was convicted last week of planting. two homemade bombs at the crowded finish line of the world. famous marathon in 2013. The same jury that convicted Tsarnaev will hear testimony on. whether he should be sentenced to death or life in prison for. his crimes. 'Do not attend the Boston Marathon or any related events or. gatherings,' Judge George O'Toole told jurors in U.S. District Court in Boston, describing the sentencing phase as'sensitive' The famed race, which draws elite runners from around the world, takes place on the
Up to 30 per cent of men with advanced prostate cancer have tumours that have DNA defects and these respond well to the drug. Olaparib is the first cancer drug to target inherited genetic mutations. Trials found 16 out of 49 men with advanced prostate cancer responded to the drug. It stopped prostate cancer growth, generating lower tumour cell counts in the blood and improved responses in medical scans.
Game of Thrones is set to return with its much-anticipated fifth series next year. To celebrate, travel referral service Zicasso is offering a luxury tour of southern Spain. The tour kicks off in Madrid, Spain with days of sightseeing before heading further south. From there, guests will travel to the Andalusian capital, Seville, where the series was filmed.
Images show Labour leader Ed Miliband superimposed over rapper Plan B. He issued a direct message to the Prime Minister, saying: 'David, if you think this election is about leadership, then debate me one-on-one' Mr Miliband was accompanied in one photo by the caption 'debate me like one of your French girls'
Jordan Speith is in prime position to win The Masters, taking a four shot lead into the final round at Augusta. The 21-year-old has set a scoring record for 54 holes of 16 under par. He is playing alongside British contender Justin Rose in the final. Tiger Woods, Dustin Johnson and Phil Mickelson are still posing a threat.
Corporation's chief technology officer says BBC needs to be 'internet first' Matthew Postgate says the BBC will have to 'learn lessons' from the digital age. Corporation's catch-up services including BBC iPlayer are growing in popularity. But viewers are currently able to use online services without paying for them.
The Queen was spotted riding her beloved Fell pony Carltonlima Emma. The 88-year-old monarch has never worn a riding helmet. The horse-loving monarch also breeds several breeds of horse and pony.
Nicola Sturgeon left the door open to a second referendum on independence. In September, 55% of Scots backed the idea of remaining in the UK. But the First Minister now says'something significant' would have to change.
Hillary Clinton claimed on Wednesday that all of her grandparents 'came over' from other countries, but in fact only one was born outside the US. Buzzfeed found U.S. Census records and Selective Service documents that establish that three of the former secretary of state's grandparents were born in America. Clinton made the statment to underscore her support for changing the status of milions of illegal immigrants. 'We are turning down people who really want to work,' she said, 'and they are here to work'
Former Top Gear presenter was guest of honour at Chipping Norton charity gig. He joked about 'trawling the job centre' for a hosting job at the event. It was his first public appearance since he was sacked from the BBC.
Pierre Fulton was in the passenger seat when Officer Michael Slager pulled them over for a broken tail light. Fulton and another officer stood by the Mercedes watching in shock as Slager chased him into a park and shot him dead. Fulton's attorney has released a statement saying he does not know why Scott ran.
Hodor, a character in Game of Thrones, only speaks a single word: 'Hodor' He may have expressive aphasia, according to Jordan Lewis, of Penn State Medical School. Most common cause of expressive aphasia is stroke, which occurs when a blood clot blocks a vessel in the brain.
Edward Snowden may have been told not to speak out on Russian surveillance but continue attacking America in order to save himself from jail in the US, Andrei Soldatov said. He accused the former US spy of not being ‘transparent’ and said he was being ‘secretive’ about his arrangements with the Russian authorities.
The caves are found near the Mutnovsky volcano, 45 miles (72km) south of the regional capital of Petropavlovsk-Kamchatsky. Denis Budkov, 35, trekked inside the dangerous caves - which could collapse at any moment - to capture the colourful scenes. The ice cave's unique formations are created by the heavy winter snow becoming compressed and forming ice.
Never-before-seen images show Captain Scott's doomed expedition team heading off on their ill-fated trek to the South Pole. 52 celluloid negatives show the team heading off in the snow-covered wilderness during the ill-fated Terra Nova Expedition of 1912. Some of the pictures show the herd of ponies the team used to haul the equipment-laden sledges.
Baby-faced boy has amassed more than 3,000 followers on Twitter. Tweets include phrases such as 'I need a bad b****', 'f*** da police', and 'gang sh** n****' Critics have called his stunts'sad', 'disappointing' and'sad' The boy hit back saying the backlash is'stressing out' his mother.
Ellie Grant, 22, was appearing on ITV's This Morning to discuss condition. She and fiance Jordan, who is deaf, hit headlines earlier this year after being labelled the perfect match because whenever she becomes rowdy, he switches off his hearing aid. But she suddenly suffered a verbal tic - and blurted out'silver fox' at Phillip, 53. Silver fox is the nickname of the father-of-two, who smiled, but looked bemused and slightly embarrassed at the remark.
Kylie Jenner, 17, is the youngest member of the Kardashian-Jenner clan. She has been one of the biggest tween stars - with a ticket to every A-List event in town. Star is regularly photographed out and about in clothes that are instantly emulated by her legions of teen fans.
Bezos, who is worth $34.7billion from his online marketplace, blended in with the throngs of tourists at the Campo de' Fiori on Tuesday. The 51-year-old was accompanied by family members and a discreet security guard.
The trip to Durminskoye Reserve in Khabarovsk lasts seven days in total. Guests spend time in the wild environs inhabited by the last remaining Siberian tigers. They will spend time with Alexander Batalov, a frontline Russian conservationist.
Raymond Lee Fryberg Jr. was arraigned in Seattle on Thursday, nearly six months after his son Jaylen killed four students at Marysville Pilchuck High School then himself. Fryberg had been the subject of a permanent domestic violence protection order that prohibited him from ever having firearms. The order was against him in Tulalip Tribal Court in 2002 by a girlfriend who said he had threatened her, slapped her and pulled her hair. But the order was never entered into any criminal databases because of a flawed reporting system between tribes and outside authorities.
Jesse Norman photographed with trays of baked goods at Asda. Police are investigating claims he tried to 'bribe' voters with chocolate cake. West Mercia Police say they are investigating reports of a breach of the Representation of the People Act 1983.
Students at Wellington College, Berkshire, spent a year studying a different classic. The mistake only came to light when mock papers arrived and no exam questions related to the taught text. Now pupils will have to cram their studying into just a few weeks.
The group, Lesbians4Hillary, launched on Monday to support the former First Lady's bid to become the nation's first female president. Lesbians4Hillary, co-chaired by tennis great Billie Jean King, said: 'Hillary Clinton is a proven leader and she has a strong track record when it comes to inclusion' King, who was outed as a lesbian in 1981, was a leader of the group 'Women for Hillary' in 2008, as well.
Two prototypes of the CYG-11 seaplane were tested off the coast of Haikou in Hainan Province in China. The aircraft is believed to be a joint project between Russia and China to build new types of super-efficient seaplane. The aircraft takes advantage of an aerodynamic phenomenon known as the wing-in-ground effect - where lift is increased and drag decreased when an aircraft's wings are close to the ground.
Trevor Noah was photographed with Jerry Seinfeld, Larry David and broadway star Matthew Broadrick at Citi Field on Monday. The quartet were all present to watch the game between the New York Mets and the Philadelphia Phillies. Earlier Noah and Seinfeld had been photographed filming a segment for Seinfeld's acclaimed Comedians in Cars Getting Coffee online series.
Sean Heslop has been suspended as executive principal of two academy schools. 47-year-old has been questioned by detectives over allegations of abuse of trust. It is claimed he started relationship with former pupil who is now pregnant. Woman, now 18, said to be'mummy-to-be' and has boasted online to friends. Family member says he is 'happiest he's ever been' because he will be a father.
The Justice Department said Tuesday it has opened a civil rights investigation into the death of Freddie Gray. Baltimore police officials, meanwhile, released the names of six officers who were involved in the arrest and the van transport of the 25-year-old. The protesters rallied site of Gray's arrest and then marched to a police department a couple of blocks away, chanting and holding signs that read: 'Black Lives Matter' and 'No Justice, No Peace'
Asif Malik, 31, his partner Sara Kiran, 29, and their four children reported missing. They were last seen in Slough, Berkshire, on Tuesday, April 7. CCTV footage shows family on Dover to Calais ferry on Wednesday, April 8. Believed to have travelled south through Europe before making their way to Turkey. But radical preacher Anjem Choudary said Malik was a member of banned group Al-Muhajiroun.
Cheryl Heineman, 45, charged with multiple counts of sale and delivery of narcotics. She was arrested outside Central Avenue Elementary School in Kissimmee, Florida, where she's worked since 2005. Her suspected accomplice and lover, 20-year-old Jack Lindsey, is facing the same charges.
Lenny Mordarski, 68, was viciously poked with the blue ballpoint before take off on the Southwest Airlines flight from Chicago to Manchester, New Hampshire. He said: 'Imagine being asleep and then being stung by bees, and then waking up and going owww' The woman, dubbed 'Psycho Pen Lady' by another fellow passenger, was removed from the flight.
Niamh Geaney, 26, and Karen Branigan, 29, discovered they looked so alike that they could be identical twins. Not the only unrelated twosome to boast real life doppelgngers - and the celebrity world is no exception. Among the more unlikely pairings is Hunger Games star Josh Hutcherson, 22, who stunned film fans when he stepped out at a premire in Spain this week.
The former President says he plans to stay out of the limelight if and when his wife decides to run for the White House. The 68-year-old revealed that he believes he has lost his natural flair for political campaigning. He added that becoming a grandfather to daughter Chelsea's six-month-old daughter Charlotte has tamed the angry side of his personality.
The 208ft (63 metre) tall Falcon 9 rocket thundered off its seaside launch pad at Cape Canaveral Air Force Station at 4:10 p.m. Billionaire founder, Elon Musk, tweeted: 'Ascent successful. Dragon enroute to Space Station. Rocket landed on droneship, but too hard for survival'
Officials at Horace Mitchell Primary School in Kittery Point, Maine, have come under fire for teaching students about transgender issues. During a lesson on tolerance and acceptance, children were read I Am Jazz, a book about a child 'with a boy's body and a girl's brain' Some parents are unhappy with the school after they say their children came home with questions about gender and wondering if they too might be trans.
The female activists were arrested the weekend before International Women's Day. They were preparing to hand out leaflets about sexual harassment. The five women have been linked to several stunts over the last few years. They aim to highlight issues such as domestic violence and the poor provision of women's toilets in China.
Gaddafi's Bab al-Aziziya compound in the Libyan capital of Tripoli has lain in ruins since 2011 revolution. Palace had been hit in a 1986 US air strike before being pounded by NATO forces four years ago. Plans to turn the site into a national park have never materialised.
Three studies have provided different theories for what happened after Earth was struck by a Mars-sized object called Theia, 4.45 billion years ago. What is agreed on, though, is that the impact actually happened. This is known as the giant impact hypothesis. In one theory, the impact created a huge cloud of debris that mixed thoroughly with the Earth and then later condensed to form the moon. But another suggests Earth and the moon were showered by debris.
George Osborne refused to rule out further cuts to child benefit. The Chancellor appeared to leave the door open when asked if he would be ‘depriving more families’ of the payments which are worth more than £1,000 per year. More than a million households lost out when the Coalition announced that families with one parent earning £50,000 would pay tax on child benefit.
Lizzie Cochran, a pre-med student at Columbia University, came up with the idea for Epidemia Designs after studying biology under a microscope. The line will feature microscopic images of diseases and other biological structures printed on athletic apparel and accessories.
At least six men were arrested in Minneapolis and San Diego on Sunday. US Attorney's Office says arrests are not a threat to public safety. Three of the men were already known to authorities, according to reports.
US ambassador to Poland forced to apologise for FBI chief's comments. James Comey said Poland played role in Nazi Germany's Holocaust genocide. Poland's president Bronislaw Komorowski said comments were 'insult' US Ambassador Stephen Mull met with Polish deputy foreign affairs minister. Mull said he had 'a lot of work' to do to rectify the situation.
JNCO, the brand responsible for the huge wide 'legrave' jeans, is set to make a comeback. The return of the impractical jeans has horrified many of the people who wore the ridiculous pants the first time around. Femail rounds up the worst offenders...
Publication of Sir John Chilcot's inquiry had already been pushed back. Now it is unlikely to be published until next year at the earliest, it has emerged. Bereaved parents say they are now expecting a whitewash when report is published.
Threat against flight 826 from Cologne Bonn to Milan's Malpensa airport. Tower in Cologne immediately alerted the pilot of the Airbus A320. Threat was emailed to the airport 15 minutes before scheduled departure. Pilot steered the plane to a different part of the airport where passengers were evacuated.
Clip resembles scenes from a Hollywood disaster movie, with cars turning around in the road and turning back in a desperate bid to escape. Wildfires in Siberia have been raging since March 19, with the death toll this week climbing to 30.
Kenneth Morgan Stancil III, 20, managed to hitch a ride from a woman to Florida after his motorbike broke down, police said on Wednesday. Among his self-administered tattoos are the word 'brotherhood' on his neck and the number '88' on his left cheek which is linked to neo-Nazis. The driver was headed to Key West, Florida, but dropped Stancil off in Daytona Beach, where he was found sleeping on the beach on Tuesday morning. Stancil is awaiting extradition back to North Carolina, where he is accused of fatally shooting 44-year-old Ron Lane, a print shop director
The six, who have been described as friends who met secretly to plan their travels, are accused of conspiracy to provide material support and attempting to provide material support to a foreign terrorist organization. The men planned to reach Syria by flying to nearby countries from Minneapolis, San Diego or New York City, and lied to federal investigators when they were stopped.
Lorna McCarthy, 50, was stabbed through the heart by her husband. Barry McCarthy, 51, found out his wife was using dating websites. But she did not want to try to save the relationship, court heard. McCarthy pleaded not guilty to murder on grounds of diminished responsibility. But a jury today found him guilty of murder following an eight-day trial.
Sophie Ryan-Palmer, 12, Fabian Bates, nine, and Chloe Balloqui, three, are patients at Great Ormond Street Hospital, London. They are the first children in the world to go through a pioneering treatment called immunotherapy. Immunotherapy involves drugs being given to kill off all a patient’s cancer cells and destroy their bone marrow.
Douglas Mark Hughes, 61, created a security scare when he violated national airspace and has prompted a full-scale security review in Washington. Hughes, a US Postal Service mail carrier,. described his flight upon arriving home in Ruskin, Florida,. early on Sunday. He flew through restricted airspace carrying 535 letters and landed on the west lawn of the Capitol.
Four tourists caught a two metre shark off the coast of New Zealand. They dragged the shark into the water and then posed for photos with it. 'Big game fishing' has become a popular sport in New Zealand. In October 2014 New Zealand banned the practice of shark finning.
Alix Bussey, 23, was hit by a car and died on holiday in Riviera Maya, Mexico. She had been on holiday with boyfriend Jonathan Boyle, also 23, for first time. Hours earlier she texted her sister to say she was having 'best time ever' Her parents said she was devoted to the welfare of the children she taught.
Coleen, 28, and Nadine, 29, have joined forces with Cancer Research. The ladies have also lent their faces to the ad campaign for the drive. The event raises money that goes towards research into over 200 types of cancer.
U.S. Rep. Alan Grayson and his wife Lolita have agreed to annul their 24-year marriage as they continued talks on a settlement. The agreement was announced on Tuesday by a judge in an Orlando, Florida courtroom at the start of a hearing that had been scheduled to determine whether their marriage should be voided. Lolita Grayson had claimed in court papers that she was divorced from her first husband when she married the congressman in 1990.
More than 25million live in constituencies where the result can already be predicted. 650 seats up for grabs on May 7, with Labour and the Tories needing more than half to secure a majority. Electoral Reform Society claims the result in 364 seats can be called now, based on current polls and how ‘safe’ they were in 2010.
Prevention of Terrorism Act passed in Kuala Lumpur after 15 hours of debate. It enables authorities to detain suspected terrorists for two years without trial. But it also allows for unlimited extensions after those two years expire. Bill effectively reintroduces prospect of indefinite detention without trial. It was originally repealed by Prime Minister Najib Razak in 2012.
Roaming means using your device abroad, which can result in large bills. The best option is to be with mobile operator Three. Its customers can call and text UK numbers at no extra cost. Three's Feel at Home covers 18 destinations in Europe, Australia, the United States, Asia and the Middle East.
UK workforce is at another record high with 31million people in work. Figure is up from 29million in spring 2010, before Tories and Lib Dems went into coalition. Jobless total fell by 76,000 to 1.84 million in the quarter to February. David Cameron warns recovery would be 'put at risk' by Labour-SNP'stitch-up'
The Royal Mint will mark the birth of the new prince or princess in the same way it commemorated the arrival of Prince George in 2013. The silver coin will be minted with the one penny's Royal Shield design and the new effigy of the Queen, unveiled in March. It will be presented in a special white box, which will be tied with a purple ribbon and feature the image of a silver carousel horse. The births of babies born on the same day as the new prince or princess can be registered on Facebook.com/theroyalmint.
Rebel fighter Ahmed Shaheed has posted a picture of a tiger cub on social media. The 28-year-old from Sydney has been fighting in Syria for over a year. The tiger will remain with its mother until it is old enough to become Shaheed's pet. Shaheed is not the first fighter to purchase a pet tiger, Chechen fighter Abdul Karim Krymsky was pictured holding a young tiger last month.
Sam Pearce, 24, was discovered on the F train in New York City and now juggles his career as an eighth-grade English teacher with a side job modelling for top designers.
Handwriting input works with both printed and cursive writing input. Android handsets can understand handwriting in 82 languages in 20 distinct scripts. It also allows users to simply draw emoji they want to send. Google also today launched a new feature allowing users who have lost their phone to simply Google it.
A 22-year-old Marrickville man was arrested in possession of 441 MDMA tablets. A 23-year-old Peakhurst man was also taken into custody after he was allegedly located with 124 MDMA tablets and a wad of cash. A 25-year-old Allambie Heights man was similarly charged after he was allegedly found with over $2500 cash on his person. A further 16 people were charged with possession of MDMA tablets and three others were issued Criminal Infringement Notices. More than 6000 people attended the all-night rave which ran from 10pm Saturday until 6am Sunday.
Arthur and Mo Kreitenberg have created a robot, called the Germfalcon. It uses ultra violet light to kill bacteria throughout the cabin. Germs such as E.coli and MRSA can linger for up to a week on an aircraft. There are no clear rules on how often aeroplanes should be cleaned.
Lord Janner signed a letter saying he wanted to remain a peer just a week before he was ruled unfit to face child sex charges. The former Labour MP, 86, claimed more than £100,000 in parliamentary expenses and allowances in the four years after he was diagnosed with dementia in 2009. He has not attended the Lords since detectives raided his North London home in December 2013.
MailOnline Travel spoke to a number of experts to debunk some of the myths that exist and answer some of travellers’ frequently asked questions about planes. Once a pilot initiates the sequence to start a modern plane, the remaining steps are done automatically. If meals are provided by the airline, pilots do not eat the same reheated chicken or pasta dishes that are served to passengers in economy.
Molalla Log House was made a historic landmark in 1991 and moved to a storage facility in 2008 to protect it from further erosion. Experts Gregg Olson and Pam Hayden have been analyzing the log cabin for seven years and say it is unlike anything else found in Oregon. The construction of the log cabin is unlike pioneer building methods at the time - suggesting it was created by foreigners. Olson and Hayden hypothesize that the 18-foot-wide cabin could have been a home for a small group of 10 to 50 Russian settlers.
Former Marine Jesse Kidder was chasing Michael Wilcox, who allegedly gunned down is fiance and best friend. The 27-year-old accused killer then started sprinting towards Kidder, asking him to shoot. At one point Wilcox said: 'Shoot me or I'll shoot you', but the Purple Heart winner refuses and says: 'I don't want to' The footage shows Kidder's gun aiming at Wilcox throughout the encounter.
We're always hearing about the latest'superfoods' - and how they could have a powerful effect on our health and wellbeing. And while the term'superfood' might be thrown around a little too freely sometimes, there are some fruits and seeds that really are a power-house of value. Here, Dr Sally Norton reveals which ones are worth adding to your shopping basket today.
Almost all GPs do not think their own practice should open on weekends. Nearly two-thirds are not willing to consider forming groups with other surgeries. Government has tried to encourage GPs to offer out-of-hours appointments.
Internals reveal Samsung used more of its own chips to power the new Galaxy S6 than it did for the predecessor S5. Samsung is not only using its own Exynos mobile processor, as had been widely reported, but also decided to rely on its in-house semiconductor business.
Secret drawings and letters belonged to the co-pilot of Enola Gay bomber. Captain Robert Lewis wrote a letter following the bombing in which he recounts: 'My God, what have we done? How many did we kill?' Also for sale are Lewis's two log books from the war noting flightplans, duration, type of plane, engines, and horsepower.
Sharon Winters was looking for her soulmate when she met Kevin Hawke. But less than two weeks later she was dead after he stabbed her. Now her brother is warning other women to be careful when online dating. Stephen Robinson, 44, is trying to raise awareness of the dangers.
Hernandez is now equipped with green prison scrubs and his tattoos are being examined for gang affiliations. Sources said the brute, found guilty of murdering Odin Lloyd, was using the dangerous drug for at least a year before the victim was shot dead. Hernandez is being held separately from other prisoners and is on suicide watch. He is now equipped with green prison scrubs and his tattoos are being examined for gang affiliations.
Hospital outpatient building in Zhengzhou, central China, was under threat of demolition to make way for a new road. But hospital bosses decided to save time and money and employed a team of engineers to put 'wheels' on the building. Now, the two-storey hospital outpatient building is being slowly pushed just a few metres a day on the giant cylinder-shaped rollers. The engineers aim to 'push' the entire structure south by 17.5 metres to its new, designated spot, away from the demolition zone.
Nicholas Dematteis, 39, flew into the rage while at Bocca East during brunch on Saturday afternoon. He demanded a free meal around 4pm after waiting an hour and a half for his omelette. Dematteis spewed a homophobic slur at the 34-year-old manager, according to another restaurant patron. He then grabbed the manager's neck and slammed him against the bar, according to another manager Joseph Verdi. Dematteis was arrested and charged with assault following the incident.
The fast car sequel, starring Vin Diesel, has raced to number seven on the list of highest grossing movies in just three weeks. It is predicted to overtake the likes of Frozen and Iron Man 3 in a matter of weeks.
Jennifer Pagonis, 29, from Chicago, has Androgen Insensitivity Syndrome (AIS), a very rare disorder which prevents a womb from growing and causes testes to grow in the abdomen. She was born with an enlarged clitoris, no uterus and a partial vagina that surgeons later extended so that as an adult she might have normal sexual intercourse. Pagonis now uses the first name 'Pidgeon', doesn't identify as female or male and works as an intersex activist against surgery.
Sophia Adams, 21, has won 'Star in a Bra' modelling competition. Beat 1,000 hopefuls to land coveted modelling contract with Bridge Models. Will star in Curvy Kate's Spring/Summer 2016 catalogue.
Transavia France is selling cheap flights with packets of crisps, gummy bears and cereal bars. Customers who buy one of the products before April 21 will find a voucher code that can be redeemed online for a discounted flight. Flights are being sold at participating Carrefour City shops, in Selecta vending machines at two Paris metro stations, and at a cinema.
Ukip leader says it is a'reasonable proposition' to charge for treatment. Admits he has a pint of bitter every lunchtime and likes 'Young's Master Brew' Lib Dem Norman Lamb suggested a £50 levy on drunks last year. But doctors leaders warn the plan is unworkable and expensive.
Scientists from the University of Maryland found that flour made from peanut kernel significantly stimulated the growth of Lactobacillus casei and Lactobacillus rhamnosus. The friendly bacteria out-competes the harmful bacteria by occupying space on intestinal walls and by producing antimicrobial substances.
Peter O'Toole was seen laughing and joking with fellow cast members. Fall of an Empire: The Story of Katherine of Alexandria released today. Director Michael Redwood paid tribute to the late actor.
The woman, who calls herself Zhu Diandian online, has raised her beloved Five Flowers since it was a piglet. The porker has now grown to a whopping 187lbs (13st) But that has done nothing to weaken the bond between the two.
From unbreakable sunglasses to foldable wellies, FEMAIL rounds up eight products to make your summer break as foolproof as possible. The Swim Tee by Land's End provides UPF 50 sun protection and the fabric is supported by The Skin Cancer Foundation.
Music can bring out specific flavours in a range of foods, psychologists say. The intensity of Nessun Dorma can enhance bitterness in coffee. Piano in Billie Holiday's Autumn in New York can help emphasise flavour of pumpkin pudding. In Ultraviolent restaurant in Shanghai, fish and chips are served up to a backdrop of the Beatles.
Manjinder Virk will play pathologist Dr Kam Karimore in the ITV drama. It is the first significant role for an ethnic minority actor in the show. In 2011, Brian True-May described the show as the 'last bastion of Englishness' He said the show 'wouldn't work' if there was racial diversity among its cast.
The worst weather in five years continues to whip NSW. Social media users have taken to Snapchat to share their rainy day adventures. Snapchat's Sydney story shows the soaking conditions endured by the Cronulla Sharks and South Sydney Rabbitohs. There are severe weather warnings in place for Metropolitan, Mid North Coast, Hunter and Illawarra.
The Columbia Graduate School of Journalism will release their review of the botched Rolling Stone investigation at 8pm on Sunday. Reporter Sabrina Rubin Erdely has been silent since December, when the magazine was forced to issue an apology in the wake of several factual errors highlighted in the piece.
Joseph O'Riordan was sitting on Polegate Town Council in East Sussex. He grew suspicious his wife, Amanda, 47, was having an affair with the postman. He hired a private investigator to follow her and used GPS to track her car. The 73-year-old stabbed her eight times with a seven-inch kitchen knife. He pleaded guilty to wounding with intent but denied a charge of attempted murder.
San Francisco property was teeming with black widows, rats, feces and 300 bottles of urine when it was discovered on April 4. The remains which were removed from the house on April 4 are believed to be that of Anna Ragin who lived with her 65-year-old daughter Carolyn, a hoarder. Carolyn was taken to hospital after her mother's body was removed from the house and is now being mentally assessed.
Noor Ellis admitted to a role in the killing of her 60-year-old husband, businessman Robert Ellis, at their home in Bali last October. His body, with wrists and feet bound, was found wrapped in plastic, dumped in a ditch in a rice field near Sedang Village. Mrs Ellis faced court on Wednesday charged with the premeditated killing of her husband of 20 years. 'Because his attitude didn't change, I couldn't stand it anymore. Once I asked for divorce but he didn't want to,' she said.
Colby Ramos-Francis was born with a small, heart-shaped growth. But it quickly developed into a large benign tumour that continued to expand. His parents claim NHS doctors were unable to treat the growth or offer surgery, leaving them no option but to beg for help abroad. Colby has now had the tumour removed free-of-charge thanks to the US-based Little Baby Face Foundation.
US researchers discovered that a single gene called TcSAD1 is responsible for the melting point of cocoa butter. Plant geneticists say their finding could also lead to new varieties of climate change-resistant cocoa plants. Each cocoa pod has 40 seeds, which are composed of cocoa butter and used in the making of chocolate – and some drugs.
Jenny-Lee, 28, was diagnosed with leukaemia seven months into her pregnancy. Doctors at Sydney's Prince of Wales Hospital told her she could give birth via a caesarean section and undergo chemotherapy. She refused both options as they required her to receive a blood transfusion. The Sydney mother's baby died in utero three days after she was offered a caesarean. She had a stillbirth and died 13 days after her diagnosis by suffering a stroke and multi-organ failure. Jenny-Lee's elder daughter Chelsie, who was only 10 when her mother died in August 2009, also defended her mother. However her brother
The Egyptian goose that lived for at least a week with an arrow piercing its neck as it evaded capture by animal control workers in Southern California died after it was wrangled and taken to surgery. The goose at first appeared to make it successfully through the operation at a bird and wildlife clinic Wednesday but then died a short time later. Animal officials had high hopes for the bird's recovery after its capture earlier Wednesday because it seemed in otherwise good health and the arrow had missed all its vital organs.
Some 24 per cent of 13 to 17-year-olds admitted they were continuously checking their devices, including when they were at school. Nine in teenagers also confessed to going online every day as they were unable to resist the lure of Facebook and Instagram. Pew Research Centre asked 1,060 children aged between 13 and 17 about their phone habits.
David Serbeck, 42, is asking an appeals court in Utah to either throw out his sex with a minor conviction or reduce his sentence. In March 2012, Serbeck was found guilty of three felony counts of unlawful sex with a minor and sentenced to up to 10 years in prison. Two years after he had sex with the 17-year-old, Serbeck was shot and paralyzed in July 2009 by Reginald Campos, who suspected Serbeck of aggressively following his daughter in an SUV.
Luke Munro, 19, and Dylon Thompson, 21, raided shop in Cleveleys, Lancashire. Used'realistic looking' handgun and pointed it at family behind counter. When they refused to hand over cash, the robbers threw sweets at them. Police said victims had been 'left in fear of their lives' during raid. Munro jailed for five years at Preston Crown Court, while Thompson jailed for three years and four months.
Home Secretary Theresa May says migrants will have to pay tax and national insurance. EU migrants will be banned from receiving state support for four years. They will also be deported if they do not get a job within six months.
The tyranny of the nine-to-five is about money, but also about moral worth. Surely it is work, not love, which makes the world go round? Reading this book reminds me how times have changed.
Police got a tip and intercepted a package headed to a home in Tahlequah, Oklahoma. Police Chief Nate King said: 'The Easter Bunny I thought was a strange touch. It's not the prize egg that we want in Tahlequah'
Wayne Community College in Goldsboro, North Carolina, was on lockdown after a shooting inside the campus library just before 9am on Monday. SWAT teams rushed to the campus just before 9am on Monday after frantic 911 calls of a gunman who had opened fire. Police identified the shooter as 20-year-old Kenneth Stancil, a former student who did not graduate from Wayne Community College in Goldsboro. Stancil allegedly entered the building at 8am carrying a long-barreled gun, went up to the third floor, and fired one shot, which killed long-time employee Ron Lane.
Tola Ore, 32, worked at Santander branch in Palmers Green, north London. She fitted a keyboard video mouse to the USB port of her computer. The device allowed fraudsters to remotely access the computer. The gang attempted to deposit £1,274,000 into 12 different bank accounts. A member of staff spotted the suspicious transaction before the full amount could be transferred so the bank's losses here stopped at £147,678. She admitted one count of fraud at the Old Bailey as she was about to stand trial.
The lyrics of American Pie have been puzzled over for decades. They were written by a young folk singer called Don McLean in 1971. They were sold at auction in New York for more than $1 million.
Chester, a 6-year-old Pit Bull mix, had been housed at the North Fork Animal Welfare League on Long Island since 2010. The shelter posted a picture of Chester on its Facebook page on Thursday. The picture was shared more than 6,000 times and inquiries about adopting Chester poured in from all over the world. Within a couple of days of the posting, Chester was adopted by a family with two sons from New York.
Andrew Anderson, 43, was accused of forcing social worker Julie McGoldrick to the floor, injuring her wrist. Father-of-three'strategised' his shopping and grabbed a TV from bottom of a pallet. But Mrs McGoldrick, 53, grabbed the same one at the same time and ended up in hospital. Judge cleared him of any wrongdoing, saying it was not certain he 'went on not caring whether she was hurt or not'
The ink illustration appears to show the Jedi knight Yoda on the pages of a religious document. But in fact, the drawing is part of a bizarre representation of the Biblical story of Samson, one expert claims. The Yoda like image comes from a 14th-century manuscript known as the Smithfield Decretals. It also includes a bizarre image of a rabbit shooting a leaping dog with a bow and arrow.
Experts fear millions of two-inch-long hornets could be heading to UK. Threat to honeybees to be discussed at a summit meeting by beekeepers. Hornet thought to have travelled to France on Chinese pot plants in 2004.
Mike Cannon-Brookes is Australia's equal richest self-made billionaire under 40. The 35-year-old IT entrepreneur co-founded his company Atlassian 12 years ago. They are now joint CEOs and equal partners to the company, which is worth a reported $3.5 billion. He is reportedly the mystery buyer who spent $12 million to make a stunning 1918 Centennial Park mansion their home.
The drone was supposed to be capturing footage of the Royal Burgers Zoo chimp enclosure for a TV show. The incident happened during filming for a reality show set in the zoo.
Hawks star Thabo Sefolosha and teammate Pero Anti were arrested. They were trying to prevent police from setting up a crime scene in New York. Both players have since issued a statement saying they intend to fight charges. It happened on the same night that Indiana Pacers player Chris Copeland and his wife were stabbed in an altercation outside a Manhattan club. Copeland, a former player for the New York Knicks, was slashed in the elbow and abdomen and underwent surgery to repair the wounds on Wednesday. His wife Katrine Saltara, 28, was also stabbed during the early-morning altercation.
Former head of Scotland Yard's Flying Squad says heist could be linked to fire. John O'Connor said the power outage and proximity of the raid were 'cowardly' He said the gang must have had inside help to carry out the heist. The fire started underground just 500 metres from where the raid took place.
The Federal Aviation Administration had earlier given the green light to an Amazon prototype drone in March. Amazon told U.S. lawmakers less than a week later that the prototype had already become obsolete while it waited more than six months for the agency's permission.
Clip was filmed on Saturday in Shortandy village, 40 miles north of Astana. It shows 100 metre-wide black ring of smoke floating in the sky for 15 minutes. Confused locals watched it hover ominously over the village before vanishing. The video has been viewed more than 50,000 times on YouTube.
More than 20,000 pupils passed ten or more GCSEs with either an A or an A* grade. In 2009, the number of students who managed to get straight As was 15,791. This rose to 16,983 in 2010, 18,468 in 2011 and 18,829 in 2012. GCSE grades are used by universities to decide who to admit to courses.
Dustin Wayne South died Wednesday night at the Louisville scene, in a field behind Lassiter Middle School. A neighbor saw South walking around the field while waving a gun in the air. Two bullets fired by police struck South, but neither was lethal. He died of a self-inflicted gunshot wound to the head.
Sandstorm hit Soligorsk, Belarus, on Monday afternoon. Within minutes, the storm had blocked out the sun, causing chaos. Motorists were forced to turn on their lights as the city was plunged into darkness. Storm was caused by a cold front moving in from the Ukraine.
The Pacific Coast Highway runs from San Francisco to Los Angeles. Scenic route winds through some of California's most beautiful scenery. Highlights include the Golden Gate Bridge and Alcatraz prison.
Sara Martin, 37, was diagnosed with terminal brain cancer in 2010. Since then, she has taken part in charity runs and holidays with family. But her health declined this winter after undergoing second round of radiation. Now, she has uttered word 'Florida' for the first time in weeks; she has not spoken since. Her family is taking her to her favorite beach in south-west Florida today.
The 15-year-old girl, named locally as Leah Price, was airlifted to hospital last night from the Blue Dolphin camping site near Filey, North Yorkshire. It is believed she lost her footing on the cliffs. A retired woman who owns a caravan near the cliff has said she heard crying and shouting before she rushed outside.
Fred Hatch, 76, had bought his wife Enid 50 yellow roses to celebrate their golden wedding anniversary, telling her 'each one is for a year of happiness' But two months after their anniversary, Mrs Hatch said her life was 'destroyed' when her husband was killed in the horrific attack. Her sister Betty Elston was murdered on a beach in Sully in 1971 by a stranger who had absconded from a mental health institution.
James Koryor, 41, has been arrested in connection to the death of his two-year-old son, who was left locked in the family's car outside their Phoenix home on Monday for up to 2.5 hours. Koryor took his two sons to get haircuts, but instead went to a liquor store, where he bought a bottle of gin. He then drove around drinking with the boys in the car, before going home and falling asleep, police say. The boy's mother then found him in the car some time later. Koryor has reportedly confessed to drinking alcohol.
Felix was discovered at JFK airport after being on the loose for more than two weeks. The two-year-old tabby's crate was travelling in an airline-approved carrier. It was damaged so badly that he was able to get out and run away.
Sources told TMZ that Drake liked the kiss, but that it was merely her lipstick that turned him off, therefore the foul look on his face. The 56-year-old singer spent at least three seconds making out with the 28-year-old hit maker.
Scientists at Jyvskyl University in Finland have tested the role played by eye-spots found on the wings of many butterflies as an example of mimicry. They found the patterns do in fact mimic the eyes of larger and more threatening species, like owls. The researchers flashed up digitally altered images of an owls face and the butterfly to see how great tits reacted. Images of owl eyes caused the birds to be startled, flee and in some cases give off alarm calls.
Jenner, 65, will speak in a 'far-ranging' interview with Sawyer on Friday April 24. The interview comes amid growing speculation about the father-of-six's transition to a woman. It follows closely behind his involvement in a deadly car crash in California in February. While the Kardashian women are known for enjoying center stage, they will be in Armenia when the interview airs, according to TMZ.
Claudia Martins gave birth alone at her sister's flat in Knowle, Bristol. The 33-year-old was found sitting in the bath with 'a lot of blood' Paramedics were called and she was taken to hospital. She had earlier killed the infant by stuffing toilet paper down its throat. She then wrapped the baby girl in towels and a plastic bag and hid the body in a suitcase. Martins was acquitted of a single charge of murder but convicted of manslaughter by reason of diminished responsibility.
Michael Rogan, 42, a former marine and devout churchgoer, died early on Friday after the accident near the town of Cleveland, Wisconsin. His wife, Niki, and their seven children aged between two and fifteen years old, who were also in the car, suffered minor injuries. Niki managed to steer the van into a shallow ditch after the impact, and gave birth a few hours later to a son, Blaise. The family attended Mass on Sunday, and a baptism for Blaise was held afterwards.
cubby house meeting room at the top of a beanstalk is where all the creativity and innovative ideas come to light. Inside the HQ of global company Moose Toys, the Cheltenham office in Melbourne comes complete with toy testing rooms, table tennis table, aerobics room, gym and a custom staff lunch room. Staff can scribble their ideas on walls made out of whiteboards while the Employee of the Year gets a gold crown and cape.
Revlon UK's new global tag line, Love Is On, is the label's first major relaunch in more than a decade. Video was created by agency George Patts Y&R for the cosmetics company.
Mummified remains were found in the 18th century crypt of the Dominican church in Vc, Hungary. Researchers isolated bacterial DNA of several strains of TB. Eight of the mummies showed signs of having been infected with the disease. They traced the infections back to a single germ in the late Roman period. Tuberculosis is caused by the bacteria Mycobacterium tuberculosis.
Conrad Clitheroe, Gary Cooper and Neil Munro were arrested in February. The trio were stopped by police for writing down aircraft registration numbers. They were taken to a police station and told they would not be detained. Despite being told they would not be detained, they were put in prison. Families of the three men have been told they will be released from jail. Charges of espionage against the trio have now been dropped.
Chris Brugger is a 35-year-old father-of-two from Griffith, NSW. He was diagnosed with Hodgkin's Lymphoma in December. The father-of-two says his new drug treatment is keeping him alive. His family launched the 'My Name Is Chris' campaign to raise money for the non-taxpayer subsidised treatment. Chris's wife Naomi told a Senate inquiry on Monday of the family's distress.
Authorities say a gunshot rang out and then a man was found dead with an apparent self-inflicted wound around 5 p.m. near the buffet at M Resort Spa and Casino in Henderson, Nevada. One adult who heard the gunshot and fell while running away was taken to the hospital with minor injuries. Several people who had gone to the buffet for an Easter meal posted tweets expressing their shock at the incident.
The Chief Political Correspondent of Slate Magazine was announced as the new host on the show on Sunday. He is expected to make his first appearance this summer, ending Schieffer's 14-year reign as host of the long-running news program. Schieffer began at the political affairs show 'Face the Nation' in 1991, asking direct questions to politicians in a Texas twang.
Beverley Davis tricked 89-year-old Ray Warren into handing over his bank cards. The 35-year-old then spent £9,164 over 42 transactions on his cards. Mr Warren was so traumatised by his ordeal he stopped going out. He died just five months after his crime was discovered by his daughter. Davis pleaded guilty to five charges of fraud and has been jailed for a year.
New Zealand couple Justin and Jola transformed a huge truck into a colourful and cosy castle-home. While driving along New Zealand's roads, the vehicle transforms into a majestic and cosy home for Justin, Jola and their baby son Piko. The couple said the house was perfect for their travelling lifestyle, which involves constant travel due to Jola's job as an acrobat.
SNP leader said she would work with Miliband's left-wing backbenchers. Also pledged to form alliances with minor parties such as Greens and Plaid Cymru. Comments came after a Scottish poll delivered another blow to Labour's hopes.
SNP leader said she would try to 'lock Cameron out of Downing Street' She said offer stood'regardless of who is the biggest party' in the Commons. Comments raise prospect of Miliband ending up in Number 10 as result of nationalist support.
Abby Swinfield, 18, was rushed to hospital in the early hours of March 30. Mother-of-one from Derbyshire believed to have taken M-Cat at house party. Miss Swinfield was put into a coma, but died a week later from multiple organ failure. Police have arrested a 20-year-old girl on suspicion of supplying drugs. But Miss Swinfield's cousin claims her drink was spiked and she took drug.
David Starkey says ethnic minorities and disabled people should not 'assume the status of victim' TV presenter says women are only of average intelligence and men are either'very, very bright or very thick', but denies he is sexist. He also claimed fears of Islamophobia were victimising Muslims, making them 'privileged and exempt'
Aaron was 19 when he met wife Sam, then 42, on the set of Nowhere Boy in 2009. Six years, one marriage and two children later, the Hollywood actor has revealed that he doesn't even notice the age gap. Friends of the couple call him Benjamin Button after Brad Pitt's character in the 2008 film The Curious Case of Benjamin Button.
The sum dwarfs payments for troops seriously wounded on battlefield. Another soldier has received £411,000 after harassment at hands of senior troops. Last year, MoD gave total of £81.9million in compensation to members of Armed Forces for injury, death and property damage.
Brock Guzman was found safe and well about two miles away from his Northern Californian home in the abandoned car. Police said a hapless car thief likely stole the 2001 Toyota Corolla after the boy's father left it running and briefly unattended in front of his home.
Monsoon and David's Bridal sell lavish gowns on a budget. But Vera Wang and Oleg Cassini gowns are expensive. Can you tell which is which?
Georgina Gosden, 25, allegedly punched a 21-year-old woman in the face. The incident took place at Townsville's Mad Cow Tavern on December 7. It is alleged Gosden carried out a similar attack on a 25-year-old woman in the same nightclub last April. Police are pursuing charges against Ms Gosden, despite her most recent victim withdrawing the charges.
The seven-car Maglev hit a top speed of 375mph (603 km/h) It travelled for almost 11 seconds at speeds above 373mph (600km/h) It beat last week's record of 366mph (590kph), which in turn beat the train's previous 12-year record of 361mph (581km/h) Maglev trains use magnets to lift the carriages above the track. Acceleration and deceleration far exceeds that of conventional trains. Japan is well-established as the world leader in high-speed trains. It has plans for a line between Washington and Baltimore,
Wendy Stokes, 74, had given up hope of ever seeing Toby again after he escaped from her garden 11 months ago. But he has now returned home after piecing together his escapades over the last year.
Apple Inc has approached more than a dozen musicians, including Taylor Swift and British band Florence and the Machine. The company is in talks with Florence and the Machine to give Apple limited streaming rights to a track from their album set to be released in June. Apple bought audio equipment and music streaming company Beats for about $3 billion in May 2014, hoping to catch up in fast-growing music streaming industry. Music streaming service Tidal, launched last month by rapper Jay Z, is also trying to convince artists to sign exclusive deals for their content.
Steve Webb has urged people to take their time rather than make rash decisions. Yesterday biggest pension reforms in a century were launched. Over-55s can cash in pension pots rather than being forced to buy an annuity. But the Government has appealed for caution, fearing some people will quickly exhaust their funds and rely on the State.
Adam Leheup, 34, was accused of raping a 25-year-old hours after meeting her. He told the court the woman 'freaked out' when he tried to comfort her. During the week long trial the woman claimed Leheup ignored her cries of 'no' He was found not guilty by a jury at Blackfriars Crown Court.
Mail revealed how NHS managers could be dodging income tax. Channelling huge salaries through personal companies could be used. Jeremy Hunt promised immediate crackdown if Conservatives are re-elected.
Legendary French chef has been wining and dining a string of glamorous blondes since divorcing his wife of eight years, Cheryl Roux, last year. coterie includes a former flame, an artist, a hospitality manager and the woman at the centre of his bitter divorce. Sources close to the restaurateur say he is ‘smitten’ with Ms Lutsyshyna, a 41-year-old Ukrainian who used to work at the Roux restaurant.
Doctors at University College London Hospitals NHS Foundation Trust are able to start vital treatment much sooner using a single procedure. A finger-width tube called an endobronchial ultrasound (EBUS) allows doctors to see inside the lungs and take a tissue sample in one go. The procedure involves inserting the EBUS down the throat, guided by a tiny camera fitted to the tube. Findings from a three-year trial at UCLH reveal that the method halves the time it takes between a patient’s first hospital appointment and for a decision to be made on the best course of treatment.
Amanda Lamb stars in the new Air Wick fragrance campaign. The TV presenter offers advice on how to perk up a home this Spring. She says that one of the quickest ways is to use a home fragrance.
Luca Railton was born with bones missing from his legs due to rare condition bilateral tibial hemimelia. Doctors said condition meant he would have his right leg amputated or fused straight. But his loved ones refused to accept these grim prospects, which would have left Luca severely disabled for life. They eventually found an American surgeon who assured Luca's parents his leg could be saved. He underwent a series of operations – including one to break his right leg and start his femur (thigh bone) Now, Luca is walking unaided – without the stints he formerly needed - and can even play cricket and tennis.
Jelle Vossen opened the scoring for Middlesbrough in the third minute. Chelsea loanee Patrick Bamford doubled the home side's lead in the 11th. Bakary Sako pulled a goal back for Wolves in the 63rd minute.
The president's spokesman said a two-week break in congressional activity has meant 'that we have not been able to have as many face-to-face conversations as we would like - but that's going to change today' A Senate panel is set to vote tomorrow on an intensely debated bill that would give Congress a say on a potential deal aimed at keeping Tehran from developing a nuclear weapon. Republicans and Democrats maintain that Congress should have a say on an international deal with Tehran to curb its nuclear program. The White House has pushed back, threatening a presidential veto while warning that the bill could scuttle the delicate talks
Steven Nelms penned a moving essay celebrating his wife and everything she does for their family as a stay-at-home mother to their two-year-old son Ezra. Nelms estimates that the childcare his wife provides is worth $36,660 a year, the annual-salary for a full-time nanny. He also estimates this his wife does $5,200 worth of cleaning a year, $12,480 of cooking, and $13,520 for buying groceries and running errands. He concludes the essay by telling his wife 'you are more precious than rubies'
Anand Iyer, 36, worked for fashion site Threadflip in San Francisco. He quit his six-figure salary job in January to spend more time with his family. His wife, Shreya, 34, is supporting the family with her job.
Nicola Sturgeon has left boxy jackets and severe suits in the past. 44-year-old looked particularly glamorous on her way to Andrew Marr Show. Looked svelte in the £179 knee-length 1940's-style 'Blitz' dress by Totty Rocks.
Ukip leader booed by voters at Westminster's Methodist Central Hall. He faced claims he blamed all of Britain's problems on migrants. Pollster ICM, which was hired by the BBC to select the audience, defends process.
Explorer Sir Ranulph Fiennes, 71, has become oldest Briton to complete the punishing Marathon des Sables in the Moroccan desert. Veteran explorer has previously suffered two heart attacks and underwent a double heart bypass in 2003. He ran for more than 30 hours in temperatures topping 50C having had just one hour of sleep.
Ryan Heritage, 18, wanted for alleged fraud and theft in Trowbridge, Wiltshire. He posted obnoxious message on police's Facebook page saying: 'Oi yo check if there's a warrant for my arrest, if so good luck!!!' Police re-posted message and added: 'His luck ran out #arrested'
Flight ACA-877 was en-route to Toronto from Frankfurt, Germany. The plane was forced to divert to Shannon Airport in Co Clare. Elderly woman was met by Irish police and taken into custody.
Wendell Steiner, his wife, and their four children were stopped by police in Akron, Ohio during their 300-mile journey from Nova, Ohio to Pennsylvania. Steiner's mixed-breed puppies were wind-battered and huddled together in the cage when they were rescued, but had no injuries. The puppies were taken to a local veterinarian hospital to be examined and will be placed with the Human Society of Great Akron to be put up for adoption.
Next has overtaken M&S as Britain's biggest fashion retailer. The High Street giant has an impressive line in designer copies. It also does its own versions of high-end homeware that won't break the bank.
The Great Dying wiped out more than 96% of creatures 252 million years ago. Volcanic eruptions released huge amounts of carbon dioxide into the atmosphere. This changed the chemistry of the oceans, killing off marine life. This also caused a lack of oxygen in the world's waters, killing off marine life and destroying food chains. Study is the first to show that highly acidic oceans were to blame. And the researchers said the amount of carbon added to the atmosphere to trigger the mass extinction was 'probably greater than today's fossil fuel reserves'
Liz Norden's adult sons, JP and Paul, both lost a leg in April 2013 blast. Men were protecting friends from second of two bombs detonated by finish line. Norden said it is 'way too soon' for Wahlberg to make film about atrocity. She said: 'For people dealing with putting legs on every day, their lives are just coming back somewhat'
The former secretary of state arrived at a Des Moines, Iowa fruit processing company in a GMC van and a Chevrolet. The vehicles are mechanically identical and have New York license plates. The Secret Service uses 'decoy' vehicles, identical in design, to confuse and discourage would-be attackers.
The 121-foot brig James McBride ran aground during a storm on October 19, 1857, while carrying a cargo of wood. The 133-foot long wooden steamer stranded just north of Pyramid Point on October 29, 1917, and can be seen on the bottom of the Great Lake. Unpredictable weather makes Lake Michigan home to some of the most dangerous waters in the world.
Julie McKenzie, 53, from Bushey, Herts, had nagging back pain. GP told her it was down to a mild curvature of the spine. She sought a second opinion from a private surgeon.
Elizabeth Scarborough, 21, has been impersonating Taylor Swift since she was 15. The University of South Carolina student's biggest gig is performing with Legends in Concert, a show that includes artists impersonating the likes of Whitney Houston, Britney Spears, and Tim McGraw.
Paula Dunican, 49, bought the coat from Asda in Canterbury, Kent. She noticed a dark stain'seeping through' from the coat's lining. When she opened it she found a squashed four inch-long gecko inside. Asda apologised and offered her a £40 voucher to return the garment.
Reverend Andrew Dotchin, 58, was refused entry to The Wine Bar in Ipswich. He was told there were health and safety concerns, because a glass could fall on his foot. Wine bar manager Luke Parkerson defended the decision to bar Mr Dotchin.
Owner Clem Schultz's beloved wife Geraldine died in the blast. Schultz thought his dog Missy suffered the same fate as his partner but after Missy was spotted by a ConEd worker, police called Schultz and reported the sighting. Missy was so traumatized by the storm that she ran 2.5 miles from her Schultz and his grandson Tyler Rowan before they were able to catch up with her.
A total of 150 business leaders have signed the letter warning against a ‘change in course’ Among the new signatories is Simon Woodroffe, the founder of Yo! Sushi. Others also include executives from two FTSE-100 firms and 10 from FTSE-250 index.
CCTV footage has captured a woman allegedly stealing a donation box. The woman is seen casually walking out of the club with the box in her hand. She is wearing a black-and-white striped top and a black vest. RSL general manager Pete Frost said he was'mortified' by the incident. He has posted the footage on social media in a bid to track down the woman.
Charles Barnhoorn took hundreds of canisters of nitrous oxide at party. He was found dead in his bedroom at the family home in Kingsteignton, Devon. Coroner recorded that his death was self-inflicted after he died from asphyxiation. His mother Susan has now spoken out about the dangers of nitrous oxide. She said: 'We need to address the issue of legal highs as soon as possible'
Anti-racism protester Jacob King was snapped staring into the eyes of a bald man with a swastika tattooed behind his ear. Mr King, from Melbourne, said he had his arms spread out because he thought the man and his group was going to attack them. The dramatic scenes occurred after Reclaim Australia, an anti-Islam group, organised protests at major cities across Australia.
Heather Mack, 19, is accused of helping her boyfriend, Tommy Schaefer, 21, kill her mother, Sheila Von Wiese-Mack, in Bali last August. Mack's attorney has filed court documents for her client agreeing to turn over funds for the care of four-month-old Stella. The petition asks for around a half a million dollars to be transferred to Stella, who was born in Kerobokan Prison and who has urgent needs, including clothing and baby wipes.
The cute moment was captured by 19-year-old Ranajit Roy in India. He spotted the palm squirrel asleep on a coconut leaf in the early morning sun. Ranajit spent five minutes snapping the photographs before the squirrel ran off.
Sgt. George Hildebidle, who had been on the force since 2003, barricaded himself inside his Grand Oaks home on Thursday morning. The 911 call that came through around 7am was listed as a domestic dispute. The neighborhood surrounding Hildebidle's house was evacuated as negotiations started. Hours later, just before 1pm, a decision was made to enter the home. Police said Hildebidle was alone inside the house at the time. Upon entering the house Hildebidle was found dead.
Carwyn Scott-Howell got lost on the slopes in the French resort of Flaine. He left the piste to look for his parents but fell down 320ft-high cliff. Police are trying to piece together the tragic sequence of events.
Domanik Green, 14, accessed a computer at Paul R. Smith Middle School in Holiday, Florida, without permission by using an administrator's password to alter the image to two men kissing. He was arrested on Wednesday and detained at the Land O'Lakes Detention Center until he was released into the custody of his mother later the same day. He has been charged with 'offense against computer system, unauthorized access' which is a 3rd degree felony.
Nicole McDonough, 32, of Mount Olive, New Jersey, was arrested in December on suspicion of having sex with an 18-year-old student. A subsequent investigation revealed that the married educator also allegedly engaged in improper 'communication' and 'fraternization' with two other 18-year-old male students. On Monday, McDonough applied for Morris County's Pre-Trial Intervention program, which provides first-time, non-violent offenders with alternatives to traditional prosecution. The program requires a probationary period of one to three years and comes with a list of conditions that must be met. If she meets all the conditions
Robin Williams, 63, hanged himself at Californian home in August 2014. Post-mortem revealed he had Lewy body dementia - a form of dementia. Actor had also been prone to episodes of insomnia and anxiety prior to death. British television show Autopsy will reconstruct final hours of his life tonight. Pathologist says Williams's online activity suggested he knew'something else was wrong with him... something that he couldn't put his finger on'
John Truong agreed to babysit 2-year-old Ronnie Tran on Tuesday. He says his sister Alyssa Chang dropped off the boy, saying it was her boyfriend's son and they wanted to go on a date night. Chang promised to pick the boy up in the morning, but she never returned and eventually stopped answering her brother's messages. The next day, Truong read an Amber Alert on Facebook and called police, who found the boy safe. Chang has since been arrested on charges of kidnapping, assault and unlawful imprisonment.
The 37-year-old rapper penned an essay for Paper magazine's April issue, in which he discussed his 'world dream' He also wore a necklace featuring his daughter North's nickname, Nori.
Deborah Steel, 37, ran the Royal Standard pub in Ely, Cambridgeshire. She was last seen alive just after 1am on 28 December 1997. Police believe she was killed and recently reclassified the investigation as a murder inquiry. Search has the full consent of the present landlord who is not connected with the investigation.
Families of victims of Yorkshire Ripper furious at plans to move him to low-security unit. Mass murderer has spent more than three decades in Broadmoor for killings. He is being lined up for the move after he expressed remorse. Report is being compiled which will be heard at a prison tribunal next month.
Myuran Sukumaran and Andrew Chan's lives changed forever 10 years ago. Friday is also Sukumaran's 34th birthday which could well be his last. His cousin has organised an exhibition of his paintings in London. The pair are in an isolated cell pinning their hopes on yet another legal quest for mercy which rests with a court that has previously recommended an option of a life sentence.
Honza and Claudine Lafond, who live in Sydney, have taken their passion for yoga all over the world. The pair, who run a worldwide studio called YogaBeyond, do handstands and downward dogs against draw-dropping backgrounds. They have posted pictures from all their athletic adventures on Instagram, attracting more than 251,000 followers.
Kim Roberts admitted stealing antiques and paintings from Countess of Bathurst. The 58-year-old worked for the 87-year-old and helped herself to the riches. Haul was said to be worth a total of £500,000 at an earlier hearing.
Kylie Gulliver, 29, from Melbourne started her own label Elliott Label three years ago. The high-end leather brand is now being worn by A-listers including Drew Barrymore, Cameron Diaz and the Kardashians. Gulliver has just added Robin Antin, the founder of The Pussycat Dolls to her business partner list. Antin counts Drew Barrymore and Cameron Diaz as close friends.
Bobby launched the #savebobbysmum appeal to urge people to sign up as stem cell donors last August. More than 3,000 people signed the bone marrow donation register in one week, when he issued an appeal for help to save his mother's life. It comes after the reality star inspired more than 3,000 people to sign the bone marrow donation register.
John Allan warns promise of an in-out referendum risks backfiring. Says the cart is'very firmly before the horse' if Britain leaves the EU. Suggests large firms could move their head offices from London to Europe.
Chief Secretary to the Treasury pictured drinking with call girl Brooke Magnanti. Pair snapped at Bar One in Inverness on Friday as part of the Nip festival. Comes as David Cameron faces growing revolt over 'flat-footed' election campaign.
Man in his 20s struck by Northern line train at Stockwell station this morning. Other commuters watched in horror as he bent down to pick up his bag. Station was shut while medics tended to the man who was taken to hospital.
Josh and Vanessa Ellis and their eight-month old baby boy Hudson were killed on Monday when a concrete barrier fell on top of them. The family were driving underneath the state's Route 410 overpass in Bonney Lake - where workers were installing a sidewalk. The barrier weighed 'tons' according to investigators and the damage to the family's pickup truck was so great that it took them hours to extract the bodies.
Duke of York made first public appearance since sex claims were thrown out. He visited the offices of AkzoNobel, a paint firm based in Slough. The 55-year-old has always denied that he had any sort of relationship with Virginia Roberts.
Carol Lloyd was left injured and covered in blood after rocks were thrown at and shattered her car window. So far six people are believed to have been killed in the violent protests which started two weeks ago in Durban. In the latest show of violence around 200 protesters, shouting that they want immigrants to leave the country, pelted passing vehicles. South African police responded by firing rubber bullets and tear gas today to disperse crowds.
Rhiannon Langley, from Melbourne, is posting her nose job on social media. The 24-year-old hairdresser has 189,000 followers on Instagram alone. She is updating her followers with pictures and videos day-by-day. The results of the surgery won't be known for another six months.
The charity announced on Wednesday that it has decided to continue to look abroad for millions of dollars while limiting donor nations to a select group of six. The change in policy comes as former board member Hillary Clinton undertakes her presidential campaign. The foundation's reliance on funding from several Middle East governments that suppress dissent and women's rights sparked criticism and gave Republicans a new offensive against the leading Democrat.
Poppy Moore, 23, wed childhood sweetheart Sam Myers at Chelsea Register Office. The bride wore a knee-length white dress and carried a bouquet of white roses. She also contained a picture of her father Dean, who died in 2011 aged 43.
Fan scaled 10-foot grandstand fence before running across start-finish line. He then made a bid for the pit wall before entering the Ferrari garage. The man was handed over to the authorities and taken away from the circuit.
Evan Summerfield had just learned how to giggle and take his dummy out by himself. But just hours later he was fighting for his life after waking from a nap with a rash stretching from his head to his belly-button. He was rushed to Derriford Hospital in Plymouth but died soon after. His death has devastated his parents Shannon Summerfield, 17, and Kris Adams, 19, who have been left confused as to how he fell ill so quickly.
British backpacker Bethany Farrell, 23, died on February 17 while scuba diving in Queensland's Whitsundays. Two people who were on the boat when Ms Farrell died have taken to TripAdvisor to slam Wings Diving Adventures for the way they handled the tragic circumstances. Scathing reviews have been posted to the popular travel website slamming the tour guides' handling of the incident. The young woman was just one week into her dream gap-year when she tragically drowned.
Italian activist and artist AleXsandro Palombo has turned his hand to photography for his latest project, 'What Kind Of Man Are You?' He asks women to share their thoughts on gender violence by writing them on pairs of pants and sharing via social media.
The plane began to plunge after it was struck by lightning. autopilot ignored the pilot’s commands to climb and tried to crash the plane into the sea. The airliner pitched down, falling at 9,500ft a minute, and fell to just 1,100ft above the ocean before its commander wrestled back control.
Julia Ware, who was 15 at the time of the accident, appeared at Wayne County Court in Honesdale, Pennslyvania, on Wednesday. The families of Shamus Digney, Cullen Keffer and Ryan Lesher - who were all 15 - watched her admit to five of the 12 counts she was charged with. After the hearing, a grieving father branded Ware, of Pleasantville, New York, a murderer.
39-year-old Lianna Barrientos married ten men in eleven years - and married six of them in one year alone, it's been revealed. Barrientos, however, was nabbed by authorities after saying her 2010 marriage - the tenth time she tied the knot - was actually her first. According to reports, all of Barrientos' marriages took place in New York state.
British amateur photographer Julian John has long been fascinated with the structure and its interior. Calling it the 'jewel in the United Arab Emirates' crown, he visits the prayer halls as frequently as possible. The four 350-ft tall minarets, which can be seen across the Abu Dhabi skyline, look incredible lit up.
Austin Bird told Daily Mail Online that Clinton's 'roundtable' in LeClaire, Iowa on Tuesday was set up by her campaign's political director. Troy Prince was executive director of the Iowa Democratic Party until he left last month to help Clinton's statewide political effort. 'We were just asked to be there by Troy, the three of us, at the Village Inn,' Bird said. 'And then all of a sudden he says, "Hey, we have Secretary Clinton coming in, would you like to go meet her?" And then Hillary just came up and talked with us,' he said
The rate of bankruptcy remained the same no matter how long the players were in the league or how well they were paid. Former players go broke at about 1.1percent per year, the same rate as the rest of Americans. The average player makes $3.2million over the course of a career.
Liberal Democrats prefer to opt for the window seat for flights. UKIP supporters are the most likely to want to save money on holiday. Green Party supporters are most likely to rent a car on holiday.
Wirral West MP Esther McVey targeted in'misogynistic and sexist' attacks. Job centre in her constituency was graffitied with the message 'McVey murderer' Miss McVey has demanded that Ed Miliband condemns the attacks.
Jess is the face of Hotel Summers swimwear and beachwear campaign. The TOWIE star is the first celebrity to front an Ann Summers campaign. Jess says she is a huge fan of the brand and was thrilled to be on board.
Adele Sarno, 85, is facing eviction from her $820-a-month apartment in Manhattan's Little Italy neighborhood. Landlord is the Italian American Museum which is dedicated to the legacy of Italian-Americans. They sent her a letter five years ago seeking to increase rent to $3,500 a month, far more than the retired shopkeeper can afford. The grandmother was due to be evicted on Monday but a judge has given her lawyers until April 13 to find a solution.
Representative Jesse Young wants to use two or three carriers to link Bremerton and Port Orchard across the Sinclair Inlet. A proposal put forth by Young which would use money from the state's highway budget to fund a feasibility study passed in the Washington House on Thursday. The idea is intriguing because the US Navy is storing three retired carriers just a few hundred yards from the proposed site of the bridge.
The band were identified in a secret police intelligence report from 1964. It related to a notorious flat in Battersea, South West London. It is not clear whether the band and Savile attended the brothel at the same time. Savile was known to be a regular visitor to the property in the 1970s.
The Jacksons were stationed at Picatinny Arsenal, a military installation about 40 miles west of New York City, when the abuse occurred. The Jacksons had three biological children and three adopted children. They have only been charged for abusing the foster children. The Jacksons' previous trial last fall ended in a mistrial when a prosecutor inadvertently referred to the fact that one of the children had died.
Swedish furniture store IKEA has banned shoppers from napping in their beds. The practice has become widespread in IKEA stores - with shoppers coming in especially to catch a quick forty winks. One tired woman said she had come into IKEA especially to grab a quick forty winks in one of their ‘comfy’ beds. One IKEA employee said: 'There are too many people doing this, it’s not possible to stop it'
Sandra Garratt, 56, went through two years of agony after back operation. Not even morphine could dull the pain and last month doctors told her there was nothing more they could do to ease her suffering. On Good Friday she left her home in Rowley Regis, West Midlands. Hours later her body was found at Cornbow Shopping Centre in Halesowen.
Joyce Tabram, 82, was admitted to Fiona Stanley Hospital in Perth on March 30 with a swollen abdomen. She was told to fast for five days while waiting for tests to be performed on her. The frail elderly woman lost five kilograms in five days. Ms Tabram has called for the hospital to be shut down.
Tim Farron was accused by the dead man's widow of 'betrayal' Jo Stephenson jumped from the roof of his house while suffering 'intense stress' Mr Stephenson fell from the three-storey property in Windermere after being vilified over new parking charges in Mr Farron's Westmorland and Lonsdale constituency. Now Mr Stephenson’s widow Hilary has angrily accused Mr Farron of reneging on a deal to support her late husband over the policy.
Valyrian steel is a form of metal forged when the Valyrian Freehold governed Essos and covered more than half the known world. In Game of Thrones, the secret to forging it was said to have been lost with the Doom of Valyria. But, a scientist has investigated whether it would be possible to make a similar weapon using bona fide chemistry. By studying the composition of modern steel, welding techniques and assessing all the characteristics of Valyrian steel, he concludes it isn't a steel at all, but instead is a metal matrix composite.
The parade started in the 1880s as a strolling display of what prosperous New Yorkers wore to Fifth Avenue churches. In recent decades, the street gathering has morphed into a sort of costume circus - including pet dogs.
Ohio Department of Heath released birth records for people born between January 1, 1964, and September 18, 1996, last month. La-Sonya Mitchell-Clark, 38, of Youngstown, found out her birth mother was Francine Simmons after receiving her records in the mail. She looked up her mother's name on Facebook and found out she worked at the same call-center operation company she works at. Mitchell-Clark also found out that she has three younger sisters she didn't know about.
Human remains were found in Gough's Cave in Somerset 14,700 years ago. Scientists found evidence bones had been cut from them before being crushed. They also found teeth marks on many of the bones suggesting ritual cannibalism. Archaeologists believe people living in the late Ice Age indulged in ritual cannibalism, perhaps a macabre way to revere their dead kin.
Jean Sharon Abbott, 38, from Plymouth, Minnesota, was told she had spastic diplegia, a form of cerebral palsy, when she was four-years-old. But after three decades of suffering from muscle spasms, weakness, near immobility, as well as undergoing painful surgical procedures, she learned at the age of 33 that she actually had dopa-responsive dystonia (DRD)
Matt O'Connor's own-goal turned his team's 3-2 lead into a 3-3 tie. Brandon Tanev scored with 6:17 remaining to give the Friars the 4-3 lead. It was the school's first NCAA hockey title and third straight year a first-time champion has won it all.
A husband has been charged with more than 100 domestic violence-related offences including rape,'solicit to murder' and assault against his wife. A police spokesperson told Daily Mail Australia that each of the 102 offences had all been directed towards the same woman over the last 18 years. The man faced Campbelltown Local Court on Wednesday where he was charged with the 102 offences. He was remanded in custody and will reappear in court on June 10.
A federal judge has sentenced former Blackwater security guard Nicholas Slatten to life in prison for his role in a 2007 shooting that killed 14 Iraqi civilians and wounded 17 others. Three other guards - Paul Slough, Evan Liberty and Dustin Heard - were each sentenced to 30 years and one day in prison for charges that included manslaughter, attempted manslaughter and using firearms while committing a felony. U.S. District Judge Royce Lamberth announced the sentences after a day-long hearing at which defense lawyers had argued for leniency.
Double Falsehood was presented by theatre impresario Lewis Theobald in 18th century. He claimed it was a re-working of an original Shakespeare play by the Bard. His claims were greeted with widespread scepticism in the eighteenth century. But a new study of its language to build up a psychological profile of the writer'strongly identifies' the legendary playwright as the true author.
Joseph O'Riordan, 74, stabbed wife Mandy eight times with a kitchen knife. She suffered life-threatening injuries after being knifed in torso, chest, arms and back. A close friend told how O'Riordan had confided in him about the extraordinary plan for his 47-year-old wife Mandy.
Aaronessa Keaton of Phoenix, Arizona was arrested Monday and charged with manslaughter for a 2014 accident that resulted in the death of a 5-year-old child. Keaton hit another car head-on while she was eight months pregnant and had marijuana and Benzodiazepines in her system. The baby, which had diazepenes and THC in their system as well, was in extremely critical condition after it was delivered.
Lydia Millen and Ali Gordon met on Instagram after he liked one of her pictures. The couple live in Milton Keynes and have large followings on the site. Lydia works as a full time blogger, she often shares pictures of her outfits.
A resident of Cammeray, a wealthy inner-Sydney suburb, left a note on the windscreen of a car parked near a school. The note read: 'Dear Northern Beaches Parasites and car dependent Tragics' Other locals were 'horrified' by the note.
Josh Darnbrough, 24, passed out at a New Year's Eve party. While he slept, his mate Rob Gaskell, 24, tattooed the words 'If found face down call an ambulance' on his back using a DIY kit. Rob said he carried out the practical joke in revenge for a tattoo Josh did on Rob's leg two years ago.
Lack of bacteria in the gut means we are less equipped to deal with germs. Our bodies often overreact when we come into contact with bugs, dust or pollen. Findings bolster the theory that modern obsession with hygiene and cleanliness has driven a boom in allergies and health problems.
Police in Maryland have issued a warrant for the arrest of 26-year-old karate instructor Alexander Soumbadze. The Tbilisi, Georgia, native faces eight child pornography counts. Police recovered videos showing Soumbadze molesting boys at his karate studio in Chevy Chase.
An Australian government report suggests that carbon dioxide produced by burning fossil fuels could be captured and used to produce the fizz in Cola. Carbon Capture and Storage (CCS) refers to the process of capturing carbon released by burning fossil fuels and storing it in porous rock layers. This implies that as well as investigating the production of biofuels, carbon dioxide could be stashed in fizzy drinks. But the report goes on to note that there is no commercial CO2 re-use in Australia, reflecting the high cost of capturing the CO2 from a flue gas stream.
Two firms exposed as selling private information to be probed by watchdog. B2C Data sold financial data of 15,000 people and health details on 3,000. Direct Marketing Commission said it would probe both companies.
Prime Minister accused the SNP and Labour of posing a 'clear and present danger' He said the two parties were pretending to'slug it out' ahead of next month's poll. But he insisted they were both working to ramp up spending regardless of deficit.
Dr. Anthony J. Moschetto allegedly used drugs, guns and blank prescriptions as currency while trying to have the other doctor harmed amid a professional dispute. Moschetto first allegedly hired two men to set fire to the man's office; it happened beneath a sprinkler and damage was minimal, prosecutors said. Investigators who went to Moschetto's home in Sands Point on Long Island's Gold Coast - one of the nation's wealthiest areas - found a weapons cache in a secret room.
David Tungate, 58, was left devastated after the marriage to his first Gambian wife broke down shortly after he brought her to the UK. He then remarried, but his second wife, also from Gambia, turned out to be a serial bigamist. Determined not to let the experiences put him off, David is now dating a third Gambian woman.
Queen Victoria spent holidays at Osborne House on the Isle of Wight. A railway station was built at Whippingham to serve the Royal residence. The building is now a five-bedroom family home on the market for £625,000.
Larry Kramer, 79, says he believes what's written in his history book is true though he is selling it as fiction to avoid legal troubles. In Volume One of his two part book 'The American People,' Kramer says that Abraham Lincoln was gay and his killer John Wilkes Booth was actually Lincoln's spurned gay lover. 'It's called a 'novel,' but that's just to keep the lawyers away from me,' said Kramer who has long wanted to write a book on gay history.
Ben Sunderman, 19, from McKinney, Texas, has Down syndrome and was determined to get a job off his list of things to do before turning 21. During a video filmed by his mom last week, he reads a letter to her that tells her he has been accepted for a special education internship with Embassy Suites. After he finishes reading the letter, he shouts 'I get it. I get the job!' as he rushes over to his dad and leaps into his arms.
Elspeth McKendrick, 16, was left shattered after being diagnosed in 2012. Her parents said she was 'happy to be odd and eccentric' but was'very much in denial' about her condition and felt unable to discuss it with anybody. Last August she was found hanged in her bedroom after leaving a note. For confidential support call the Samaritans in the UK on 08457 90 90 90, visit a local Samaritans branch or click here for details.
The site has launched to mark the 81st anniversary of the 'Surgeon's Photograph' - an image of the mythical monster from 1934. Google partnered with Catlin Seaview Survey and Adrian Shine from the Loch Ness and Morar Project to capture the images. The tech giant has also released a Google Doodle to commemorate the anniversary and changed the yellow Pegman to a Nessie peg-monster.
Kenneth Crowder, 41, was arrested in Melbourne, Florida, on Friday after being spotted running naked through a neighborhood calling himself God. He was also spotted committing an undisclosed sex act on a tree. When police arrived on scene, he had put on jeans and a T-shirt and walked toward the officer in an aggressive manner as he called himself God. A police officer shocked him with a Taser twice, but each time he pulled the probes out of his body and attempted to fight the officer. The officer then punched Crowder in the face and he fought back, claiming he was Thor and attempting to stab the officer with
'Plus-size' model Laura Wells has revealed the extreme dieting measures taken by her'skinnier' model room mates in New York. They were told to stick to a diet of 'one cracker and a couple of glasses of water' before Fashion Week. Her comments come days after France passed a law banning excessively thin models from participating in Paris Fashion Week.
Britain's five highest-earning NHS dentists are paid £690,000 a year. The figure is almost five times the Prime Minister's £142,500 pay packet. A further 11 dentists were paid between £400,000 and £500,000. More than 1,600 pocketed £100,000-£200,000.
Prince Abdul Malik, 31, wed Dayangku Raabi'atul 'Adawiyyah Pengiran Haji Bolkiah, 22, in Brunei's capital, Bandar Seri Begawan. The enthronement ceremony took place in the lavish settings of 1,788-room palace, Istana Nural Iman. The newlyweds' matching gold outfits were both embellished with diamonds, while blushing bride Raabi'atul carried a bouquet made of dazzling gems.
Boston took a 6-5 lead in the 19th inning on Saturday morning on a sacrifice fly by Mookie Betts. Chase Headley and Mark Teixeira hit home runs for the Yankees in a game interrupted by a power outage for 16 minutes in the 12th. The longest game in the history for both teams pushed past 2am on the East Coast.
Lesley Jonathon Cameron was jailed for life on Tuesday for the horrific December 2013 murder of Maureen Anne Horstman, 67, and her 26-year-old daughter Tamara Alexandra Horstman. Cameron, who was 19 at the time, also raped Tamara but it is not known if she was alive or dead. A used condom with DNA evidence was found after the incident, The West Australian Supreme Court heard. Cameron described himself as a 'walking time bomb' and that he told police he had taken ice and speed.
Rescue the Anorexia Girl was available to download on Amazon and Android. Players have to throw food at the girl who appears in one of nine holes. If the player misses the girl she starts to lose weight until she dies.
Aer Lingus and Ryanair have reignited their feud on Twitter. Ryanair posted a cheeky promotional photo of its staff in Terminal 2. Aer Lingus took to the social networking site to mock Ryanair.
Police in Malawi have been ordered to shoot anyone caught attacking albinos. Tanzania's prime minister has urged citizens to kill anyone found with albino body parts. Albino youngsters in Burundi are being housed in special accommodation. At least 15 people with albinism have been killed, wounded, abducted or kidnapped in East Africa in the past six months. Body parts of those with albinism are prized in black magic and witchcraft.
Irina, 29, stars in Linda Farrow eyewear's Spring Summer 15 campaign. Behind-the-scenes video shows model writhing around a pool. She teams the retro-inspired sunglasses collection with a plunging metallic swimsuit.
WARNING: GRAPHIC CONTENT. Contest held in the forests of the diamond-rich Sakha Republic in eastern Russia. Dogs have to bark loudly and as menacingly as they can to find the bear. Attacks by brown bears on humans are a danger in many parts of Russia.
Pamela Clothier was admitted to hospital forcing her to leave her home. But the 92-year-old's family was under the impression she planned to sell the house. Her beloved dog Mitzy was also taken to a local animal sanctuary and later re-homed. After returning to find the house empty, the pensioner has criticised the charity. Age UK apologised and said it had reviewed its procedures since the incident.
David Cameron says recovery must be seen in every part of the country. He warns that not just ‘on the screens of the traders in the City of London’ Latest figures show that there are 2million more people in work than in 2010.
Brett Matthew Paul Thomas, now 56, and his friend, Mark Titch, were convicted in 1977 after committing the murders during robbery or burglary attempts in Orange County. Thomas, who was 18 at the time, and Titch, who was 17, were both sentenced to life with the possibility of parole.
The search zone for missing flight MH370 will be doubled if nothing is found in the huge undersea area now being scanned for wreckage. Malaysian Airlines flight MH370 disappeared while travelling from Kuala Lumpur to Beijing with 239 people on-board. The airplane, which spectacularly vanished last year with 239 people on board, is believed to have crashed in the Indian Ocean off Australia's west coast. Australian Deputy Prime Minister Warren Truss said the expanded search will 'cover the entire highest probability area identified by expert analysis'
Callum Ryan, 21, will run a marathon in each of Australia’s eight states and territories, nine months, 337.56 kilometres. His ‘Eight Great States’ campaign is driven by his passion to make a difference after the loss of his friend, Malachy Frawley who died from heart disease in 2013. Every day in Australia, eight babies are born with a heart defect. Every week, four precious lives are lost and vital research needs to take place to work out of how to save them.
Usain Bolt posted the video of him with Obama to his Instagram account. Obama praised the six-time Olympic champion saying 'Nobody's ever been faster than this guy. Ever...of all the billions of people' He then asked Bolt to show him the pose before the pair busted out in the sprinter's signature pose for cameras.
Ukip's second MP Mark Reckless faces an uphill battle to keep his seat. The Rochester and Strood MP defected to Ukip to trigger the by-election. Mr Reckless had a majority of just under 10,000 when he stood for the Tories in 2010.
'I really feel that you need to tone it down a little bit,' said kindergarten teacher Cheryl Meyer, 'if you want to become president of the United States' Meyer said it would be difficult for her to explain to her young students why it's okay for a presidential figure to say'shut up' and 'idiot'
Danielle Davis says she looked to her faith when she was faced with the prospect of losing her husband Brian in 2011. Doctors told her they would have chosen to pull the plug had they been in her position. Eventually, Brian started to improve and miraculously spoke the words 'I'm trying' one day weeks after Danielle took him home with dismal prospects.
Omar Hussain, 27, used to live at home with his mother and work as a security guard at Morrisons before he travelled to Syria. The jihadist has been promoting himself as an amateur Islamic thinker, regularly attempting to write about daily issues faced by jihadists. Entitled 'Dealing with sisters and social media', the lazy fighter dishes out his best advice for handling the ladies.
Xu Weiguo clambered out on to the ledge when police failed to talk her down. Video shows him grabbing her arm as she appears to be pushing herself away. He holds on to her right arm and is seen calling for someone to assist him before a colleague also clambers out on to help.
15 years ago, Jennifer Lopez's Versace gown captivated the world. Google executive, Eric Schmidt, said it was his inspiration for Google Images. Before Google Image Search, web surfers could only search through a page of text divided by 10 blue links. This meant they first had to click on these links before finding out if J Lo's dress was featured. When Google Images was launched in July 2001, the site offered access to 250 million images. Just ten year later, that figure reached more than 10 billion.
The 30-year-old gave birth to a healthy baby boy named James Hunter on Tuesday afternoon. Despite her critics' claims that her unusually trim figure could be harmful to her unborn child, it seems their fears were unfounded.
The man was Tasered at Pearson International Airport in Ontario. He was trying to enter a restricted area but refused to abide by security protocol. Most sound is muffled because it is filmed from behind a glass window. However a loud cry can clearly be heard when the man is Tasered. He was transferred to a nearby hospital after being detained under Canada’s Mental Health Act.
Residents in Aershan, Inner Mongolia, feared the end was near. Sky turned blood red for nearly an hour on Wednesday afternoon. No official comments have been given on what caused the phenomenon.
Created by artist Paul Erard in Swiss city of La Chaux-de-Fonds. Petite pistol measures just two inches long but fires with one joule of power. The gun currently holds Guinness World Record for smallest working revolver. And the bullets it fires also appear in the book as tiniest live ammunition.
Scientists detected the complex organic molecules in a disk of gas and dust around a star 455 light years away where planets are likely to be forming. Discovery is a boost for finding alien organisms and suggests the conditions that spawned life on Earth are not unique to our solar system. Radio telescope observations showed the disk surrounding the million-year-old star MWC 480 to be 'brimming' with the complex carbon-based molecule methyl cyanide.
Naked bodies of young couple found stuffed in boxes in northern India. Man's legs had been chopped off and put inside metal trunks. His partner was found wearing a set of glass bangles traditionally worn by women.
Dame Helen Mirren, 69, said she was in her prime age-wise in the 'unfortunate' 1970s. Described the decade as 'horrible' for women. Was speaking ahead of the release of her new film Woman In Gold.
Rev. Al Sharpton was accused of barring him from funeral of Walter Scott. New York Daily News said family wanted him to avoid 'circus' of attention. Sharpton said report is 'bogus' and he will attend Scott's funeral on Saturday. He will preach at North Charleston's Charity Missionary Baptist Church. Scott was shot dead by Officer Michael Slager after a traffic stop on April 4.
Burnt material, which includes approximately just over four ounces (118g) of cremated bone, was uncovered by Oxford Archaeology. It was placed into a pit with a diameter of about three feet (one metre) and then backfilled with soil. Three radiocarbon dates, two from bone fragments and one from charcoal, have confirmed the remains are around 7,614 years old. Pit shows ancient people understood how to create a pyre that was hot enough - at over 600 C - to completely burn a corpse. It hints that people respected the dead enough to cremate them and not simply abandon them, as has been
Random Darknet Shopper randomly purchased items for sale on the deep web. It then mailed the items to an art exhibition in St Gallen, Switzerland. The robot then put the items on display in the form of illegal drugs. Swiss police raided the exhibition and seized the computer and the drugs. The drugs were later found to contain 90mg of the class-A drug MDMA.
Braylon Robinson, one, was playing at a house in Cleveland, Ohio, on Sunday. Another three-year-old boy found unattended gun and pulled the trigger. Bullet struck infant in face; he was rushed to hospital, where he later died. Now, investigators are trying to determine where gun came from and who was responsible for leaving it in the house. Cleveland Police Chief Calvin Williams said the person responsible for leaving the gun will likely face charges in relation to the shooting.
Doug Hughes, the postal carrier from Florida who flew a gyrocopter onto the lawn of the U.S. Capitol, is facing two criminal charges. He was charged with operating an unregistered aircraft and violating national airspace. Hughes was released on his own recognizance and instructed to check in with authorities in Tampa starting next week. Homeland Security Secretary Jeh Johnson said Thursday that the copter 'apparently literally flew in under the radar'
Kevin Andrews was asked to name the leader of Islamic State on ABC's 7.30. He said he was unable to do so for 'operational reasons' Earlier that day, the Federal Government announced 330 troops would be leaving for Iraq.
Peter Fox, 26, was arrested at Euston Station in London this morning. He was wanted for the murder of his mother and sister in Liverpool. Bernadette, 57, and Sarah Fox, 27, were found half a mile apart in Merseyside. Mrs Fox died of asphyxiation while her daughter was repeatedly stabbed. Her family have said they are 'absolutely devastated' at their loss.
The tracks were found in Ileret, northwest Kenya, in 2009. They are the oldest known human footprints in the world. Analysis of the prints showed they had been made by Homo erectus. This is an extinct species of early human that disappeared around 200,000 years ago. They were among the longest surviving of all the human species - surviving for around 1.5 million years.
The sandstorm swept across Saudi Arabia, Oman and the United Arab Emirates. It reached as far east as India and Pakistan over a period of seven days. It caused chaos across the area's major cities including Riyadh and Dubai. More than 450 Saudi Arabian Airlines flights were cancelled between Wednesday and Friday.
Tens of thousands of Aussies are accessing foreign content via a VPN. The technology alters their IP address to bluff their way around restrictions. HBO has warned users, who are watching shows such as Girls that will be cut off on April 21.
This is according to Sean Raymond, an astrophysicist with the Laboratoire d'Astrophysique de Bordeaux in France. He has taken a look at how life can form on rogue planets. A planet needs to keep warm for liquid water to form, and without the sun, this heat would have to come from its interior. Rogue planets are of particular interest to astronomers because they represent objects that have likely failed to form into a star.
Heather Hironimus, who fled with her 4-year-old son to keep his circumcision from going forward has filed a civil rights lawsuit on behalf of the boy. The complaint is repeating her claims that surgery on her 4-year-old son isn't necessary, that the boy doesn't want it, and that his constitutional rights are being violated. Aside from seeking to stop the procedure, Hironimus is trying to avoid her own arrest. Her arrest was ordered after she fled in February and ignored a judge's demand that she appear in court and allow the circumcision to go forward.
Being underweight in mid-life could increase your risk of dementia. Obese people appear to be protected against dementia, say researchers. Findings contradict many previous studies which have suggested that being fat – with a high Body Mass Index (BMI) - could raise the risk.
Corporal Christian Walmsley was found dead in his flat in Bolton. The father-of-three had served in the First Gulf War and Bosnia. After retiring from the army he was diagnosed with post-traumatic stress disorder. Inquest heard he had previously taken an overdose and told his family he had tried to take his own life. Coroner Alan Walsh recorded a verdict of misadventure at his inquest.
Prime Minister and his wife joined worshippers at the Gravesend Gurdwara. They chatted and posed for selfies at the temple in Kent earlier today. Mr Cameron wore a traditional orange patka and wife Samantha a blue headscarf.
Zara Phillips said she was surprised at how hard it was to get back into shape. The 33-year-old has a strict exercise and diet regime to get in shape. She said she hopes to be part of the eventing team at the 2016 Olympics.
Mountain lion, known as P-22, was found in crawl space of Los Feliz home. Animal welfare officers fired tennis balls and beanbags to try and get him out. But the cougar - who lives in nearby Griffith Park - was not moved. He left the area in the early hours of Tuesday, and is now heading back to park.
New study by independent political magazine Mother Jones determined the yearly cost of gun-related violence in the US to be over $229 billion. The investigation was spawned by the 2012 mass shooting in Aurora, Colorado, in which 12 people were killed and 70 injured. The magazine set out to determine the amount of money the survivors and victims' families would need based on medical expenses, lost wages, court costs, therapy and impact on quality of life. The investigation expanded to account for all the victims of gun-related violence in the US based on yearly figures from 2012. At least 750,000 Americans have been injured by guns over
British jihadis have posted pictures of food smuggled into Syria from Turkey. Food items include Burger King, Pringles, Oreos and mojitos. Comes as four Britons were arrested on their return to Britain from Turkey.
The TV star wore a frown as she left her New York City apartment on Tuesday. Dr Fredric Brandt, 65, was found dead at his Miami mansion on Sunday.
Number of bottles of fake tan sold in 2014 fell by nearly a quarter from 2013. Value of sales down by 19.3 per cent to £14.5million, according to data. Product used to be a favourite of many celebrities including Victoria Beckham and Sam Faiers.
Kingsley Burrell, 29, died in police custody on March 31 2011. He was arrested after calling police to say he was being threatened with a gun. He was sectioned and died four days later at the Queen Elizabeth Hospital. Today his sister told an inquest he was handcuffed for six hours. She also claimed he was denied access to a toilet so he wet himself.
Peggy Siegal said that the voting panel objected to having a British director paint their country in a bad light. She said that Steve McQueen would not win as the Academy did not want such a dark message about the US to be ‘sent around the world’ Details were included in a database of 30,287 documents and 173,132 emails that was uploaded to the WikiLeaks website.
Protein promotes production of immune cells called cytotoxic T-cells. They can detect cancerous cells, hunt them down, and destroy them. Previously unknown protein - which they named the lymphocyte expansion molecule or LEM - dramatically boosted the body’s number of T-cells. Therapy would use existing T-cells taken from individual patients.
Police in Florida are investigating a possible road rage incident after a woman filmed a man throwing a bottle of liquid at her vehicle while driving his van. Michelle, a 32-year-old mother, said the white van drove through a red light at about 2:30 p.m. on Tuesday and almost hit her vehicle. She said she followed the man and taped him after he swerved in and out of traffic while speeding on a stretch of road that has two school crossings. Further down the road, she said, the driver got out of his van in traffic and made rude hand gestures at her. Police have identified the
Beatrice Tollman made most recent donation of £20,000 to Tories earlier this month. She has previously been charged with conspiracy to evade millions of dollars in tax. But charges were dismissed by a judge and she has since donated £50,000. Her husband Stanley Tollman pleaded guilty to tax evasion in 2008.
Dave Brockie, the late frontman of GWAR, was found dead in his Richmond, Virginia, home March 23, 2014. A medical examiner later determined that the 50-year-old musician died of accidental drug overdose. A lawsuit filed last Thursday by William Brockie, Dave's father and the administrator of his estate, seeks $1million in compensatory damages.
Camilla, 67, is celebrating 10 years since becoming Duchess of Cornwall. Poll reveals she is loved by 50 per cent of Britons and 56 per cent by Charles. Prince Charles recently praised her for her 'charm and charisma'
The parents of missing William Tyrrell have released new pictures and home videos of the three-year-old. The videos show the lively boy riding his bike down a path and playing around his home. William was last seen dressed in a Spider-Man suit and playing in his grandmother's yard in broad daylight in Kendall last September. Police believe he was snatched during a very short window of time when he was out of sight of his family as he played outside.
Prime Minister says Easter is 'time to reflect on the part that Christianity plays' in our national life. Praises the Church as a 'living, active force doing great works' for the poor and homeless. condemns the persecution of Christians following the massacre in Kenya.
Photographer Dieter Klein travelled the world to find vintage cars left to crumble in leafy forests and fields. He came across a range of mysterious graveyards hosting all sorts of vehicles, including a rare Jaguar XK120. Dieter, 57, from Cologne, first came across a Citroen truck that had been dumped in a bush six years ago.
The Australian descendants of eight ANZAC veterans have proudly showed off their relatives' wartime medals and photographs. Photographer Mark Kolbe travelled around Australia to meet the grandchildren, great-grandchildren, sons and daughters of just some of the brave members of the Australian armed forces who landed in Gallipoli nearly 100 years ago. Amongst the keepsakes held by the relatives are letters sent by soldiers informing their loved ones of their discharge from the Australian Imperial Force. Black and white photos show the servicemen on horseback and playing with their army football teams.
March's average temperature was 56.4F (13.6C), which is 1.5F (0.85C) above the 20th century average. This was the highest for March in the 1880–2015 record, surpassing the previous record of 2010 by 0.09F (0.05C) NOAA scientist Jessica Blunden blames the heat on El Nio and climate change. Last month, the US National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration now predicts that there is now a 50 to 60 per cent chance El Nio will continue through the summer.
Jameela Jamil, 29, is convinced her teeth - or rather, the dental work done on them - triggered a host of health problems. Blood tests showed she had high levels of mercury. She spent £3,000 on having them all removed and replaced with white fillings.
Shinjiro Kumagai is a'mild mannered' clergyman at a local Buddhist temple. But after the days work is done, he dresses up as iconic Japanese sci-fi TV hero Kamen Rider 1 and takes to the streets to lay down the law. Unlike some superheros, Kumagai has the full support of police and even dons an armband certifying him as an official drink-drive patrolman.
Bridesmaids star Rose Byrne and Gracie Otto have joined forces with four other female actors and directors. The five women have launched a film production company called The Doll House. They want to bring a female body to the film-making industry.
Kyle Major, 14, punched father-of-two Paul Walker in the back of the head. Mr Walker, 52, was thought to be unconscious before his chin hit the ground. He was found face down in a pool of blood by a passerby in early hours of New Year's Day. Judge lifted reporting restrictions on naming teenager after he pleaded guilty to manslaughter at an earlier hearing. He was ordered to be detained for three years at Preston Crown Court.
Sonnenspeicher uses a lithium iron phosphate battery to store energy. This is gathered during the day by solar panels fitted to a roof. This energy is used throughout the day, and any excess is stored. Rather than selling this excess electricity to the grid, and potentially having to buy it back at a later date or time, homeowners can use this stored supply to power their home. Prices start at 8,450 (£6,170) and the system will last for 20 years.
The Park Hyatt New York hired Michelle Obama's favourite designer, Narcisco Rodriguez, for a uniform revamp. The Shangri La Hotel in Toronto opted for local designer, Sunny Fong, when overhauling their lounge dresses and champagne room uniforms. MailOnline Travel looks at most well-dressed hotel staffs around the world.
Gavin Tobeck of Lacey, Washington suffered from a broken cheekbone, jaw and nose bridge, and needed sections of a rib to repair his eye sockets. The boy also lost five baby teeth and three permanent tooth buds. Following a ten-day quarantine to check for rabies, the dog is scheduled to be euthanized by Thurston County Animal Service on Saturday.
Doug Hughes, 61, was arrested after landing his gyrocopter on the U.S. Capitol lawn to protest campaign finance laws. Hughes' wife Alena says she is proud of her husband and said he is a 'patriot' Alena and Hughes have been married for thirteen years and have a 12-year-old daughter.
Annah Sophia Stevenson found a cockroach in her Big Mac on Saturday. The 26-year-old mother of one ordered the meal from Blenheim McDonald's. She took to Facebook to post her disgusting experience. McDonald's have organised to pick up the evidence from Ms Stevenson.
The men were part of a group of five divers from the East Coast and San Francisco. They dove into rough waters off the coast of northern California in search of abalone. The annual abalone season brings divers out into the rough waters. Abalone is a prized delicacy that sells for up to $70 per pound.
Chanel, 19, claims the process will 'keep the skin looking soft and tight' The vegetarian model also claims to have eaten placenta, gone on fasts and put her body through many detoxes in her quest to stay young.
With the rouble in trouble, Russians are freezing at home in India's flop-in-the-sun state. Goa has 11 hours of sunshine a day at this time of year.
Chamali Fernando was speaking at a hustings event last night when she made the suggestion. She said wearing wristbands indicating a person's condition would help doctors, lawyers and police officers. The Tory candidate insisted her remarks were 'distorted', adding: 'It was not that they should wear a wristband. That would be draconian'
The spectacular crash on Saturday wrote a green Lamborghini off and wrecked a red Ferrari. Both drivers have been charged with dangerous driving and detained. The crash occurred two hours before 'Fast and Furious 7' broke the record for midnight screenings on its launch in China.
Passenger on Alaska Airlines Flight 448 from Seattle to Los Angeles heard banging from cargo hold and alerted the captain. Pilot turned back to Seattle-Tacoma International Airport and made an emergency landing. Unidentified airport worker told authorities he had fallen asleep. He was taken to a hospital as a precaution after passing a drug test.
Brian Karl Brimager, 37, was indicted by a federal grand jury in San Diego, in connection with the death of Yvonne Lee Baldelli. He has been in custody since June 2013 on charges including obstruction of justice and falsifying records related to the investigation. The 42-year-old woman from Laguna Niguel, California, was last seen in September 2011 when she arrived in Panama with Brimager. The indictment alleges that Brimager murdered Baldelli, dismembered her body and disposed of her body parts in a remote jungle area.
More than four million people will be stuck on hospital waiting lists. A further 20 million unable to get a doctor's appointment within a week. Andy Burnham warned the NHS 'cannot survive' another five years of Tories.
Viv Nicholson, 79, became rich overnight when she scooped £152,319 in 1961. The win, on a football betting pool, would be worth up to £5million in today's money. The pair, from West Yorkshire, splurged cash on expensive cars, designer clothes, holidays and partying. However, tragedy struck when Mr Nicholson died at the wheel of his blue Jaguar in which led to Mrs Nicholson being declared bankrupt. She managed to reclaim some of the money after a lengthy legal battle, but lost it all again from poor investments on the stock market. She later suffered a stroke in 2011, which her
Daniel, five, made comment as Labour leader wheeled out his children for cameras. It is the fourth time they have appeared on screen during the campaign. But it led to accusations that Mr Miliband lives an ‘Upstairs, Downstairs’ lifestyle.
Players of the online game are tasked with escaping Syria and making it into Europe. Grim outcomes include being separated from your family by human traffickers, women being sold between militia groups, and refugees being beaten over the head. Twitter users reacted furiously to the game, which appeared on the BBC site last Wednesday.
The City of Miami Police Department confirmed that Dr Fredric Brandt's death on Sunday was a suicide by hanging. An autopsy was scheduled on Monday, the coroner confirmed. Columnist Lesley Abravanel told Daily Mail Online that Brandt, 65, had been 'devastated' by comparisons to Dr Franff on Tina Fey's Netflix show, Unbreakable Kimmy Schmidt.
Radical left Syriza party says Germany owes Greece nearly 279billion euros. The demand comes just days before Greece is obliged to pay 450million euros to the International Monetary Fund. Greece suffered a brutal occupation at the hands Adolf Hitler’s forces in 1941.
The 30-year-old lingerie model and animal rights activist from Los Angeles gave birth to James Hunter earlier this week. She came under fire last month for posting a string of sexy selfies showing off her seemingly rock-hard abs.
UK stylist and blogger Lily Melrose shows you how to update your wardrobe. She shows you how to add a pop of colour to your favourite pieces.
The Whole Damn Farm contains two beef burgers, 100g of ham chunks and a 150g whole battered and fried chicken thigh. Creation of chef Sam Longhurst, head chef of Splendid Kitchen, Manchester.
Prince Harry arrived in Australia on Monday for his month-long secondment. He visited the tomb of the Unknown Soldier in Canberra before reporting for duty. He then took an hour-long break in the tiny township of Wuggubun. Residents described him as 'delightful' and said he'd return.
Original manuscript and lyrics to American Pie up for auction in New York. The 16-page collection is expected to fetch up to $1.5million (£1,006,303) The original manuscript also reveals a deleted verse, which was crossed out and never recorded. McLean, 69, says writing the song was 'a mystical trip into his past'
Thibaud Jean Leon Vallet, 24, and his cousin Jean Mickael Batrikian, 18, pleaded guilty to animal cruelty at Fremantle Magistrate's Court on Friday. Using a deodorant can and lighter, the men torch the defenseless creature which quickly scampered away. Both men were on a working holiday and were spending three months in Rottnest Island working as cleaners. They were each fined $4000 and will be held behind bars for seven days if they fail to pay the fines.
Jeff and Joey Stallings, both in their twenties, fell seriously ill earlier this month. They collapsed after smoking synthetic marijuana in McComb, Mississippi. Suffered hallucinations, vomiting, night sweats and violent shaking. They were placed in medically-induced comas and had to be put on life support. Fortunately, the pair were able to return to home on April 13. But they are now facing serious - and permanent - medical issues. Their mother, Karen Stallings, has appealed to others not to smoke drug.
Two-page booklet details President Barack Obama's expanded Deferred Action for Childhood Arrivals (DACA) and Deferred Action for Parents of Americans and Lawful Permanent Residents (DAPA) policies. Those policies are currently on hold by a court order. Critics of the pamphlet say that it encourages a false sense of security in immigrants who are in the country illegally and that it is 'flaunting the law'
Victoria Beckham posted a picture of her husband sporting grey hair. stylist believes celebrities are responsible for the change in attitude to going grey. George Lamb is a serious trendsetter, helping to make it cool for young men to embrace the grey.
NHS handed out 404,500 prescriptions for suncream at a cost of £13million in 2014. 4.7million prescriptions for indigestion pills cost £29million and 1.4million written out for multi-vitamins, at £4.2million. Critics have branded items as 'ludicrous' at time of financial crisis.
The teenager from the Henan province in central China has been labelled 'too beautiful too look at' Has gained over 400,000 followers on her Chinese social media account Weibo. One of the comments about the underage girl has over 24,000 likes. She reportedly underwent the procedures to win over an ex boyfriend.
Harold Henthorn was charged with the murder of his second wife, Toni Bertolet, 51, last November. Police have reopened their investigation into the suspicious death of his first wife, Lynn Rishell, some 20 years earlier. In both cases Henthorn was named as the sole beneficiary in a string of lucrative life insurance policies totaling $500,000. And Lynn Rishell's brother's wife, Grace Rishell, has opened up to say that the FBI told her about a secret $400,000 life insurance policy Henthorn had taken out on her. She said that the FBI told her about a secret $400,000 life insurance policy
The fast-casual chain removed carnitas pork burritos from roughly a third of its locations in January. It only uses humanely-raised pigs that have not received added hormones. Fewer than five per cent of pigs in the US are raised in a way that meets Chipotle's standards.
WARNING: GRAPHIC CONTENT. Milton Vieira Severiano, 32, dragged wife Cicera Alves de Sena, 29, into garden. He slammed her head into concrete paving 11 times and punched her in face 10 times. He returned with handgun and shot her in the face five times at point blank range. Later confessed he'd carried out brutal act 'because he was jealous of men looking at her'
A 4-foot-tall plaster bust of Edward Snowden was erected in Brooklyn's Fort Greene Park early Monday morning. The 100-pound sculpture took six months and $30,000 to make out of a high-quality plaster-like material. The New York City Parks Department covered the sculpture with a blue tarp and hauled it away at noon.
Sharista Giles of Sweetwater, Tennessee woke up on Wednesday after being in a coma for five months. The 20-year-old was five months pregnant when she went into a coma after a car accident sent her to the hospital with injuries so bad doctors believed she would never recover. A month later doctors were forced to deliver her son, who the family calls Baby L, who she saw for the first time Wednesday. Baby L is doing well, but still in the neonatal intensive care unit at the University of Tennessee Medical Center.
The surrender of Confederate Gen. Robert E. Lee to Union Lt. Gen. Ulysses S. Grant 150 years ago on Thursday was a milestone event in the end of the Civil War. Thursday's commemoration in Appomattox, Virginia, included a reenactment of Lee's last clash with Grant's troops. Ahead of the battle reenactment, the boys of the Confederate 11th Virginia were a seemingly cool bunch.
Luigi Costa, 71, is accused of killing his elderly neighbour Terrence Freebody in the dining room of his home on Mugga Way, Red Hill, Canberra in July 2012. Forensic psychiatrist Professor Paul Mullen examined Costa after the attack. He believes there was evidence of the accused's state of mind declining in the lead-up to the incident and also during the event.
On April 15, 2013, two bombs exploded near the finish line of the race, killing three and injuring more than 260 people. On Tuesday, the family of eight-year-old victim Martin Richard helped unveil four commemorative banners at the site. Jeff Bauman, who lost both of his legs in the blast, was accompanied by Carlos Arredondo, who helped save his life. Boston Mayor Marty Walsh declared April 15 'One Boston Day,' when Bostonians are encouraged to perform random acts of kindness.
Blanca Cousins, 15, fell to her death from luxury Hong Kong apartment block. Her father Nick Cousins, 57, left court clutching the hand of his Filipino wife Herminia Garcia, who has been charged with wilful neglect. Mr Cousins was also arrested on suspicion of 'ill treatment' after it emerged Blanca's birth had not been registered. He has not been charged and is currently on bail.
Education Secretary Nicky Morgan orders inquiry into impact on schools. Comes six months after Ofsted warned of an 'influx' of migrants. Immigration has played a low-key role in the Tory election campaign.
Kevin Dixon, 35, offered to take friend's Akita-type dog for a walk. He was worried it might bite one of the children sleeping in the house overnight. Dixon hacked the animal to death with an axe seven times. He was convicted of causing the dog unnecessary suffering. He was given a suspended prison sentence and banned from keeping animals.
Joshua Vaughan, 17, was last seen on a platform at Chapeltown, Sheffield. Shortly before his death, his girlfriend sent his mother a message on Facebook. She said he was on a platform and that 'he was going to end it' Mrs Vaughan called the police, but by the time she got to the station, Joshua's body had already been found on the line.
Being overweight (with a BMI of 25 to 29) had an 18 per cent lower risk of dementia. Obese (with a BMI of 30 plus) did even better. Being underweight increased the dementia risk by 39 per cent.
Brae Carnes of Victoria, British Columbia is protesting an amendment to a Canadian transgender rights bill. The amendment would allow business owners to determine if they want to allow transgender individuals to use facilities corresponding with their gender. 'I’m actively showing them what it would look like if that became law and how completely ridiculous it is,' says Carnes.
Scott Kemery, 44, was rushed by helicopter to Stony Brook University Hospital on Long Island with first and second degree burns. Police said that Kemery started the blaze with his ill-timed cigarette break in the parking lot of the King Kullen supermarket in Eastport.
Manhattan real estate publicist and freelance writer Kelly Kreth has been penning letters to murderers behind bars to find out exactly what makes them tick. Six years and 600 prison letters later, Kreth says she's learned that a sociopath is a person 'who wants to feel like the smartest person in the room' 'They do it for the thrill,' she said, adding that she does not condone any of the perpetrators crimes.
CCTV footage shows man casually approach a white Range Rover in north London. Within seconds he climbs into the car and opens the door without a key. He then sits in the vehicle for 30 seconds before starting the engine. He then reverses the car off the driveway and drives it down the road. Police are now appealing for information to trace the thief.
Kimberly Waddell Macemore, 25, of Wilkesboro, South Carolina, was sentenced on Tuesday to a total of not less than 12 months nor more than 34 months in prison. The sentence was suspended for 36 months and she was placed on supervised probation. Macemore had a casual sexual relationship with one of the young men, but had enjoyed a longer and more involved relationship with the other.
Olive Fowler was caught by police at JFK airport on April 12 after taking a Caribbean Airlines flight from her hometown in Guyana, South America, to New York. Authorities said they spotted her'sweating profusely' and 'avoiding eye contact with officers' so they pulled her aside to conduct a search. After patting her down in a private room, investigators reportedly felt a 'dense hard material' under her clothes.
Labour councillor Ben Grower refused to deal with constituent because they supported Ukip, it has been claimed. Alan Roberts wrote to Bournemouth Borough Council complaining about a lack of action over fly-tipping. He signed off his email with: 'That's why I'll be voting Ukip' Mr Grower, leader of authority's Labour group, responded: 'As you now appear to be a supporter of a racist party please do not send me any further emails' A formal complaint has been lodged against Mr Grower and the council is investigating.
'The Diggers are Dole Bludgers' has attracted more than 360 likes since the page started in late January. The page claims that the Australian armed services promotes the thoughtless killing of innocent civilians. Despite multiple reports to Facebook as 'hate speech', the page remains live.
Norwich scientists have developed an adaptor for colour blindness. Eye2TV can be plugged into any HDMI port on a TV or a computer monitor. A remote control or app then adjusts the colour adjustment. It allows colour blind people to watch shows they otherwise couldn't' The team is seeking £100,000 ($150,000) of funding on Kickstarter.
Jericho Scott was killed early on Sunday while he sat in a car in New Haven, Connecticut. He had five no-hitters in the team's first eight games of the season before being told he could no longer pitch for his team because of his 40mph fastball. The murder was the city's fourth homicide of 2015 and its first youth killing of the year.
Many of our big brands are shrinking their products. The latest casualty are boxes of Cadbury's Fingers. They will contain two fewer chocolate fingers from now on.
Rihanna Cooper, 21, from Hull, was born Bradley Cooper. At 16, she became youngest person in Britain to be accepted for gender reassignment. But she rebelled against the treatment programme and abandoned it. She is now saving to pay for gender reassignment privately. She is working as an escort to fund her surgery.
White female student, who has not been identified, pictured in Snapchat photo. She wrote that 'n*****s' were to blame for University of South Carolina WiFi. Her reasons included 'incompetent' professors, 'ratchets' and overpopulated campus. But at the top of the list was the word 'n*****s', according to the snap. Girl was a member of campus's Kappa Delta Chapter sorority until last year. Now, she has been suspended and faces USC code of conduct inquiry. Picture marks third racially-charged incident on college campus in past week. At Duke
Stoke's Charlie Adam scored stunning 66-yard strike against Chelsea. Midfielder belted ball into net after noticing Thibaut Courtois well off line. Shot travelled at 45.1mph and Courtois was unable to deflect it away. It has been compared to other legendary long-range goals from Beckham and Alonso.
Elizabeth Sedway, 51, from Granite Hill, California, posted an emotional video on her Facebook page Monday showing her family being kicked off a packed plane. Mrs Sedway, who suffers from multiple myeloma - a rare form of plasma cancer - said the airline was concerned she might collapse during the eight-hour flight to San Jose. After being asked to leave the plane, Mrs Sedway emailed her oncologist in California and he gave her the green light to fly, but she told the local NBC affiliate in a phone interview that the airline was not satisfied.
Former BBC economics editor Stephanie Flanders broke silence over fling. She described it as 'fleeting and very costly' on Twitter yesterday. Last week it emerged she had been'secretly' dating Ed Miliband in 2004.
The Queen, who turns 89 today, is a keen equestrian and is a regular rider. Last week, she was spotted crossing her fingers at the Newbury Races. Her sense of humour was on full display as she spoofed James Bond. The Queen is also an enthusiastic equestrienne and loves polo.
Kenyatta Leal is the first graduate of The Last Mile, the world’s only prison-based tech incubator. He is one of 15 prisoners who were selected from about 200 to undergo six months of business training with Silicon Valley entrepreneurs. The aim is for each to develop a business idea to embark on after their release as most struggle to find work 'on the outside' Now paroled, Leal is lobbying investors to back the unprecedented method of criminal rehabilitation: teaching cons about technology.
The pair allegedly worked as a team to manipulate the results of a full body scanner at a security check-point in Denver International Airport last year. The TSA received an employee tip-off in November last year that an employee had admitted to 'groping' men who came through security. The female employee was questioned and admitted she had taken part in the assaults on unsuspecting passengers a total of 11 times.
Medics told Margaret Hesketh's family there was little they could do for her. They claim she was put on discredited Liverpool Care Pathway-style treatment. Had fluid and nutrition drips removed six days before she passed away. But post-mortem found no sign of cancer and she died of pneumonia.
Andrea Dossena was arrested on suspicion of shoplifting on Tuesday. The 33-year-old now plies his trade with League One strugglers Leyton Orient. Dossena scored the winner for Liverpool against Real Madrid in 2009.
Jade and Ross Morley have welcomed twins into their family, making their son Floyd-Henry, who has Achondroplasia dwarfism, a big brother. Harrison Stone Morley and Cleo Téa Morley were born at 37 weeks on March 20, meaning the Morley household now has three children under 20 months- a fact Jade said is 'crazy' The couple released a video to explain Floyd's condition to their friends and family, in a bid to make their community a kinder place for their 'little legend'
Figure went up from 16 to 31 per cent among men named Nigel. YouGov’s head of political research said the idea was to look at whether a person’s first name had any bearing on how they voted.
The Royal Commission into Institutional Responses to Child Sex Abuse in Rockhampton began its first day on Tuesday. 13 former residents of Neerkol orphanage in Queensland have given evidence. Former residents have described being locked in rooms, starved of food and water, being forced to drink their own urine for hydration and to lick their own vomit. Claims of being raped by a broom handle to being gang raped to being forced to drink their own urine.
Officer Michael Slager, 33, is charged with murder after shooting dead Walter Scott, 50, after reportedly stopping him over a broken tail light in North Charleston, South Carolina, on Saturday. His attorney Andy Savage told CBS that Slager is housed in a room with one small window and does not have any interaction with any other detainees at Charleston County jail. He said that when he met Slager on Wednesday for 60 minutes, that it took an hour and 45 minutes to move the North Charleston police officer to the meeting place because they had to clear all of the cell blocks. Jail staff member said: 'He wouldn
Sir James Dyson is attempting to solve the problem by investing £10 million in U.S.-based battery experts Sakti3. The 67-year-old entrepreneur is supporting the company as it attempts to double the battery life of our phones. According to a recent poll, nine out of ten people feel stressed if their phone battery run out.
Justin Whittington, 23, was arrested on Friday in Bakersfield, California, and charged with child cruelty. Surveillance video shows a man chasing a toddler then hitting him in the face. The relationship between the toddler and Whittington has not yet been revealed by police. The owner of Vest Market Harry Dindral said the man was the boy's father and said that he's seen them in the store together before.
Conversation Sparks Tumblr blog has hundreds of interesting facts to kickstart a conversation. Cartoons by illustrator Ryan Chapman have been designed for when you find yourself in the middle of an awkward pause. Blog has now been turned into a book called Conversation Sparks: Trivia Worth Talking About.
Ryan Reynolds was the victim of a hit-and-run in a hotel parking lot, according to his publicist and Vancouver police. The incident took place on Friday when the 38-year-old was struck by a car while walking in the residential parking garage of the Shangri-La hotel. Vancouver-born Reynolds, who earlier this year became the father of a baby girl named James, has been in the city shooting his new film, Deadpool.
The car, which was carrying 12 passengers, crashed when a blown tire caused the 2006 Ford Expedition to overturn Saturday in Martin County, on central Florida's Atlantic Coast. Authorities say 38-year-old Uriel Miranda died at the scene and his 2-year-old daughter Yaretsi Miranda died Saturday evening at a hospital. Eight-year-old Yordi Miranda died Sunday at a hospital.
The USS Independence is resting 800m underwater off California's Farallon Islands with its hull and deck very well preserved and clearly visible. There also appears to be a plane in the hangar bay of the vessel, scientists with the National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration said on Thursday. Veteran ship even survived an atomic bomb test after being chosen as a 'target vessel' for Operation Crossroads on July 1, 1946. Controversy surrounds its sinking as some believe the ship was loaded with barrels of radioactive waste.
Tokyo's Narita Airport has installed cushioned running tracks in its new Terminal 3. To save money, the airport installed the tracks in honour of the 2020 Olympics. The new terminal will primarily be used for low-cost carrier departures.
Joanna Flynn worked at Georgian Bay General Hospital in Ontario. The 50-year-old was arrested on Thursday and charged with manslaughter. It is thought it is the first time a health care professional has been charged for switching off a life support machine in Canada.
The Rensselaer Polytechnic Institute in New York has pushed back its planned screening of the controversial Iraq war film. It said it will still show the Oscar-nominated movie but with an educational forum follow-up to allow students to discuss the film. A number of students have said the postponement was an act of censorship and an attack on free speech.
Emma Watson celebrates her 25th birthday today. She has carved a career that many of us can only dream of. But how has the actress made the transition from Hermione to a feminist heroine?
Tewksbury Police Department came under attack by criminals in December. They infected their network with a form of Internet malware called CryptoLocker. Program infects through an e-mail and then scrambles the data on the computer. It caused police systems to be down between four and five days. Only files that were not corrupted were 18 months old. Cops were forced to pay the ransom in the untraceable digital currency.
Tiny Digby was abandoned on the street next to a set of bins in North London. He was rescued by the RSPCA and taken to a centre in Hertfordshire. There he quickly became inseparable from 9st mastiff Nero.
Lucy Gransbury wrote a two-page rant claiming her neighbours were keeping her awake at night. She followed up by dropping a thank you card and some gifts over the fence to the seven or eight men who lived there. After a month of not hearing back from any of her boisterous neighbours, Jershon Witehira posted an equally cheeky reply on his Facebook page opening with 'My dearest Lucy' Witehira said although others may find her crazy he thinks Gransbury is brave and creative.
Liverpool manager Brendan Rodgers has been convicted of leaving a property in Accrington to rot. The Anfield boss was ordered to pay £400 and £375 costs, with a £40 surcharge at Blackburn magistrates' court. Rodgers and his business partner Judith O'Hagan were found guilty of ignoring an improvement notice issued by Hyndburn Council. Both Rodgers and O'Hagan, who bought the property in August 2007, were absent when found guilty at Blackburn magistrates' court.
Henry Howes was playing claw game at the Snowdome in Tamworth, Staffs. When he reached too far, he slipped under the trap door and was trapped. It took staff half an hour to free the youngster, who was unhurt.
Man recently returned from Algeria and wanted to complain about the weather. The 44-year-old walked into a police station in Oldham, Greater Manchester. Great Manchester Police tweeted a warning about wasting time.
Kim Rose is running for Nigel Farage's party in Southampton Itchen. He is being investigated by police over claims he tried to 'corruptly influence' voters. The Ukip candidate laid out snacks at an event, which also featured snooker star Jimmy White. Electoral Commission rules state food and entertainment cannot be provided by parliamentary candidates if their provision is intended to influence votes. Mr Rose, 57, branded police involvement as 'absolutely ridiculous'
Study analysed DNA from 21,566 men convicted of sex offences in Sweden. It found sons and brothers of convicted sex offenders were four to five times more likely to be convicted of sex crimes than men in the general population. Shared genetics were a factor in 40 per cent of cases, with the remaining 58 per cent of cases stemming from environmental factors not shared between family members. Genetic factors were also found to be stronger for child molestation (46 per cent) than for adult rape (19 per cent)
Dr Unt Tun Maung fondled vulnerable teen's breasts during routine exam. 43-year-old was working as locum GP at Teesside medical centre in 2012. Father-of-one had spent 12 years working in the NHS, court heard. He was jailed for 18 months and put on sex offenders' register for 10 years.
The most popular spring flowers are daffodils, tulips, sweet peas and peonies. Other popular spring flowers include narcissus, hyacinths, ranunculus, lilacs, delphiniums and boronia.
Michael Munday has taken to social media to post love notes dedicated to the love of his life, Melissa. The Sydney man has posted 135 tweets about his ex-girlfriend and has about 23k followers. Mr Munday says by gaining retweets, 'likes' on his Facebook page and using hashtags #michaellovesmelissa it will prove how much he loves Melissa.
The family are in the Holy Land for what was described as a private two-day visit. Archbishop Aris Shirvanian, an Armenian church official, confirmed North's baptism.
Samantha Cameron revealed her love of alternative group Polia this week. The American band are inspired by a radical feminist who described pregnancy as ‘barbaric’, and their songs feature violent imagery. Mrs Cameron, 43, comes from an aristocratic background and was educated at Marlborough College.
Angela has anencephaly, a birth defect in which babies are born without parts of their brain and skull. Sonia and Rony Morales decided to 'keep her no matter what' Angela celebrated her first birthday on March 23 alongside their four-year-old daughter Elizabeth.
Airline's parent company Lufthansa organised free flights for victims' families. Woman 'flew to the region twice after falsely claiming to be teacher's cousin' Police are investigating the possible fraud and the alleged culprit will be questioned. All 150 people on board the flight from Barcelona to Dusseldorf died.
Michael Gove said he could not rule out further cuts to child benefit. Chief whip said the Tories would not cut benefits for the disabled or pensioners. But refused to rule out further cuts to child benefit to reduce deficit. Comes after George Osborne last month refused to rule out cuts.
Jared Quirk, 18, fell to the ground while walking with friends in Athens. He was taken to hospital but died of unknown cause on Friday. Two other students at Rockland High School in Massachusetts died in six months - Joshua Rose on October 1 and Patrick Sullivan on New Year's Eve. Authorities have yet to announce cause of death.
An estimated 957,000 shoppers in the US ordered Apple Watches on Friday. This surpassed expectations - even Apple's own retail chief Angela Ahrendts. She said customers won't be able to buy an Apple Watch in store 'through the month of May' due to 'high global interest combined with our initial supply' Ms Ahrendts added it had not been an easy decision and would provide more updates as the firm gets 'closer to in-store availability'
Baby elephant breaks tail-to-trunk chain as it walks alongside herd. Video was captured at Whipsnade Zoo, Bedfordshire, by a visitor.
Porsche have put their newest vehicle to the test in a mesmerising world-first stunt in the Australia Outback. The video depicts the 918 Spyder clocking 350km/h as it rockets down a dead-straight stretch of road. The car was driven by New Zealand professional race car driver Craig Baird. The video is part of a promotional tour from Porsche to promote their 918 Spyder, a limited edition $900,000 supercar.
WARNING: GRAPHIC CONTENT. Defendant filmed throwing kitten against a door and flushing it in the toilet. He claimed he was high on 'white rhino' - super-strength cannabis - and was being egged on by friends when the abuse occurred. Tilly was held by her tail and dangled in bathwater. RSPCA inspectors found her that she had to be put to sleep. Owner Sarah Reeves was also given a ten-year ban from keeping animals.
Bosnian town of Buzim has more than 200 sets of twins in a population of 20,000. Local journalist Nedzib Vucelj noticed the phenomenon when his wife Emira gave birth to twins during the 1992-95 civil war. He has set up a Facebook page to identify more sets of twins. The town's mayor Agan Bunic has backed the initiative believing it could help drive tourism in the area.
Private hospital in Harley Street says increasing numbers of people are seeking its help after being given bad advice or poor treatment elsewhere. Up to 120,000 Britons have laser eye surgery each year to correct long and short-sightedness.
Mohammed Khubaib, originally from Pakistan, befriended girls in Peterborough. 'Hooked' them with alcohol in attempt to make them 'compliant' to sexual advances. Khubaib, 43, would pursue interest 'away from his home and family' Father of five groomed vulnerable under-age girls by giving them money. He was found guilty of forcing a 14-year-old girl to perform a sex act on him. His friend Manase Motaung, 32, was cleared of raping a 16-year-old.
Veteran CBS News 'Face the Nation' moderator Bob Schieffer announced Tuesday at the Texas journalism school named for him that he'll be retiring this summer. It's not his first retirement announcement but, at age 78, looks like it has a good chance of sticking. Schieffer began at the political affairs show 'Face the Nation' in 1991, asking direct questions to politicians in a Texas twang. CBS This Morning Anchor Gayle King, who was present when the news broke, uploaded a photograph of Schieffer to Instagram, along with the caption 'Oh what a nite! @bob schieffer announces he
Nancy Kanwisher, 56, is a professor at the Massachusetts Institute of Technology. Clip shows the scientist chopping at her shoulder-length bob with scissors. Graduate student then uses an electronic razor to shave the rest off. The short video was posted on Ms Kanwisher's Brain Talks website.
The video shows a group of female jihadis firing machine guns and practising drills in Syria. All of the women are fully veiled, making it hard to identify individuals but it is possible the group may be linked to Islamic State. Standing on their parade ground, the radical women are shown shouting jihad slogans and attempting to use their AK 47 rifles.
The notice has been fixed outside a university building in Portugal Place. But the message contains grammatical errors, according to one expert. It warns that bikes will be'removed or destroyed' if they are left behind.
Mohammed Emwazi planned to join al-Shabaab in Somalia, source says. But Londoner changed his mind after two of his friends were killed. Emwazi believed al-Shabaab had been infiltrated by Western spies, source says. Instead he travelled to Syria where he became synonymous with beheadings.
Floriane de Lassee has been photographing cities of insomnia for at least ten years. She found her inspiration in a police recreation room, where officers would play table tennis. Her photos can make a viewer wonder why this man is still up while others are sleeping.
Grace Rebecca Mann, 20, was found dead in her home in Fredericksburg, Virginia, about 3pm Friday. She was the daughter of a juvenile and domestic relations court judge in Fairfax County. Her older male roommate, Steven Vander Briel, 30, was home when the two women stumbled upon the body, but ran out of the house. Briel was arrested two hours later in a church parking lot. He has been charged with first-degree murder and abduction.
Aldi has increased its share of the premium ale market by a third. Tesco has lost market share but is now worth £490million. Aldi, Waitrose and Lidl have all increased their market share.
Stephanie Scott was last seen on Easter Sunday, when her disappearance sparked a widespread search for the much-loved teacher. Her body was discovered on Friday evening around 5pm in Cocoparra National Park north of Griffith, NSW. Vincent Stanford, 24, was charged with Ms Scott's murder on Thursday. Police will reportedly make inquiries with authorities in the Netherlands to determine if Stanford had any relevant history there.
Spain's Queen Letizia, 42, was at Madrid Casino for the Woman Awards. She presented actress Salma Hayek, 48, with an award. Letizia also debuted a new bob haircut at the event.
Mike and Susan Fortuna, of Shelburne, are accusing Allergan of failing to warn of dangers, negligence and breach of the Vermont Consumer Fraud Act in treating their daughter, Mandy. Mandy Fortuna suffered from cerebral palsy and was treated for spasms using Botox off-label. In November, a Vermont jury awarded a New York family $6.75 million in their lawsuit against Allergan.
Star Trek actor George Takei helped halt the action of 450 photos and artifacts from World War II Japanese-American internment camps. The collection includes 63 photos of people of Japanese descent who were imprisoned over fears they were spies and dozens of arts and crafts they made. The auction was halted thanks, in part, to Takei, who lived in an internment camps in Arkansas as a child. Roughly 120,000 Japanese Americans were incarcerated at 10 relocation camps after the December 7, 1941, Japanese bombing of Pearl Harbor.
Five people have died since vigilantes started looting and attacking shops owned by immigrants. Police fired stun grenades and rubber bullets as immigrant gangs confronted the vigilantes. More than 200 immigrants had to take refuge in a police station and dozens of businesses were closed.
Mackenzie Moretter, of Shakopee, Minnesota, has a rare genetic disorder called Sotos Syndrome that has delayed her development. She told her parents she wanted a 'big-girl party' for her tenth birthday. But after her parents sent invitations to several of her fourth grade classmates and heard no response, her mother decided to do something about it. Jenny Moretter went on Facebook and posted in several groups asking families with girls Mackenzie's age to stop by their family home to celebrate. The response was overwhelming and more than 700 people joined a Facebook event she titled 'Mackenzie's Birthday Party
Newington College in Sydney's inner west notified parents and students of child sex abuse allegations dating back 35 years. Headmaster David Mulford sent an email out on Monday ahead of a pending court case. He said the case referred to alleged incidents from more than 35 years ago and asked anyone with grievances to come forward.
KGI Securities analyst Ming-Chi Kuo said the next-generation iPhone will feature Force Touch, recently added to the Apple Watch and new MacBook. It recognises typical scrolling and pinching gestures, but additionally tracks the pressure of a person's click and responds accordingly. Claims were made in a note to investors on Tuesday. Apple released its iOS 8.3 update yesterday. In addition to 300 new emojis, Apple also rolled out Wi-Fi Calling on more networks.
The research was carried out by the Humanitas Clinical and Research Centre in Milan. It involved two dogs sniffing the urine of 900 men - 360 with prostate cancer and 540 without. Dog one got it right in 98.7% of cases, while for dog two this was 97.6%. Prostate cancer is the most common cancer in men in the UK, with more than 40,000 new cases diagnosed every year.
Teresa Swarbrick died on April 8 after reportedly getting into trouble in the water near Julian Rocks off the coast of Byron Bay in NSW. Lifeguards and paramedics were unable to revive her with CPR. Mrs Swarbrick’s husband Alan posted on her Facebook page: ‘This is one of the few messages I have ever posted on facebook but it is by far the hardest I will ever need to'
Richard Graham is fighting to retain the marginal seat of Gloucester. The Old Etonian former diplomat was accused of posting the tweets to ‘ingratiate himself’ with voters. Zac Evans, 19, was killed in a machete attack outside a pub in Gloucester.
Palaeontologists at the University of Alberta examined a pair of fossils found in Mongolia, which were first described in 2001. They found signs of sexual dimorphism in the length and shape of blade-like bones called chevrons, which point downwards from the vertebrae near the base of the tail. They suggest that male oviraptorosaurs had broader and longer chevron bones in their tails so they could shake their feather-tipped tail to woo potential mates.
Rebecca Sedwick leaped to her death from the roof of an abandoned concrete plant in Lakeland, Florida in September 2013. A month after her death, two schoolmates were arrested for'malicious harassment' but the charges were dropped when police could not find any evidence. Katelyn Roman's family has now filed a lawsuit against the sheriff's department, accusing them of using Rebecca's death for'media attention'
After Saturday's episode of BGT, Ofcom received 21 complaints over trick. ITV received a further 35 while RSPCA said it would be contacting BGT. Believed Miss Wendy's 'false mouth' was triggered by remote control.
WARNING: GRAPHIC CONTENT. ISIS claims to have executed three men accused of being Assad agents. The men were blindfolded and driven to an execution point in Deir ez-Zo. They are forced on to their hands and knees before being beheaded.
Sidonie, a well known band from Catalonia, created a tongue-in-cheek tune. The group explained that they composed the tune after experiencing a 'lack of respect shown by Ryanair flight attendants' Ryanair, however, wasn't as impressed with the band's performance. Robin Kiely, a spokesperson for the airline told MailOnline Travel: 'Sidonie? More like sit down mate'
Claudetteia Love, a senior at Carroll High in Monroe, Louisiana, said she was planning on going to the prom without a date and with a group of friends. Principal Patrick Taylor told Love that the decision was dress-code related and that she shouldn't take it personally. 'I feel like he's taking his values and throwing them on my daughter because of what her preference is and what she represents,' Love's mother said.
The city of Naypyidaw is shrouded in secrecy after the government decided to move the capital from Yangon. The super-sized highways have up to 20 lanes and are built to be big enough for government SUVs. The residential areas are carefully organised into 1,200 four-storey apartment blocks. The roofs of the buildings are colour-coded by the jobs of their inhabitants.
Socialite Noelle Reno has broken her silence four months to the day since Scot Young's death. The tycoon was killed after falling 60ft from his multi-million pound apartment onto metal railings. Ms Reno labels his death a'suicide', pre-empting any coroner's verdict. The inquest was adjourned in December and no date has yet been set to re-open it.
Preston Wright, 23, killed his girlfriend, Sarah Owen, 21, after he stabbed her several times with a knife then turned the weapon on himself at a house in Norman. Eyewitnesses said that Owen arrived at the house and was attempting to move her things out of a garage when the argument escalated. Police found the couple dead with knife wounds and evidence indicates that the man attacked the woman with a knife and then turned the weapon on himself.
A recent surge in jellyfish numbers has moved tourism group Stay In Cornwall to reassure swimmers that the water is fine. The theory that covering the affected area with urine has also been debunked, with NHS now recommending the best product to use now is shaving cream.
Julie Walters, 49, has been jailed for two and a half years after admitting three counts of burglary at Manchester’s Minshull Street Crown Court. She posed as both a council warden and a church official to bluff her way into sheltered housing complexes to steal from vulnerable residents. Caught by police after she was spotted on CCTV loitering in the communal hall of a retirement property near to the Old Trafford football ground. Today, police issued CCTV images of Walters hanging around outside the complex after she admitted three counts of burglary.
Two raiders used sledgehammer and an axe to try and break into a shop. They were foiled by a brave employee who barricaded the door. The criminals fled on motorbikes after threatening a member of the public. Police have appealed for the public to help identify the raiders.
People with rapid eye movement sleep behaviour disorder (RBD) move around in their sleep and 'act out' their dreams. It could be an early warning sign of Parkinson's disease, researchers said. RBD affects 0.5% of the population or 35 million people worldwide. It can be managed with high doses of the sleep hormone melatonin or low doses of the anti-anxiety drug clonazepam.
Celebrities have tried-and-tested techniques to flatter their figure. FEMAIL has pulled together the simple but effective celebrity-favoured styling tips.
Around 1.3 billion Chinese people marked the Qingming Festival, a three-day holiday in China, by travelling home. Families across the country descended on graveyards to clean their tombs of the deceased and honour their loved ones. As part of the Qingming Festival – which means 'pure brightness' – China celebrates the coming spring and the beauty of nature.
The Air Malta passenger jet took off from Malta's international airport. The flight was to celebrate the wedding of two of the airline's crew. The Airbus A319 flew two circuits around Malta before skirting the Italian coast.
Holidaymakers watched in horror as a cannonball fired from a wooden trebuchet struck a medieval boathouse overlooking River Avon. Blaze ignited roof of boathouse, which was unoccupied at the time, causing it to erupt into flames at about 5.45pm yesterday. Wooden trebuchet is the largest working siege machine in the world and is effectively a colossal catapult. Up to 30 firefighters attended the incident and fire chiefs confirmed no one was injured by the blaze.
Puren was youngest brother of the final Qing monarch Puyi, who ruled for four years until 1912. The 96-year-old died on Friday after being taken to hospital with pneumonia in February, his family said. He had been suffering from poor health and memory loss in recent years.
Surveillance footage shows 40-year-old Todd Phillips being struck at full speed as he flags down one of his drivers during Sunday's inaugural Indy Grand Prix of Louisiana. He flips forwards and performs a somersault before co-workers rush over to check he's okay. Amazingly Phillips of Franklin, Wisconsin, only sustained minor injuries to his leg which required six stitches.
Kate shared the anecdote during a party to celebrate Goring Hotel's 105th birthday. She chatted to guests including luxury travel agent Claudia Gordon. Prince William had left pregnant Kate and son George in London. His visit to China was one of the most high-profile – and diplomatically sensitive – tours of his fledgling royal career.
Mikaela Jane Davidson was born April 4 at Brigham and Women's Hospital. Her father, Dr. Michael Davidson, 44, was shot dead at the hospital January 20 by Stephen Pasceri, 55. Pasceri's mother, Marguerite, died last fall. Dr. Davidson and his wife, Dr. Terri Halperin, have two daughters, 10, Live, 8, and their 2-year-old son, Graham.
HBO has launched its HBO NOW channel on the Apple TV box, iPhone and iPad. The channel is available in the US for $14.99 (£9.90) a month. It will include all past, present and future HBO programming. This includes Game of Thrones, the Sopranos, Veep and Silicon Valley. Announcement comes weeks after Apple cut the price of its Apple TV device from $99 (£65) to $69 (£45) in an effort to make it competitive with the likes of Google Chromecast.
Shadow Welsh secretary Owen Smith said party cannot 'get rid' of Trident. Around three quarters of Labour candidates back scrapping Trident. But the party has committed to maintaining the deterrent in its manifesto.
Labour has moved two points clear of the Tories – despite just one in three voters thinking Ed Miliband is 'capable' Miliband's party has jumped to 35 per cent, up one point from last month. The Tories meanwhile remain stuck on 33 per cent, according to the pollsters Ipsos MORI.
Barack Obama made an unscheduled stop at the Bob Marley museum. The president was on an official visit to Jamaica when he made the stop. Obama is the first U.S. president to visit Kingston since Ronald Reagan in 1982.
Chrissy posted a picture of her thighs showing off their stretch marks. She received praise from fans who said that'real women' have stretch marks. Pink hit back at critics who criticised her weight at an event. She said she was 'perfectly fine, perfectly happy' and 'cheesecake'
Hamza Parvez, known as Abu Hamza al-Britani, travelled to Syria in May 2014. He is now living with a group of English speaking fighters in Raqqa, Syria. Hamza's friend Abu Mariya al-Belgiki recently bought himself a pet cat. The hapless Belgian wrote: 'Marriage for the mujahideen is a big problem here... There is no ethnicityjahiras'
The Australian navy has allegedly returned up to 50 Vietnamese asylum seekers to their home country in a secret operation. The asylum seekers were intercepted earlier in April, and are being returned through the port of Vung Tau, south of Ho Chi Minh City. The HMAS Choules would cost $2.8 million to operate for the two-week return journey to Vietnam.
The onetime rising Republican star made the argument in a 54-page brief in the 4th U.S. Circuit Court of Appeals. A three-judge panel of the court will conduct a hearing on his appeal of his public corruption convictions on May 12. McDonnell and his wife, Maureen, were convicted in a joint trial in September of accepting more than $165,000 in gifts and loans from former Star Scientific Inc. CEO Jonnie Williams.
Pro-cannabis protestors gathered in London's Hyde Park today. Campaigners called for the drug to be legalised as part of annual '420' event. Dramatic images captured the moment four police officers took down a man. He was just yards from a prominent police sign which read: 'Possession of cannabis is illegal'
Several people were injured during the violent protests in Melbourne. Two people were arrested in Melbourne after they attempted to break through a police barricade that separated the different groups. Across the country, 16 rallies were scheduled to take place, with events in Sydney and Melbourne drawing the biggest crowds. The protests came as Pauline Hanson, leader of One Nation, defended the anti-Islam protests and said imposing halal certification on Australians was wrong.
Remy Dufrene, 3, of Raceland, Louisiana, was in the kitchen with his grandmother when he ran out the back door as she was pouring him a glass of milk. The old woman tried to chase after the young boy, but soon after there was a loud scream as he fell into the drainage ditch. His father searched for the boy's body but it took him 15 minutes to find his son in the ditch.
Wardens at Windsor Castle have voted for industrial action in pay dispute. Staff claim they are expected to carry out extra duties for no extra money. Union says Queen and Royal Family should not 'abuse' workers' goodwill.
Liam Dawe, 21, was violently shaken as a four week old baby in 1993. He developed severe cerebral palsy, epilepsy and visual impairment. He also suffered scoliosis, epilepsy and an unprotected airway. Liam died at Derriford Hospital in Plymouth, Devon in March last year.
The 40-year-old's son Cooper Blue and daughter Kingsley Rainbow were born on Monday via a surrogate. A spokesperson for the couple confirmed to People that they 'are celebrating the birth of their twins'
Tanguy Pepiot, a steeplechase runner for the University of Oregon, had a clear lead on rival Meron Simon, who competes for the University of Washington. But at a track meet Saturday in Eugene, Oregon, a crowd of more than 3,000 people saw the distance evaporate after Pepiot raised his hands in pre-emptive joy.
Between Friday and Sunday 5,629 migrants were picked up in the Sicilian Channel. Italy is the first port of call for migrants seeking new lives in Europe. 160,000 made the journey last year, often on unseaworthy and overcrowded vessels.
More than half of 28 industrialised nations reduced aid budget between 2013 and 2014. Britain's failure to follow suit means its overseas aid spending of 0.7 per cent of national income is double the average. Out of every £100 spent by these Western nations on overseas aid, no less than £14 now comes from the UK.
According to medical experts, festival-goers actually run the risk of picking up illnesses like the flu, Norovirus, Salmonella, and even hepatitis A. This is the first year that Coachella has installed permanent restrooms, instead of setting up notoriously dirty portable toilets.
Foreign-born blacks made up 8.7 per cent of the black population in 2013. About 50 per cent of the black immigrant population hail from the Caribbean. Immigrants from Ethiopia, Nigeria and Ghana make up about 15 per cent.
Esher and Walton has seen average income tax bills jump by 8% in a year. They paid the most income tax in 2012/13, with bills averaging £16,900. Average annual income is £59,600 - more than £30,000 above average salary.
Currently, Google Wallet's user agreement says funds are not protected by the FDIC. But with the new change to its policy, funds in Wallet Balance are protected if anything were to happen to the company like bankruptcy. For users with FDIC insurance, they would receive their money from the government in a matter of days.
Mass graves found at Saddam Hussein's presidential compound in Tikrit. Believed to be final resting place of up to 1,700 soldiers killed by ISIS. They were killed at Camp Speicher last summer in 'crime' of being Shi'ite. Families have been left wondering what became of their sons and brothers.
Afzal Khan accused of conning customers and financial firms at his dealership. The 32-year-old, originally from Edinburgh, is now on the FBI's Most Wanted list. He is accused of obtaining loans for cars he never delivered, but for which the purchaser was still responsible. Khan also offered to sell cars for customers, and then neither returned the cars nor provided any money from car sales.
Jackson Byrnes was diagnosed with a stage four brain tumour three weeks ago. The 18-year-old was told it was too deep and aggressive to operate on. His family turned to social media and crowd funding to raise money. In nine days over $76,000 was raised for the Casino teenager's surgery.
Nicolas Diaz, 81, allegedly stabbed to death his granddaughter's ex-boyfriend. Kevin Rivera, 21, and Amber Diaz, 20, had got into a dispute at their home. Couple had just returned after celebrating daughter's first birthday party. Diaz allegedly stabbed Mr Rivera with a knife, before fleeing the scene. He has since been charged with manslaughter and criminal possession of a weapon.
European Court of Human Rights rules Russia did not breach father's right to a family life when he was deported in 2011. Robert Muradeli, 45, went to live there more than 20 years ago and has a Russian wife and son. Home Secretary Theresa May is hoping to kick illegal immigrants and foreign criminals out of the country.
Girl, six, sexually assaulted by boy of same age in classroom and playground. Police powerless to act because age of criminal responsibility in England is ten. Girl's mother says school officials refused to remove boy from class. She says she has now had to move her daughter to another school.
Timothy Norris-Jones left 92-year-old mother with bruises on her face. She also had a cut on her right wrist that needed stitches, a court heard. 59-year-old admitted two counts of ABH and was cleared of one count of GBH. He was handed a 20-month jail sentence, suspended for two years. He will have to wear electronic ankle bracelet enforcing strict 12-month curfew.
Jennie Anne Kehlet, 49, and Raymond Keith Kehlet, 47, were last seen on March 22 in an area called Table Top near the gold prospecting and mining town of Sandstone. The couple are understood to be amateur prospectors. Police are focusing on a search area of 10 square kilometres, however a search aircraft with forward looking infrared (FLIR) equipment has examined an area of 625 square kilometres so far.
Raheem Sterling filmed apparently inhaling legal high nitrous oxide. Drugs charity Re-Solv has called on the footballer to apologise to fans. The 20-year-old is seen smiling and breathing in gas from a balloon. When the camera pans back to him, he is either unconscious or has fallen asleep. It comes days after he was pictured puffing on a shisha pipe.
Lawyers have warned differences in defamation law in Northern Ireland mean controversial US expose HBO's 'Going Clear' might not be broadcast. Film alleges abusive practices at the religion's US headquarters. It was due to premiere in the UK earlier this month to coincide with its American release. But the fact that Northern Ireland is not subject to the 2013 Defamation Act means Sky is set to postpone or cancel the show entirely.
Kim Copeland, 52, was walking home from Sainsbury's in Coventry. She threw used cigarette on ground before two council officers arrived. Issued with £50 fixed penalty notice following incident in October last year. But she refused to pay it within ten days in protest at how she was treated. After failing to pay she eventually received letter ordering her to court. She was fined £304 by magistrates who also ordered her to pay £200 costs.
Sources told the Wall Street Journal that the four-man team spends its days devising and testing different technologies from the flexible to the wearable. Google has been working on similar projects since 2012 when former Apple battery expert Dr Ramesh Bhardwaj began leading a testing team. Last month, Apple began recruiting experts to help boost the battery across its range of mobiles and laptops.
New York Governor Andrew Cuomo said Friday that 'Spice', also known as 'K2' or 'Mojo', is sweeping the city. 160 people have been hospitalized in nine days after using the drug. Over 120 of those people were admitted to Emergency Rooms in the same week. The cannabinoid, also commonly called 'K2' or 'Mojo', is predominantly abused by teenagers and typically sold over-the-counter as incense or potpourri.
More than half of UK children don't have any veg. 44 per cent have no fruit on a daily basis. Annabel shares her tips on how to encourage children to eat veg.
Campaigners, police and MPs have accused Alison Saunders of ignoring rights of victims and failing to clear speculation of a cover-up over her decision to spare Lord Janner. Ms Saunders said it is her job as head of CPS to make ‘very difficult decisions’ which are not necessarily popular. Decision not to charge Lord Janner despite evidence of 22 offences against nine victims was justified because he was in such poor health due to Alzheimer’s Disease.
Tory MP Sajid Javid promises legislation to put age verification on porn. If porn websites fail to comply, they will be blocked by regulator. Mr Javid's pledge is a victory for the Daily Mail's Block Online Porn campaign.
Artist Catalina Viejo, 31, paints miniature pictures from candid paparazzi shots. Has worked on stars including Kim Kardashian, Katy Perry, Miley Cyrus, Rihanna and Beyoncé. Bite-sized series is aptly titled 'A View of the End' and is currently on display at the SHAG Gallery in Brooklyn, New York.
Russell Brand urges his nine million Twitter followers to sign up to the mercy campaign to save Bali Nine duo from facing death row. He labels Andrew Chan and Myuran Sukumaran's efforts to smuggle 8kg of heroin out of Indonesia as 'daft drug smuggling' 'These Aussie blokes are going to be killed soon for a bit of daft drug smuggling (they've done 10 yrs already) HELP!' he tweeted. He also encourages his fans to attend an exhibition of Sukumaran's work organised by his cousin who lives in London to be held at Amnesty International's London headquarters today.
Women's race has been held since 1927 further up river at Henley. But after years of campaigning for equal billing, they were finally given equality with the men. Oxford, who entered the race as favourites, took the lead within the first few minutes and never looked like losing it.
Levar Jones, 36, was pulled over for a suspected seatbelt violation in Columbia, South Carolina. Officer Sean Groubert, 31, opened fire as Mr Jones reached for his wallet. The shocking incident was captured on the officer's dash cam. Groubert has been sacked and charged with felony assault. Mr Jones said he wanted non-lethal methods introduced for police.
The baby was found on the floor of the roach infested apartment with bites on her legs and head. Brittany Cherokee Dawn Bell of Bartlesville, Oklahoma, appeared in Washington County District Court via video monitor from jail on Monday. The charge of child neglect was pursued by authorities over homicide as the Medical Examiner's Office could not determine the cause of death.
High-flyer and close ally of Nick Clegg is on course to lose his seat. Would be one of the highest-profile casualties of the SNP surge. Plan is to keep the 42-year-old MP as Chief Secretary to the Treasury.
Dutch and Canadian scientists asked 100 men and women to fill in a questionnaire every time they spent at least five minutes talking to someone else. They felt friendlier, listened more, gave more compliments and were more likely to make compromises.
Francis Pusok, 30, seen falling off horse he was suspected of stealing. Seconds later, two deputies catch up to him and stun him with Tasers. They then kick him in head and crotch, before other officers arrive. Chillingly, after beating, one deputy whispered in suspect's ear: 'This isn't over' Ten San Bernardino County officers have now been placed on paid leave. Sheriff John McMahon said video appeared to show excessive use of force.
UK-wide gang offered cheap erectile dysfunction pills to online and face-to-face customers around the world. Neil Gilbert made up to £60,000 a week selling unlicensed and counterfeit drugs to unsuspecting customers. Proceeds were laundered through more than 100 bank accounts both in the UK and abroad.
Churchill Downs, which hosts the annual Kentucky Derby on May 1st and 2nd, has banned the use of selfie sticks by attendees. A spokesman for Churchill Downs said the selfie stick ban was designed to protect horses and spectators. Other events such as the Coachella and Lollapalooza music festivals also have banned the photo aids.
Elena Udrea is accused of taking £1.3 million in bribes while tourism minister. The 41-year-old is also accused of abusing her position in government. Udrea has strongly denied any wrongdoing and accused anti-corruption officials of being biased.
Face wipes have long been a lazy part of our beauty routine. But a new generation of wipes promise to remove eyeliner and mascara. They also promise to retexturise and brighten skin and even do away with fine lines and age spots.
Hollywood legend, 71, has been a long-time supporter of the Democratic Party. Said if Clinton is voted into the White House there will be 'no surprises' Goodfellas star added: 'She’s a woman, which is very important'
The interactive map was created by researchers at Yale University. It allows you to click on a location and see common phrases for a region. The researchers have also created a guide that lists the different types of sentence structures used across the US. One of the most interesting discoveries is presentative sentences like 'Here's you a water bottle', which was almost unheard of in the South.
Abdul Hadi Arwani, 48, lured to an upmarket street in London on pretence of providing a quote for some building work. But when the imam arrived, the killer got into the rear seat of his Volkswagen Passat and shot him several times. The murder bears all the hallmarks of a professional assassination because the gunman was thought to have used a silencer. Detectives are investigating whether Mr Arwani, a fierce critic of Syrian president Bashar al-Assad, was murdered on the orders of the regime.
ESPN reporter Britt McHenry has been suspended for one week after video of her berating a tow truck company employee surfaced online. The 28-year-old berated the woman for her looks, education and job on-camera. The verbal attack was captured on a security camera as she paid to pick up her car from a parking lot in Arlington, Virginia.
Swastika and word'scum' were sprayed in white paint on offices in Aberdeen. A 'Q' was also added to the blue front door, which some people said stands for quisling - a person who collaborates with an enemy. Ross Thomson, a Scottish Conservative Councillor, posted images of the graffiti on Twitter just before lunch.
Lawrencium was first discovered in 1961 by nuclear scientist Ernest Lawrence. It sits at the bottom of the periodic table at the end of a group of elements known as the actinides, which sit in a separate block from the main table. Researchers have for the first time been able to test how much energy is required to strip an electron from an atom of lawrencium. The results suggest the element may have properties similar to sodium and potassium, which may fuel arguments that it would be better placed in the main body. If it is redraw, chemistry students could have to relearn the order of how
Prime Minister Harold Wilson was convinced terrorists would target the heir to the throne at Caernarfon Castle ceremony in July 1969. Government sent Metropolitan Police officers to Wales to join fight against extremists who had already set off a series of bombs. Targets of the operation were members of the nationalist groups Movement for the Defence of Wales and the Free Wales Army.
The suspect, who hasn't been named, was quickly apprehended but not before he had driven the best part of a mile, abandoned the car and attempted to flee on foot. Birmingham officers responded to a phone call about a burglary in progress on the 300 block of Memphis Street in Wylam around 8:45 a.m. on Sunday. While medics were treating an officer for a cut, the suspect managed to get his hands in front of him and climb into the front seat of the vehicle. He then drove less than a mile to the 4600 block of 9th Avenue Wylam where he abandoned the car
The map shows the average yearly counts of lightning flashes per square kilometer from 1995 to 2013. The Democratic Republic of Congo was found to have the most over the period. According to the satellite observations, lightning occurs more often over land than it does over oceans. And it also seems to happen more often closer to the equator.
Former Prime Minister Kevin Rudd and wife Therese Rein have said goodbye to their family home in Brisbane's east. The tropical Queenslander home still managed to sell for over three times what the couple paid when they bought the house just over two decades ago. The house was snatched up by applied economics Professor Uwe Dulleck, who already owns a home in the area with his wife Monica. The Rudd's paid $116,000 less than Irene and Nicholas Kassos who paid $500,000 just five months before the Rudd's did in 1994.
Ryan Skivington took the pets out of their cage during a row with the girl's mother. The 26-year-old lightweight today admitted criminal damage to the guinea pigs. Also admitted assaulting his former partner Bobbi Jo Houston at her home.
The Eco Experts has created maps plotting which countries have the most threatened mammals. The firm used the World Bank's World Development Indicator for Deforestation and biodiversity figures. Indonesia tops the list because deforestation is leaving many species at risk, including orangutans and rhinos. Madagascar is second on the list with 114 endangered mammals, while Mexico sits in third with 101.
Beatrice 'Dee Dee' Spence, 24, and her uncle, 37-year-old Damon Watson, were struck by 29-year-old Precious Richardson Coleman's SUV. Spence's mother, Danika, had been frying chicken and macaroni and cheese in the kitchen when she ran out to help her daughter. The unattended stove went up in flames, causing a housefire that consumed both the Spences' home and a neighbor's. Coleman turned herself in to police Saturday and is being held on $750,000 bail for attempted murder and related charges.
Monsour Alshammari, 27, is in the U.S. on a Saudi government student sponsorship and has ties to the country's royal family. He was picked up by U.S. Immigration and Customs Enforcement on Friday and a judge in Provo signed an arrest warrant on Monday to extradite him back to Utah. Alshammari had been charged on April 3 with rape, a first-degree felony, and obstructing justice, a second-degree felony.
Rupert Brooke's poem The Soldier made him famous outside of literary circles. His death at 27 from blood poisoning en route to Gallipoli cemented his image as the poster-boy of heroic self-sacrifice. In 2000, love letters between Brooke and art student Phyllis Gardner were discovered. Lorna C. Beckett has turned them into a chronological narrative.
Caribbean island of Providenciales named the best in the world by TripAdvisor. No island in the UK or Australia managed to crack the global top 10. Santorini, Greece, was named the best island in Europe.
Callum Butler was born at just 25 weeks into his mother's pregnancy. He underwent heart surgery, a lumbar puncture, laser eye surgery and 10 blood transfusions in weeks and months that followed. His mother Amanda was later told her premature labour had been triggered by a common infection called bacterial vaginosis (BV) She had never heard of the condition, which can also cause miscarriage. 'I feel like it could have been totally avoided had I been given the right information,' she said.
Sarah Hulbert, 59, worked for Bates President A. Clayton Spencer for a little longer than a month in the summer of 2012. Hulbert claims that Spencer expected her to jog with her at 5:30 a.m. but that she could not because she had surgery on her right foot in the past. Hulbert claims that Spencer asked her to participate in tennis lessons but again she said she would'reluctantly' try because of the injury to her foot.
The Mail on Sunday has been voted Sunday Newspaper of the Year for a third year in succession. The paper has also been nominated for Arts Reviewer of the Year and a Scoop of the Year for reporter Ben Ellery. The Daily Mail was nominated in the daily newspaper category.
Ukip candidate accused of bribing voters with sausage rolls will face no further action. But Kim Rose, 57, could be arrested if he tries the stunt again. He was questioned by police over an alleged criminal offence of 'treating' Mr Rose branded police involvement as 'absolutely ridiculous', adding that voters in Southampton Itchen were unlikely to 'change their mind for a sausage roll'
Images were revealed as part of the first colour map of Ceres. They show variations in surface materials, and revealing the diverse processes that helped shape it. Latest images are the closest taken yet, and suggest that the icy body was likely once fully active. The origins of Ceres' bright spots, which have captivated the attention of scientists and the public alike, remain unknown.
Madonna's new black crocodile handbag has caused a stir for its seemingly drug-related slogan, the word 'dealer' spelled out in bling diamond lettering. FEMAIL takes a look at the worst offenders in the luggage department.
Cathleen Hackney is on trial at Stoke-on-Trent Crown Court. The 56-year-old is accused of arranging her son's cremation in secret. Her ex-husband Paul Barber was said to have been unaware of the plans. No-one attended the early morning cremation of Paul Moreland in 2010. Hackney denies one offence of making a false representation to procure the burning of human remains.
Trinity Culley secretly watched 'One Born Every Minute' in her bedroom. Mother Dee's waters broke two weeks ahead of schedule. Trinity calmly collected towels and reassured her mother everything would be okay. Within minutes she had helped deliver her baby sister, Jasmin Elizabeth-Rose.
The youngster's mother left the buggy in the lobby of their building. It's easier to carry her son to their second floor apartment in Langley Park. But when she went to retrieve it the following morning, it had disappeared. Prince George's County Police have released a piece of CCTV footage which shows a person pushing the empty chair in a parking lot. They're asking anyone with information about the case to contact investigators.
Alexandra Allen, 17, from Utah suffers with the condition aquagenic urticaria. Showers have to be quick and cold - long soaks in the bath are out of the question because they trigger burning inflammation. The symptoms can last from a few hours to a week after exposure.
WARNING: GRAPHIC CONTENT. Disturbing images taken at execution site in eastern province of Ghanzi. Three men are seen sitting with their backs turned away from gunmen. They are then shot in the head at point-blank range by Taliban fighters. Dozens of militants kept guard around execution site, including vehicles.
Tony Hatch and Jackie Trent were married for more than three decades. They composed for Frank Sinatra, Dean Martin, Scott Walker and Shirley Bassey. When Trent died last month, Hatch was expected to be at her funeral. But he was banned by Trent's second husband, Colin Gregory.
Midas recruitment's staff in Sutton Coldfield, West Midlands, helped the ducks. They followed them back to the office and drank from a water bowl. Resourcer Melissa Patrick, 18, who filmed the episode, said it had the whole office in stitches.
Jason McDonald, 34, walked the thin rope line over a pool at the Colorado Gator Farm. He has been involved with alligators for over ten years and has taken handling classes.
The Bouvier's red colobus monkey was thought to have died out more than 50 years ago. Primatologists working in Ntokou-Pikounda National Park have captured the first ever picture of the primate. Their discovery proves that the primate - which was first discovered in 1887 and is only known from three specimens - is not extinct.
The newly-opened Maison Souquet is located steps from the Moulin Rouge theatre. The hotel was designed by Jacques Garcia and features velvet and gold accents. The 20-room hotel describes itself as a 'temple to hedonism'
Farryn Johnson has said the Baltimore restaurant where she worked had an issue with her blonde highlights. An arbitrator determined Johnson was let go illegally and as a result of racial discrimination. He also reportedly said Hooters violated state civil rights laws, as well as federal ones.
Thousands of chickens and other poultry have been culled in India. Officials ordered 250,000 birds to be slaughtered in the state of Telangana. The H5N1 virus can be deadly to humans.
Scientists around the world are bracing themselves for the results of a study by scientists in China that has introduced DNA changes to reproductive cells. The scientific world is abuzz with rumours that the work has been carried out. Many scientists have reacted with horror to the idea, for fear it could be misused to allow parents to'select' the genes they will pass on to their grandchildren. They have described it as 'dangerous and ethically unacceptable' However others argue that the technology could also be used to rid families of devastating inherited diseases like cystic fibrosis or certain cancers.
Wi-Fi Calling feature is designed to facilitate calls and texts when users have no mobile phone signal. Technology is the first roll out of the technology throughout Europe. iPhone users on EE will find their calls and texts automatically connect through the internet when they have no service signal.
Ruben Costa, 35, pleaded guilty to impersonating a member of the police force, but was only handed a two-month suspended sentence. The incident occurred when the Northern Territory man returned home from work to find his wife had left him, taking their son and possessions. The father pretended to be a police officer investigating a crime over the phone, claiming he needed the assistance of taxi drivers in the area. The taxi company put a call out to all staff and subsequently located Costa’s wife and son at women’s shelter.
Khloe, 30, recently revealed she's lost 13 pounds in three months. Reveals her grueling exercise regime is behind her transformation. Is embracing figure hugging jeans and cleavage-baring outfits.
Officer Jared Forsyth, 33, had been a member of the Ocala Police Department since 2012. The accidental shooting occurred about 3.30pm Monday at a gun range at the Lowell Correctional Institution. Forsyth was wearing a bulletproof vest, but the round entered through his arm and went through his chest, police said. He was rushed to Ocala Regional Medical Center in critical condition and was taken into surgery, but he later died. Florida Department of Law Enforcement has been called in to investigate.
Jessica Kensky and Patrick Downes, who lost limbs in the 2013 blast, called for Tsarnaev to be sentenced to life in prison without parole. Last week, the family of bombing victim Martin Richard called for Tsarnaev to be sent to jail for the rest of his life.
The Complicated hit maker was suffering from Lyme disease, which Yolanda Foster of The Real Housewives Of Beverly Hills and Eighties pop icon Debbie Gibson also have. 'I was up against a lot of doctors that told me I was crazy and that my problems didn't exist,' the 30-year-old singer told ABC News on Thursday. Lyme disease is the debilitating bacterial infection that comes from a tick bite.
Aldi has 5.3 per cent of the market, up from 4.6 per cent in three months. Waitrose has 5.1 per cent, up from 5 per cent, according to research. Aldi sales grew by 17 per cent from January to March compared to Waitrose.
Chrissy posted a picture of her stretch marks to Instagram this week. Hundreds of women have now shared their own pictures of the marks. The pictures are in support of the 'love your lines' campaign.
Darwin woman Natalia Moon moved to the Philippines in 2012 after struggling to find work as an actress in Australia. She became fluent in the local language, Tagalog, in the hope of becoming a star. The 23-year-old landed a major role in 2014 playing a catty maid, also named Natalia, in the new sitcom 'Ismol Family' She will attend the Golden Screen TV Awards on April 26 where she is nominated for Outstanding Breakthrough Performance By An Actress.
Move would apply in pubs, clubs, supermarkets and off-licences in Scotland. If introduced it would mean the legal minimum age for buying alcohol would be higher in Scotland than it is in the rest of Britain, where it is 18.
Gabrielle Yinka Saunders, 32, used colleagues' credit cards to pay for her wedding. She also spent £5,000 on a luxury honeymoon in the Seychelles with David Osborne. But she was arrested at Heathrow when the couple returned from their break. Court heard that she had been convicted of fraud twice before her latest offence.
Michelle Manhart, 38, was arrested at Valdosta State University, Georgia. Video shows her being handcuffed and driven off in a patrol car. She had come to the campus after hearing students were trampling on flag. Manhart, who served in Kuwait, says the flag belongs to 'the entire U.S.'
Princess Eugenie, 25, looked every inch the hipster as she strode through the streets of New York with a friend. showcased her toned legs in a black mini dress, which she wore with on-trend over-the-knee boots. At the end of last month, the young royal celebrated her 25th birthday.
Narcocon, a Scientology-back real estate company, bought land in Frederick County, Maryland, in 2013 for $4.85million. It has been trying to change its land designation so that it can build a center that uses saunas and vitamin therapy for addicts. Lawyers hired by Narcocon have argued that Trout Run, a property in Frederick County, Maryland, has historic significance because President Herbert Hoover once caught a fish at the site. Opponents view the proposed designation as a trick to circumvent current zoning laws for the 40-acre plot of land and create a drug rehabilitation program that some call dangerous.
The mountain bike athletes were captured taking huge leaps as the sun went down over Portland Rock, an island off the coast of Weymouth, Dorset. The group included renowned professional trial bike riders Jack Gear, 25, Andrei Burton, 29, and Joe Seddon, 19.
Marc Macrae was election agent for SNP’s Westminster leader Angus Robertson. He said the party showed compassion for the Lockerbie bomber but ostracised him. Like Abdelbaset Ali Mohmed Al Megrahi, Mr Macrae was diagnosed with prostate cancer. But while the Libyan terrorist was flown home to spend his final years with his family, Mr Macrae said he was cruelly ditched.
Café manager said the shop has begun operating eight air purifiers 24 hours a day. Fantasy Café is located in downtown Hangzhou, the provincial capital of Zhejiang Province. A label is put on every table stating clearly that there is an air-purifying surcharge.
Students at Melbourne high school were drinking from a bubbling dispensing recycled water from a bubbler on campus for more than a year. ‘Class A’ recycled water is sewage that has been treated to a standard that’s safe for watering gardens, washing clothes and flushing toilets. Whilst drinking the water, the students would have been at a greater risk of contracting gastroenteritis or diarrhoea. An investigation has been launched by the Department of Health and Human Services to assess the extent of the possible health impact on the students.
Kingston Road in Stockton is the backdrop for the latest series of the show. Locals claim housing bosses have given it a makeover to impress visitors. Last year viewers were split in opinion with many accusing producers of promoting 'poverty tourism' Stockton-on-Tees Council denied the works were planned in advance.
Tabitha Anne Bennett'sent a Facebook message to the older girl saying she was going to bring her daughter to fight her because she was being bullied' She 'drove her daughter to the girl and left the car holding a knife' She 'kicked the 14-year-old on the side of the head and pulled her hair' Two bystanders filmed the brawl and Bennett has been arrested.
Harrison Coogan, Hunter Coker, Carson Buckner and Brandon Barber, all 19, were heading to Gulf Shores, Alabama for spring break. They were stopped for an expired tag on Interstate-10 in Mobile County. Police found 106x18 packs of Natural Light beer, five cases of Corona and a box of Franzie White Zinfandel.
Matt Pliska, who is also a survivor of leukemia, asked Mikenzy Snell to be his prom date last year. The juniors from Waupaca, Michigan, made an emotional statement when they were photographed holding a sign that read: 'Real friends don't count chromosomes'
Jenna Louise Driscoll lashed out at a photographer outside court on Saturday. The 25-year-old hit him on the forehead with a plastic bottle before hurling abuse at him. She was arrested after turning up to Stafford police station to fulfill her regular bail conditions. Ms Driscoll was charged last year with three counts of bestiality, along with charges of trafficking and possession of a dangerous drug. Police found the videos of Ms Driscoll allegedly having sex with a dog while investigating text messages on her mobile phone.
Lib Dem leader sets out plans for £5billion in new tax rises, £7billion raised from a crackdown on tax, £12 billion in public spending reductions and a £3 billion cut from welfare. He mocked George Osborne's insistence that another £12billion can be found from the welfare budget. The Lib Dems set out plans to cap rises in working age benefits at 1 per cent to two years. They would also make changes to the universal credit benefits system and take winter fuel payments and free TV licences away from wealthy pensioners – something the Tories have rejected. A review of vehicle excise duty rates to ensure that the Treasury continues to receive the
Robert Kirkland, who founded the home decor stores with his cousin Carl in 1966, died on Saturday morning in Union City, Tennessee. He donated millions to found the Discovery Park of America education center and tourist attraction in Tennessee.
Iceland has been used in filming as far back as 1920. Well-known productions such as Game of Thrones, Interstellar and Prometheus have all filmed in the country in recent years. Thingvellir National Park provided the location for the North of Westeros in Game of Thrones.
How To Be A Young Billionaire follows three young British entrepreneurs. Josh Buckley made his first million at 18 with his games app MinoMonsters. The app has since gone into decline seeing Josh seeking a five million dollar investment.
Sharky Jama has reportedly been killed in Syria while fighting with Islamic State. His father, Dada Jama, confirmed his death to SBS Radio on Wednesday. The Department of Foreign Affairs was unable to confirm his death. His cousins have taken to social media to pay tribute to their much-loved relative.
Marie Csaszar, 45, died last September after a 10-year battle with a brain tumour. Her widower Paul has asked the BBC under the Data Protection Act for copies of his late wife's emails. He believes they will prove she was 'bullied' by the Corporation's management towards the end of her life.
Glenn Ford, 65, was convicted of the 1983 shooting death of a jeweler and sentenced to death - despite no evidence linking him to the crime. He was released from prison in Angola, Louisiana last year after a judge ruled that he could not receive $330,000 in compensation because he could not prove he did not know about the killing. Last week, former prosecutor Marty Stroud apologized to Ford in person for putting him in prison. 'It still cost me 31 years of my life and then nothing at the end but death because they give me from six to eight months to live,' he said.
Social media platforms have exploded with yellow tributes and pictures of wedding dresses in honour of murdered bride-to-be Stephanie Scott. It comes after police located a body at Cocoparra National Park, in the Riverina region of NSW on Friday night. Ms Scott's sister Kim Scott asked attendees of a memorial picnic on Saturday to 'wear yellow' in her memory. Facebook, Instagram and Twitter were flooded with images of yellow clothing under the hashtag #WearATouchOfYellow.
Paul Harris, 47, arrested last July on suspicion of perverting course of justice. He has now been released from his bail conditions after providing information. Claudia Lawrence, 35, was last seen on March 18, 2009 in York.
Two major investors and a leading shareholder group have voted to get rid of her. Claims that HSBC’s Swiss operation helped wealthy clients hide billions. Last month she was criticised by MPs as ‘incredibly nave or totally incompetent’
Comics have to go through 'quite a lot of layers' to be approved. Some jokes even have to be looked over by director general Lord Hall. This includes editorial policy advisers, the channel and legal advisers. Comes after 'difficult few years' following Sachsgate scandal, he said. Comedian Frankie Boyle has previously criticised the BBC about its cautious attitude towards comedy.
Labour candidate Tulip Siddiq accused of failing to tell voters she met Vladimir Putin in Moscow two years ago. She was at Kremlin with her aunt, the leader of Bangladesh who is accused of human rights abuses. A smiling Ms Siddiq was photographed alongside Putin and Sheikh Hasina, the Prime Minister of Bangladesh. Tories last night accused Ms Siddiq of trying to conceal her extraordinary links to Putin and Sheikh Hasina.
Wikileaks put 170,000 emails and 30,000 other documents stolen from Sony Pictures into a searchable online archive on Thursday. In a statement, Wikileaks and Assange said that the data has a public interest, but the majority of the correspondences run from the mundane to the deeply personal. They expose not just the unguarded opinions of Sony executives, but also reveal health concerns about their children and sadness over dying parents. Assange is currently battling a detention order in Sweden, where he is wanted by prosecutors for alleged sex crimes.
Paul Allen has created a new company that will launch satellites and people into space from the world's biggest plane. 'Vulcan Aerospace' will look after the space programs of Stratolaunch Systems. This includes an ambitious project to launch spacecraft and probes into orbit from of a huge carrier aircraft with a wingspan of 385ft (117 metres) The plane will climb to 30,000 feet and launch a rocket at high altitude, avoiding the huge fuel costs of launching from Earth. The system is intended to deliver satellites weighing up to about 13,500lbs (6,124 kg) into orbits between 112 miles and 1,243 miles (180 km
Daisy, 26, rocks leather and heavy eye make-up in new beauty shoot. Was chosen by Rodial last year for'modern, cool and quintessentially British edge' FEMAIL caught up with Daisy to discover her style and beauty secrets.
Grant Allen, 38, of Harlow, Essex, travelled first class around the world. He bought holiday home on Costa Del Sol, Spain, using criminally gained money. The pair stayed at top hotels on at least eight holidays costing £30,000. Allen also splurged £8,700 on a holiday to Florida in 2009.
Jason Cotterill, 42, sent revenge porn to his jilted lover's daughter, 18. He also threatened to post a sex video of her on her Facebook page. Victim's mother said her life became a 'living nightmare' after the messages. 'It was a stupid, stupid thing to do, it was a drunken thing,' she said. Cotterill was jailed for 12 weeks and banned from contacting victim indefinitely.
The Mudgeeraba Caravan Village is home to more than 100 people, and has been the site of a fatal house fire, stabbings, brawls, and continual violence. Queensland Police patrol the site daily due the extreme level of incidents, and ambulance officers will now only enter the caravan park under police protection. Residents of the caravan park said that one of the biggest problems in the park stemmed from drugs and alcohol abuse.
The Todd family - a 36-year-old father and his seven children aged six to 15 - were tragically killed as they slept in their Princess Anne home. The six-hour funeral service brought 1,200 people to the Ella Fitzgerald Auditorium at the University of Maryland Eastern Shore on Saturday. The children's mother, Tyisha Chambers, 36, sat in the front row of the auditorium and did not speak during the service.
Lisa Erspamer's new book A Letter to My Mom is filled with loving letters from celebrities and non-celebrities to their mothers.
Fanuc's robot uses integrated vision technology called iRVision. This keeps an eye on humans and automatically stops if it touches one. It's designed to work alongside humans without the need for safety fences. The robot can lift objects weighing up to 77 lbs (35kg) and could be used in a number of industries, from warehouses to production lines.
Victorino Chua, 49, is accused of killing three patients at Stepping Hill Hospital. He also allegedly poisoned 18 others at the hospital in Stockport. Chua wrote a 'bitter nurse confession' in which he said he had 'a devil in me' He also wrote about going'straight to hell' and being 'an evil person'
A federal jury in Salt Lake City on Thursday awarded more than $270,000 to Marcia Eisenhour after finding that former Justice Court Judge Craig Storey violated her right to equal protection. Storey wrote in 2007, 'I'd love to harvest your sweet grapes,' and called Eisenhour the'most gorgeous thing alive'
Princess Beatrice seen at Bahrain Grand Prix, her fourth holiday in a month. She was with long-term boyfriend Dave Clark, according to onlooker. King of Bahrain's regime has been accused of violently repressing pro-democracy activists.
Indianara Carvalho, 23, had hymen surgery last year to'restore' her virginity so she could enjoy her first time all over again with ‘someone special' The image, one of a series of nude body-painted shots she shared over the Easter weekend, attracted more than 750 'likes', as well as a tirade of disapproval from her followers.
Award-winning photojournalist Lee Thompson travelled through southeast Asia on a 14-day trip. He was compelled to capture some of the wacky things people can transport on the back of a bike or scooter. In Vietnam alone there are more than 37 million motorbikes or scooters.
Claudia Martins, 33, suffocated newborn baby daughter by stuffing toilet paper down her throat and hiding the infant's body in a suitcase. Court heard she was suffering from a condition known as a 'pathological denial of pregnancy' Martins wept as she walked free after a judge accepted she had a'momentary abnormality of mental functioning'
Kurt Ludwigsen, 43, is accused of kissing, harassing and touching 13 of his players during his time at Nyack College. He is facing 44 counts of forcible touching of another's sexual parts, 49 counts of harassment involving unwanted physical contact and one count of sexual abuse. Ludwigsen, who has children aged 15 and 12, lives with his family in Ridgewood, New Jersey.
Gloria Ross, 84, was found with distorted face when visited by grandson. But nurses said she was 'just tired' and told him senior nurse was 'on break' Not until hour had passed that Mrs Ross was finally assessed by doctor. She never regained full consciousness and died two weeks later. Barts Health NHS Trust, which runs Whipps Cross, has begun investigation.
Earl Olander was found beaten to death in his own home in Minnesota. Police say he was covered in cuts and bruises and his home had been ransacked. They have offered a $1,000 reward for any information which could lead to an arrest. Neighbours described him as a'stand-up person' and a wonderful role model.
A man from Mittagong has struck gold after scoring a massive $20 million lottery win. The winning punter said he and his wife had been'struggling' before the win and that they are over the moon with the result. The winning Oz Lotto entry was purchased from Mittagong Newsagency, 4 Princess Street in central Mittagong.
Vijaya Gadde said the social network had let internet abuse go ‘unchecked’ because it did not recognise the scope and scale of the problem. Twitter had tripled the size of the team that deals with online abuse.
Gang of teenagers caught on camera destroying dozens of vehicles. Kicked off wing mirrors and smashed windscreens with large cinder block. Owner Freddy Ali discovered the carnage when he returned to work. He is now offering a $1,000 reward for information leading to arrests.
Gulnaz was only 16 when she fell pregnant with the child of her rapist Asadullah. She was sentenced to two years in prison for 'adultery by force' Kabul court later increased her sentence to 12 years following an appeal. The only hope of a reduced sentence was to marry Asadullah, which she did in early 2013. Now she is pregnant with his third child but insists she only agreed to marry him so that her first daughter could live a normal life.
The Canberra based Department of Foreign Affairs and Trade workers were told their jobs would be lost in an April Fools' Day prank. 30 low-ranking employees were told they needed to apply for expressions of interest if they wanted to keep their jobs. DFAT has since reprimanded the staff member responsible for the stunt.
Megan Huntsman, 40, sentenced to five years to life in prison today. She admitted to murdering six of her newborn babies and stashing them in her garage in Pleasant Grove, Utah. Told police she did it because she was addicted to drugs and couldn't care for them. Two of her daughters, who were born before her addiction began, stood by her. Judge recounted her 'cold and calculated' crimes in court today.
Annette Edwards has held the record for the world's biggest rabbit since 2008. Five-year-old Darius is 4ft long and weighs just under 3st. He is the size of an average eight-year-old child.
Two planes touch down simultaneously at San Francisco International Airport. The planes, one an American Airlines, land on adjacent runways. As well as the two measuring their approach almost identically, the wheels touch the tarmac simultaneously.
Cpl. Burt Hazeltine, 36, of St Charles Parish, Louisiana, was shot three times in the face, elbow and eye Thursday morning. Suspect Paul Devillier, 56, was arrested a short time later after a brief 'tussle' with officers. St. Charles Parish Sheriff Greg Champagne said Devillier got into a verbal spat with Hazeltine because he refused to stop traffic.
Zeus, an 11-year-old retired K-9 officer was honored in a special tribute on Wednesday by the Ridgefield Police Department. The German Shepherd, who served eight years in the force, took his last ride in a cop patrol car during the grand procession. Residents lined the streets as they watched the cop cars drive by through the streets of the town. He was put down because of a severe degenerative hip disorder and declining health.
The tuning fork facial is said to tighten sagging skin. Some say it's the non-jab equivalent of Botox. The treatment comes from the U.S.
Shadow chancellor said he would not make 'unfunded and uncosted commitments' Comes after David Cameron pledged to give NHS whatever it needed. But Mr Balls refused to say how he will find the £8billion a year. He said: 'I'll save the NHS but I'm not going to make promises until we can show where the money will come from'
A woman walked on to New York City's Kosciuszko Bridge from the Brooklyn side on Monday just before noon. She climbed over the railing and stood on a section of metal piping 125 feet above Newtown Creek. Police arrived on scene at about 11.50am and spent more than two hours talking to the woman and trying to calm her down. At about 2pm the woman agreed to be rescued and police officers were able to grab the woman by the arms and pull her to safety.
Fiona Cullum sheltered Hassan Hussain and Yassin James after murder. Pair were hunted by police for killing Sabrina Moss in Kilburn, London. Cullum then lied to officers when quizzed about Hussain after he was arrested. She was today handed a suspended sentence by Judge Stephen Kramer.
Annegret Raunigk, 65, is set to become the oldest woman ever to give birth to quadruplets. Primary school teacher from Berlin already has 13 children and seven grandchildren. The oldest woman to have given birth to quads is Merryl Fudel, who was 55 at the time.
Prince Charles wrote a letter to Hayley Okines's grieving parents. He described the 17-year-old progeria sufferer as 'an inspiration to millions' Charles' letter was read at Hayley's funeral in Sidley, Bexhill-on-Sea. More than 250 mourners gathered for her funeral at All Saints Church.
A company has copped a spray after making the 'tasteless decision' to link its product to the tragic murder of school teacher Stephanie Scott. Pest control company Mortein posted a picture to the account of its mascot, Louie the Fly, along with '#putyourdressout' The post was accompanied by the caption: 'Even a nasty bug like me can sense it's been a sad week for our great country' The post was quickly attacked by people who dubbed it insensitive.
attachment also lets gamers play their existing Game Boy and Game Boy Color games cartridges on their handset. Called Smart Boy, the attachment also lets gamers play their existing Game Boy and Game Boy Color games cartridges on their handset. The case was created by independent video game hardware developers Hyperkin. It was originally devised as an April Fool's joke, but the popularity and demand for a real product was so high the firm has announced plans to sell it.
Yaakov Naumi, 32, grew up in an ultra orthodox Jewish home in Bnei Brak, Israel. Photographs include a man lying in a grave to prolong life, a chicken being walked on a piece of string and men tying a rope to a bride. Naumi trained as a photojournalist with the haredi press, Behadrey Haredim.
Davion Only, 16, has been adopted by his old case worker, Connie Bell Going in Florida. The 52-year-old has known the teen since he was seven years old. Davion became an example of the struggle faced by many teenagers in the system when he stood up and told worshipers at his church in 2013. Millions of people around the country soon heard about Davion's story, and the young boy was even interviewed by Barbara Walters on The View. Davion was then adopted by a minister in Ohio but sent back into the system a few months later when he fought with one of the minister
Matt Stopera misplaced his cellphone in New York City and the only clue that gave a whereabouts to its located was when some unusual photos of orange trees and fireworks started appearing on his Photostream. Mr Stopera said he asked himself, 'Who is this man, and why are his pictures showing up in my phone?' The phone had made its way half way around the world to southeastern China and into the hands of Li Hongjun. Mr Hongjun had received the phone as a gift but whoever had presented it to him forgot to wipe its contents.
Malijah Grant, 1, was taken off life support on Saturday after she was shot in the head in a Thursday drive-by shooting outside Seattle. Authorities have said they don't believe the shooting was random, though neither parent was injured. Two male suspects are now being sought by police.
Godfrey Elfwick appeared on the BBC World Service programme World Have Your Say. He claimed the Star Wars films are anti-women, anti-gay and said Darth Vader listens to rap music. The programme was preparing an item about the new film in the franchise. Mr Elfwick was recruited after tweeting about never having seen the films.
This is according to a new study which claims the Kola fireball had a 'disturbingly similar' path to asteroid 2014 UR116. Spotted on April 19 last year, researchers used camera footage to help recreate its trajectory and hunt down any remaining fragments. Study compared the orbit of Annama, a 1,100lb (500kg) rock, with the evolution of a dozen orbits of near-Earth asteroids.
Deputy PM says he wants to avoid a repeat of battling with Gove. He clashed with the former Tory Education Secretary over education reforms. Mr Gove was demoted from running the ministry in last year's reshuffle.
Kelly Nash, 25, went missing from his Georgia home January 5 after waking up coughing and sneezing. He left the house without his wallet, ID card or keys to his truck. Nash's body was found February 8 in Lake Lanier by a fisherman. Officials are awaiting the official report from the medical examiner before releasing the cause and manner of death.
Humans of New York photographer Brandon Stanton shared a photo of a NY resident whose name is Beyoncé. The photo was accompanied by a statement from her describing the inconvenience of sharing a celebrity name. This was followed by thousands of Facebook comments from users who suffer from the same problem.
The White House said today that Bernard would depart after a state dinner next month held in honor of the Japanese Prime Minister. The first lady said in a statement she was 'lucky to have such a talented individual on my team' 'I am equally lucky to have made a lifelong friend in Jeremy,' she added. The White House did not name a replacement for Bernard, who is also the first gay man to hold the position, nor did it explain why he was leaving.
The U.S. Census Bureau released the updated figures online Tuesday. 95.9 percent of women 15 to 19 years old were childless in 2014, according to the findings. In 2012, that number was 94.9 percent. For women ages 20 to 24, 75.2 percent were childless last year, researchers found. In 2012, 71.4 percent did not have children. 47.6 percent of women ages 15 to 44 were childless last year, the highest it's ever been.
Chris Roberts of One World Labs was pulled off a flight in Syracuse, New York, on Wednesday night by two FBI agents and two uniformed officers. The agents took electronic devices and computer files from Roberts and confiscated his laptop and thumb drives. He was coming to town to speak at an aerospace conference about vulnerabilities in airplane systems.
Jean-Marie Le Pen, 87, is the honorary president of France's far-right party. He angered his daughter by calling Nazi gas chambers 'a detail of history' Ms Le Pen is leader of the Front Nationale, and has tried to purge it of extremists. But Mr Le Pen has refused to step down from his position. He said: 'Marine Le Pen may want me dead, that's possible'
Cle 'Bone' Sloan, 45, was run over by Suge Knight's truck in January. Sloan left with two fractured ankles and other injuries after incident. Knight is accused of running over Sloan's companion Terry Carter, 55. He claims he was trying to escape when he ran the men down. Sloan appeared in court on Monday and said he was 'no snitch' and 'will not be used to send Suge Knight to prison'
Love-up couples around the world share their intimate proposal moment via the website HowHeAsked.com and Instagram account HowHeAsked. Alongside the thousands of pictures are the couples' touching proposal stories.
Kaden Lum was gunned down in his home in Bremerton, Washington, on March 28. Heather Kelso, who was sharing a room with the youngster's mother, Jalisa, was also killed while a neighbor visiting at the time was shot in the abdomen. Two weeks on from the horrific incident, the Kitsap Sun printed the controversial illustration on their opinion page. It depicts Kaden as an angel next to a caricature of a devil dressed as Uncle Sam. The boy's grandfather believes the decision to print the cartoon, designed by veteran cartoonist Milt Priggee, was in 'bad taste'
We all know freezing is a great way of preserving foods. But believe it or not, the process can make some things taste even better. Here, Tessa Cunningham puts a host of our favourite foods to the frozen test.
Stephen Dodd tweeted picture of Asif Bodi and Abubakar Bhula praying. He wrote: 'Muslims praying at half-time at the match yesterday #DISGRACE' The tweet was reported to police, who investigated but decided no criminal offence had taken place. Last night, Liverpool promised to take ‘appropriate action’ against the supporter.
Jake Boys, 19, surprised his girlfriend Emily-Victoria Canham, 18, with tickets. Told her they would see Niall Horan, Liam Payne, Harry Styles and Louis Tomlinson. But he ended up booking flights to Republic of Ireland instead of Wales.
Carolyn Thorpe, 62, was killed when a 20-foot tree fell on her in Hiers-Brouage. Her daughter Sarah Wright was also injured in the accident in 2007. Investigation found the tree had been ridden with parasites. Hiers-Brouage town hall has now paid £86,000 in compensation.
Lawrence Tynes, 36, is seeking $20million in lost future earnings and $15,000 in damages after he contracted the deadly infection in 2013. The lawsuit was announced on Monday and alleges that the Buccaneers 'failed to disclose and actively concealed ongoing incidents of the infection among other individuals' The suit also claims that the team did not use necessary sterile techniques and routinely left therapy devices, equipment and surfaces unclean.
Nasa's Messenger spacecraft is currently 18 miles (29.1km) above the surface of the solar system's most volcanic planet. It is sending back some of the most detailed images ever obtained of the smallest planet in our solar system. Among the features it has revealed to scientists in the past month are patterns of distinctive hollows in the bottom of a huge impact basin. Another image shows a 1.2 mile (2km) high cliff that rises 1.8 miles (3km) above the surface, called Enterprise Rupes. On 6 April engineers used the last of the Messenger spacecraft's hydrazine fuel to try to push
Women routinely ask for £4,000 less for a typical job than men. This widens to up to £10,000 less in more senior industries such as accountancy. On average, women ask for almost a fifth less than men, research shows.
Edwin 'Jock' Mee is accused of carrying out a campaign of abuse against female cadets. The recruitment sergeant allegedly locked a female recruit in a room and raped her. He is also accused of carrying out sex attacks on 11 victims as young as 15. The woman, now 27, claims she became pregnant before suffering an ectopic pregnancy. Mee denies 17 counts of sexual assault, three rapes and one count of assault by penetration.
Timothy Eli Thompson was born without a nose in March in Alabama. His mom put a photo of him on Facebook but it was removed because it was deemed to be too controversial. The social media site has since reversed its decision after public protest.
Sir David Nicholson warns of a'substantial financial problem' at the NHS. Says Labour is the only party not to back the NHS's five-year plan. David Cameron and Nick Clegg have pledged to find the cash. But Labour leader Ed Miliband has refused to commit to the cash. Jeremy Hunt says Labour must 'explain why they won't find the money'
Hillary Clinton flew from Iowa to Newark, New Jersey on a United Airlines regional jet without a First Class seat. She was greeted by police and Secret Service vehicles as she boarded the plane in Omaha. The presidential candidate had just finished a three-day campaign swing in Council Bluffs, Iowa. She held a secret meeting with Democratic Party insiders at a cafe just a few miles away.
Dr Ram Manohar, 38, is alleged to have inappropriately touched nurses. He is accused of groping one nurse's breast and saying 'you bad girl' Another nurse claims he kissed her and put his hand into her knickers. Manohar denies four counts of sexual assault at Liverpool Crown Court.
A man dressed as a woman robbed a petrol station in Watervale, Victoria. The robber pointed a fake machine gun at a female shop assistant. He made off with a quantity of cash and the fake firearm. Police have released an image of a man that may assist with their enquiries, and are still searching for the man.
Curiosity detected salts called perchlorates, which can absorb water from the atmosphere and turn it into briny liquid. When night falls, some of the water vapour in the atmosphere condenses on the planet surface as frost, but calcium perchlorate is very absorbent and it forms a brine with the water, so the freezing point is lowered.
Rev Richard Coles rose to fame as half of 1980s pop band The Communards. He now presents Radio 4's gentle human interest show Saturday Live. Last year he published a frank memoir detailing his rise to fame. It detailed his enthusiasm for 'dogging' and taking drugs including cocaine.
Leo Bernal, 8, was released from Ronald Reagan UCLA Medical Center in Los Angeles with nearly two dozen staples in his scalp. Doctors had to open the child's skull to extract the bullet, leaving him with a partially shaved scalp and 23 staples. The boy, his 17-year-old brother, parents and grandmother escaped unharmed.
Randy Linn, now in a California federal prison where he's two years into his 20-year sentence, said that he can't believe that he tried to destroy a place of worship. Federal prosecutors said Linn drove about two hours from his home in St. Joe, Indiana, to suburban Toledo on September 30, 2012. Linn poured gasoline on a prayer rug and lit it on fire.
Researchers in Singapore found 27.4 per cent of the population suffered from pre-hypertension. Eating out is associated with higher calorie, saturated fat and salt intake – all causes of high blood pressure.
Forensics have used the latest technology to reconstruct the skeletal remains of a woman found near Daytona Beach 25 years ago this week. She was never identified. The death was ruled a homicide and the case remains open.
The GR20 trail runs down the mountainous spine of Corsica and happens to be the toughest trek in Europe. The trail started in the remote Golo Valley, a wild and desolate canyon flanked by barren cliffs. Accommodation ranged from small auberges to family-run hotels.
The Gold Moto 360 is available to pre-order online from O2 on 20 April. Any customers making orders before 10pm BST on 20 April will receive the watch the next day. It will then go on general sale online and exclusively from O2 stores on 23 April. Motorola's Gold version has an 18mm stainless steel band and costs £249.99. The original Moto 360 has a 22mm black leather strap and costs £199.
Kevin Morton gave Kye Backhouse, 13, a super-strong painkiller. Teenager was found dead at his home in Barrow-in-Furness, Cumbria. Morton, 49, admitted giving his son the powerful painkiller in a Facebook post. He said he will 'have to try and live with it for the rest of my life'
Dominika Petrinova, from the Czech Republic, was furious after her boyfriend Erik Meldik's prank went viral after he posted it online. The 27-year-old had burst into tears when she was told her dog Sam had accidentally been put in the wash before Mr Meldik revealed the 'joke' She decided to get her revenge by gluing wax strips to the plastic chair.
Facinet Keita was representing Guinea at the London 2012 Olympics. He was knocked out in the qualifying stages of the men's judo. Keita claims he was told he would be'murdered' if he returned home. The 31-year-old flew to the UK then refused to leave the country. He was locked up in a detention centre for three months before being released. He is now volunteering at a primary school in Stoke-on-Trent while he applies for asylum.
The Kimpton Hotel chain in the US will put a goldfish in your room. At Fiji's Namale Resort & Spa, couples are 'kidnapped' for a picnic. At The Club Hotel & Spa in Jersey, a sunshine butler is on hand to polish sunglasses. At The Ritz-Carlton Palm Beach, guests can have a pillow fight.
A Pain and Gain report released by CoreLogic for the December quarter has revealed that home resales recording a gross loss were at an all time low. When compared to their prior purchase price, only 8.6 percent of homes had recorded a loss. A shocking 32.3 percent had shown properties selling for more than double their original price. The report showed that Sydney recorded the lowest loss-making resales at just 2.4 percent over the quarter. Melbourne homes are held for longer than any other capital city with a current owning period of nearly 12 years.
Duli Hembrom wrote to school principal after failing to convince her parents to call off the wedding, which is due to take place in two days. She wrote: 'I do not want to get married, I took an oath at the time of admission that I will not get married before I turn 18'
Amir Khan could face a police probe after posting pictures on Snapchat. Boxer posted the pictures while driving his car in California close to San Francisco. According to Californian law, using a mobile phone while driving is an offence. Police have yet to say if they will be looking into the snaps. Comes eight years after the boxer was convicted for driving without due care.
Countdown co-presenter Rachel Riley looked embarrassed when two contestants came up with the same eight-letter double entendre. Host Nick Hewer struggled to stifle his laughter as Ms Riley spelt out the word 'erection' Dr Phil Hammond, who was in dictionary corner with Susie Dent, saved the day with nine letter word'recondite'
Xavier Morales, 48, has been placed on indefinite administrative leave and is not allowed to enter the office. The female agent alleged that she was attending a party with Morales when he said he loved her and wanted to have sex with her. After the two employees returned to the office from the party, Morales, 48, tried to kiss the woman and grabbed her arms when she resisted, according to two people briefed on her statement.
More than 1,000 crimes have been created by the Coalition in a frenzy of law-making – including a ban on washing clothes in Trafalgar Square. The legislative splurge is equivalent to introducing a new law for every working day. Research shows the Government has invented 22 ways of criminalising the public every month.
Almost half of headteachers have vacancies in English, maths and science. Some posts are attracting only one or two applicants for core teaching positions. School leaders warn the 'bleak' situation is likely to worsen.
Boeing 777-300ER was travelling from Guangzhou, China to Addis Ababa. First diverted to Chhatrapati Shivaji International Airport to refuel. Plane departed for the Ethiopian capital, but returned due to engine trouble.
Hizb ut-Tahrir (HT) has reportedly attacked civil activists in Aleppo. The extremist Islamist group has a 'big UK support base' Several British men linked to ISIS are known to have been in contact with the group while studying at UK universities.
Cortez Berry, 18, was serving time at the Burruss Correctional Training Center in Forsyth, Georgia, for his role in a 2011 carjacking and robbery. The disturbing image was uploaded to Facebook Friday using a cellphone that had been sneaked into the jail. It shows the 18-year-old Berry hunched down with a swollen eye in front of two shirtless young men, one of whom is holding the leash. Berry told visiters on Saturday that he had been jumped by ten people who beat him and 'choked him to sleep' The Department of Corrections is carrying out an investigation into the incident and has the area of
The island of Kefalonia is a small cluster of islands off the south coast of Greece. It has a great deal to offer both tourists and local residents, with great beaches. The isle's main town, Argostoli, is a great base from which to explore the island.
Eric Holder sent a memo to Justice Department employees reminding them that soliciting prostitutes is against agency rules and can lead to suspension or firing. His memo came weeks after a scathing inspector general's report found the DEA had mishandled allegations that several of its agents went to sex parties with prostitutes. Holder said the department's prohibition on soliciting prostitutes even when employees are off duty or in foreign countries where prostitution may be legal.
This year has seen a rash of massive dust storms around the world that have led to travel chaos and blocked out sunlight. China has suffered four massive sandstorms since the start of the year.
A virulent strain of bird flu continues to hammer the Midwest and the virus recently took its biggest toll yet after it hit a farm in Iowa. The confirmation means up to 5.3 million hens there must be destroyed in a state that produces one in every five eggs consumed in the country. Seven other Midwestern states have also been hit by the virus, dooming nearly 7.8 million turkeys and chickens since March.
The typed dispatch was sent by German president Karl Doenitz. It was seized from Luftwaffe chief Robert von Greim when he was arrested. WWI fighter ace then killed himself rather than be tortured by the Russians. The order is expected to fetch £21,000 when it goes under the hammer.
Lib Dems will vow to protect the entire education budget in the next parliament. Spending would rise per pupil with an extra 460,000 schoolchildren expected. It is understood that Mr Clegg will say this is a deal-breaker in any future coalition talks after May 7.
Arlette Ricci, 74, was 'particularly determined' to stash money in Swiss accounts. She denied hiding the equivalent of more than £15million, saying she had simply tried to avoid tax – which is legal – rather than evade it, which is not. However, bugged phone conversations suggested otherwise. She boasted that she changed banks to escape prosecution and spent hidden funds on buying chalet in upmarket Swiss ski resort.
A raft of new 'enhanced' H20 products have hit the market. They are made from birch, charcoal and prickly pear cactus. Kylie Minogue is said to be a fan of BLK Fulvic Water.
Sofinar Gourian, popularly known as 'Safinaz', fined £15,000 by Egyptian court. She was found guilty in a case raised by a private complainant. Insulting the flag was made illegal by decree of President Adly Mansour.
The 22-year-old said she kneed Jason Lee, an ex-Goldman Sachs managing director, in the groin during the struggle. She sobbed and said she was left in a state of 'disbelief' and begged her friends to take her home - because she felt that it was her fault. Lee, 38, has denied first-degree rape, sexual misconduct and third-degree assault and faces up to 25 years in jail if convicted.
Asked who taught Malia how to drive, first lady Michelle Obama told celebrity chef and daytime talk-show host Rachael Ray in an interview that it was the armed agents who provide around-the-clock security for the family. 'The Secret Service, actually, because they wouldn't let me in the car with her,' Mrs. Obama said in an excerpt of the interview that was released by Ray's program.
Bradley Dew, 26, had been drinking with his friend at a pub in Faversham, Kent. He then returned to his friend's home and claimed he had lost his phone. Dew pushed him into a wall and stole his mobile phone and £10 note. He was found by police hiding in toilets of a nearby pub hours later. Dew was found guilty of robbery and assault by a jury at Maidstone Crown Court.
Tara and Gavin Hills, from Kanata, Canada, have been anti-vaxxers for six years. On April 2, their seven children came down with whooping cough. Mrs Hills penned a blog post about her decision to ditch the anti-vaxxer stance.
The Real Housewives Of Beverly Hills star was arrested early Thursday morning after allegedly attacking a police officer. The 50-year-old mother-of-four was hanging out at the Polo Lounge at The Beverly Hills Hotel. After drinking vodka tonics all night a bartender at the hotel refused to serve the former child star and she became angry saying 'Don't you know who I am?' Kim then reportedly locked herself in a bathroom and refused to come out - which was when cops were called. The reality star was issued a citation for trespass, resisting arrest, battery on a police officer and drunk in public. She
An account purporting to be 2UE sent out a tweet on Thursday morning. 'Apologies for the s*** news service these days,' the tweet began. The hashtag was in reference to the station's former newsreader Steve Blanda, who had read the news at 2UE for over a decade. The tweet has since been removed from the @2UENews Twitter account. A 2UE spokesperson told Daily Mail Australia that they were aware of the posting but denied it came from one of their accounts.
Annabel Beam, now 12, believes she visited Heaven after falling 30ft. Her mother, Christy, 42, has spoken of her amazement at her recovery. Annabel has gone more than a year without a single visit to the doctor.
The 29-year-old laughed with friends leaving an art gallery in Mayfair. Wore ripped jeans and a beige blazer for the night out. Joined friends at the launch party for new London restaurant, The Ivy.
Operation Xeres will focus on allegations relating to abuse at Skegby Hall. Nine other centres in Nottinghamshire where children were said to have been physically or sexually abused. The 10 centres, all of which have closed or changed their use since the time of the alleged abuse, also includes Whatton Youth Detention Centre.
Naz Shah has previously claimed she was forced into marriage aged 15. But Respect Party says they have a copy of her 'nikah', or marriage certificate. Mr Galloway produced the document at a hustings in Bradford on Wednesday. He accused her of slandering the British Pakistani community. But Ms Shah has hit back, saying there are two copies of her 'nikah'
Realtors in Indianapolis are looking to unload what's likely the Midwestern city's gaudiest and most famous home. Jerry A. Hostetler was once a 24-year-old pimp known to Indianapolis police as Mr. Big. After becoming a local construction mini-mogul, he started buying up the homes around his modest 3-bedroom ranch house. When the banks finally caught up with Hostetler, who'd long ago stopped paying his debts, his sprawling home had grown to 23,000 square feet.
The island is known for its zesty spices and self-sufficiency. Meat and fish are plentiful and the soil is very fertile. Exotic fruit - mangoes, star fruit, passion fruit, melon and skin-up - are the stars of the summer.
Richard Howarth says he gets so agitated when he sees Farage on TV. The 35-year-old says he starts sweating and shaking when he sees Ukip leader. Mr Howarth, from Milton Keynes, says he has to change the channel. Psychologist Dr Rick Norris says reactions sound like a phobia rather than allergy.
Waverley Mayor Sally Betts wrote a reference for convicted rapist Luke Lazarus 'out of loyalty to the family' She is now developing a program to teach young women about 'risky behaviour' Lazarus was jailed for at least three years on March 27 after he raped an 18-year-old in an alleyway outside his father's Sydney nightclub. Betts said she wrote the reference in support of Lazarus's grandparents whom she has been friends with for 30 years.
Teachers could be banned from schools for life following investigation into links to Trojan Horse scandal. National College for Teaching and Leadership is looking at 30 disciplinary cases. Allegations include claims an al-Qaeda style video was copied in a classroom. Teachers allegedly punished pupils by making them kneel on the floor. Probe into Islamic plot last year found evidence of anti-Western rhetoric.
Dover police say a man they believe to be the so-called 'rat burglar' who cut holes to tunnel studs into buildings has been arrested in Maryland. Authorities say 49-year-old Thomas K. Jenkins of Capitol Heights, Maryland, was arrested last month by deputies with the Prince George's County Sheriff's Office. From September 2014 to February 2015, Jenkins allegedly carried out 18 commercial robberies in Dover, Delaware, authorities there said.
Bogan Shire Council, in western New South Wales, wants to erect a 'big bogan' statue. The 3.6-metre statue would show a 'bloke' wearing shorts, thongs and a singlet with a fishing rod and a tuckerbox. Locals and visitors would also be able to sit on it and take photographs. The 'big bogan' statue could prove as popular as the Big Banana which is a tourist attraction in Coffs Harbour.
Dr Skin's lotion and sun drink comes with 60ml liquid food supplement shots. Ladival is the first product to protect against infra-red A rays as well as UVA and UVB. Mustela Very High Protection Sun Lotion SPF. £14.95 for 100ml, from independent pharmacies.
Mario Draghi held his hands up for protection when the woman leapt on to podium. yelled 'End the ECB dictatorship!' before being bundled off by two heavyset guards. She later identified herself as Josephine Witt and said she was formerly associated with feminist activist group Femen.
Photographer Vincent Cianni spent three years traveling the U.S. photographing and interviewing gay veterans and servicemen. His photo essay, Gays in the Military, documents their stories of suppression, sadness and silence. Many were discharged because of their sexuality, others were raped, assaulted and bullied, causing ongoing psychological damage. A major turning point for gay people in the military came in 2011 with the overturning of Dont Ask Don't Tell.
The coffee drinking scene continues to grow in Britain. baristas and cafe owners are putting more thought into the cakes and pasties that accompany your beverage. Classic English pastry has been identified as the perfect accompaniment to a latte, as well as a cinnamon swirl and a pain au raisin. And espressos are best paired with chocolate truffles or a mini raspberry coulis.
Ricky Dearman sobbed as he revealed he was falsely branded the leader of a London satanic cult who trafficked children into the UK to be tortured and killed on video. The actor said his reputation was shattered after being branded the leader of a London satanic cult who trafficked children into the UK to be tortured and killed on video. Scotland Yard investigated the 'baseless' claims but found they had been made by his children after they were tortured by their mother and her partner. Police are now hunting for Ella Draper and Abraham Christie, who may have fled abroad, and Mr Dearman now hopes to win custody of his children
Hundreds of payday lenders will be wiped out, experts have predicted. City watchdog forecast just three or four out of 400 will be left standing. Rules include daily interest cap of 0.8 per cent and stricter affordability checks.
Britain will still be running a budget deficit at the end of the decade. The IMF said the state will continue to spend more than it raises in tax. The projection underlines how hard it will be for the next government to eliminate the country’s annual deficit.
Julie Bishop met up with one of her favourite shoe designers Jimmy Choo. The pair were in Perth meeting the families of SAS members. Choo is in Australia to host his first ever Australian masterclass. Ms Bishop opted for a chic navy knee-length dress and kitten-heeled shoes.
Police said Friday that they're trying to find a couple and five children who left a North Las Vegas home where a 3-year-old girl was found dead. Kellie Cherie Phillips, 38, and Jondrew Megil Lachaux, a 39-year-old ex-convict, may be in the Los Angeles or Oakland, California, areas. If they aren't in Nevada, they may be in the Los Angeles or Oakland, California, areas.
Sonia Pereiro-Mendez claims she was cheated out of millions of pounds. Claims she was denied millions in pay and bonuses when she became pregnant. Says male colleagues were promoted ahead of her and she was'mocked' Also claims she was subjected to 'gratuitous and implicitly derogatory' comments about her childcare arrangements.
Family of Joseph Goebbels suing Random House Germany over royalties. They claim publisher used extracts from Hitler's diaries in a biography. Goebbels' daughter Cordula Schacht represents his estate in the case. Her own father Hjalmar Schacht was Hitler's minister of economics.
Train was traveling through Salters Pond Road and Highway 121, near Trenton. At time, it was carrying highly toxic, nitrogen-based chemical ammonia. It was also transporting non-hazardous ammonia nitrate, authorities said. Derailment caused up to 15 cars to overturn and leak, officials said. Residents and businesses within 1.5-mile radius of scene were evacuated. No injuries have been reported; haz mat crews have been sent to scene.
Trevor Brooks was told it was not in the public interest for him to have a passport. Home Office letter says he is an extremist linked to banned group Al Muhajiroun. Brooks, 39, was released from prison last month after serving part of 11-month term.
The UK clocked up growth of 2.8 per cent in 2014 – the strongest in the Group of Seven industrialised nations. This was enough for Britain to leapfrog socialist France and become the second most powerful economy in Europe, behind Germany. The IMF is forecasting ‘solid’ growth of 2.7 per cent this year and 2.3 per cent in 2016.
Anthony Mann killed his wife Janet after she begged him to end her suffering. The 78-year-old plunged a kitchen knife into his wife's chest at their home. Mrs Mann was suffering from dementia and chronic pain when she died. She was found lying on her back with a knife sticking out of her abdomen. Mr Mann pleaded guilty to manslaughter by reason of diminished responsibility. He was given a two year suspended sentence at Leamington Justice Centre.
Annegret Raunigk, 65, is set to become oldest woman to have quadruplets. German primary school teacher will give birth in a matter of weeks to four babies. She is in her 21st week of pregnancy after being artificially inseminated.
Labour leader accuses the PM of 'ducking' the chance to defend his record. Cameron has pledged to find £7billion to pay for tax cuts for lower and middle earners. He has also promised to increase the NHS budget by £8billion a year. Tonight's 'Challengers' Debate will feature Mr Miliband, Ukip's Nigel Farage, Natalie Bennett of the Greens, SNP leader Nicola Sturgeon and Plaid Cymru's Leanne Wood.
A handful of animal keepers at Salt Lake City's Hogle Zoo found themselves with a tiny red-headed charge when Eve, a Bornean orangutan, died a few weeks after giving birth. Now 5 months old, the 14-inch, 11-pound Tuah is starting to crawl. Tuah's father was Eli, an orangutan who became famous for correctly predicting the Super Bowl winner seven years in a row.
Burger King and Pret A Manger have announced major menu shake-ups. Pret A Manger's new concept is called 'Good Evenings' and runs from 6pm until 11pm every night, but only (for now) at its branch on The Strand in London. Burger King's new summer menu consists of three new burgers: the Mushroom Swiss Steakhouse, the Pulled Pork BBQ Whopper and the Ciabatta Chicken Tendercrisp. Nando's also recently announced its most extensive menu update yet, with new options including a Quinoa Salad and a 'Fino Coleslaw'
German Cardinal Rainer Woelki urged forgiveness for all of the crash's victims. President Joachim Gauck said the tragedy had provoked grief and sorrow. He added: 'We're being confronted with disturbing act of destruction' 1,500 mourners attended ceremony at Cologne Cathedral in west-German city. Ceremony will be broadcast to millions of viewers across the country.
A two-metre South American boa constrictor is on the loose on Queensland's Gold Coast. Police found the snake at the base of a tree on a footpath in Surfers Paradise and then released it into the wild. Biosecurity Queensland is working with the Gold Coast City Council in a bid to find the snake. Snake catcher Tony Harrison warned that if the large-predatory boa has Inclusion Body Disease 'it can be unbelievably contagious if that gets loose in Australia'
William Beggs is serving a life sentence for murdering Barry Wallace, 18. Teenager's limbs and torso were found in Loch Lomond in 1999. Police described Beggs as a'serial killer in the making' at time of conviction. He screamed in pain as boiling water was thrown over his face and hands.
There is a rising number of firms in the US that sell cannabidiol biscuits. These contain cannabidiol, or CBD, extracted from hemp. Compounds in the plant have been known to alleviate joint pains. They also treat mood disorders and help animals lose weight. Research has also suggested CBD can relieve pain and discomfort in dying pets and calm animals down.
The Hague is home to Holland's royal family and Holland's parliament. It was classed as a village until Louis Bonaparte set up here in 1806. The most prized Dutch colony was apparently run from The Hague.
On Sunday, the New York Post's Page Six alleged that the marriage breakup was the result of Flay having an affair with his assistant Elyse Tirrel, who's 28. Page Six claimed that Tirrell is a'singer/actress who worked as a hostess at the chef's Bar Americain in 2008 and became his assistant' March's friend Maia Madison, a writer and actress, told Page Six that March arrived'sobbing uncontrollably' at her home just after Thanksgiving after finding out about the affair.
Siti Zainab's family were not notified before her execution this morning. She was sentenced to death in 1999 after confessing to stabbing her employer. She was on death row for over 15 years while victim's youngest child reached adulthood. Indonesian President had written to the Saudi king asking for the victim's family to forgive Zainab. Riyadh's ambassador to Indonesia was'surprised' to be summoned by Jakarta.
Three out of four people have little or no knowledge about Battle of Waterloo. One in seven believe that it was the French who were victorious in 1815. Forty-seven per cent of 2,070 adults polled said they didn't know.
The first mosaic comprises 1.4 million square miles (2.3 million square km) of the surface. It covers the vast crater-strewn highland region of the red planet. Individual stereo and colour images from a total of 89 Martian orbits were combined to create the map. Map could help explain how water and lava once flowed across Mars.
766 violent anti-Semitic acts were carried out around the world last year. In France, the number of anti-Semitic attacks rose to 164 in 2014. Britain registered 141 violent incidents against Jews in 2014, after 95 in 2013.
Value of coloured stones has increased by more than 2,000 per cent. Auctioneers now branding them a better investment than diamonds. Kate Middleton wore a Ceylon sapphire once owned by Princess Diana. A-list stars Beyoncé, Naomi Watts, Rosamund Pike and Mila Kunis have also played their part by flashing their beloved coloured gems on the red carpet.
Walter Scott, 50, was pulled over for a broken tail light in North Charleston, South Carolina on April 4 and his passenger, Pierre Fulton, said he did not know why he fled. Fulton's attorney said his client heard the Taser followed by the shots but did not see Scott get shot. The two men were heading to Scott's house for a cookout. Scott was killed by officer Michael Slager as he fled the scene.
Rachel Simpson, 15, has a one-in-a-million genetic condition which doctors say will eventually give her cancer if untreated. The condition means a sufferer's blood counts might be low, making them more vulnerable to infection or abnormal, leading to leukaemia. The rest of the family are now waiting on tests which could reveal which of them also have a mutation of the GATA2 gene.
Rare formation appeared over a commuter rail station on Long Island early Tuesday. Commuter Amanda Curtis snapped the phenomenon while she was waiting for the Long Island Railroad at the Glen Cove station. Two vivid, primary rainbows can be seen to the left of the image, while dimmer reflections, which have the order of the colors reversed, appear further to the right.
Pippa Middleton has been slammed for eating whale meat on holiday in Norway. The 31-year-old socialite said she ate minke whale carpaccio at Juvet Landscape Hotel. The meat was served in a 'wonderfully convivial atmosphere', she said. Environmentalists slammed her for 'promoting the cruel and unnecessary whaling industry'
Ukip leader said he was ‘jealous’ of how the Tory leader reverses greying. Mr Cameron has been accused of visiting stylists and trichologists. In 2011, Downing Street was forced to deny claims Mr Cameron was fighting the relentless process with unnatural help.
Scotland Yard's Flying Squad released images of three raiders on Saturday. But refused to release picture of ringleader because he has already been identified. Crime novel Black Echo is based on two bank heists in Los Angeles in 1980s. Criminologist Richard Hoskins said raiders must have read the book.
Robert Bates, from Tulsa, Oklahoma, turned himself in to face charges of second-degree manslaughter on April 2. In an interview with the Today show on Friday, he apologized to the family of Eric Harris, 44, who he shot dead during a botched gun-sale sting. He said he had no desire to take anyone's life and that the mix-up could have happened to anyone.
The £260,000 GT was unveiled at the International Auto Show in Detroit. First models have been shipped to China and will roll out across Europe next year. Ford's design team have created a light sculpture to herald launch. Planted in Milan's Piazza de Fidele, it walked through the steps of rendering.
Girl targeted by violent posts on photo-sharing service this week. One says: 'That smile! I can't wait till its [sic] just blood and tears' Another reads: 'I got knifes that ill bring and youll get to pick' Girl attends Lone Hill Middle School in San Dimas, California.
Amanda Lukoff, from Arlington, Virginia, was inspired to create her documentary The R-Word after growing up with her sister Gabrielle, who was born with Down syndrome.
A woman was reportedly spotted threatening people with 'a dildo in each hand' during an altercation outside a Grafton pub. Eye-witnesses said a fight broke out inside Roches Family Hotel late Friday night before it spilled out onto Victoria Road. Nick Weller said he initially saw two girls brawling on the streets. He described the woman as Caucasian, of slight build, aged in her late 20's or early 30's.
Kyle Wittstock, 22, died on Monday afternoon after his paraglider crashed into a garage door. Mr Wittstock posted photos from the air just hours before the accident. He left behind a fiance and a nine-week-old daughter. Friends and family were quick to post their condolences and memories.
Sean Donohoe, 30, plundered the woman's life savings over two years. He spent tens of thousands on trips to the Snowdome and in shops. Builder even persuaded widow to change her will so he could reap benefits. He has now been jailed for 21 months after admitting fraud and theft.
Khadijah Dare, 22, is one of 22 British women known to be in Syria. She is notorious for threatening to become the first woman to behead a Westerner. But now her mother has issued a plea for her daughter to return home. Victoria Dare, from Lewisham, says she wants her only child in her life.
Crash occurred in Adelaide suburb of North Brighton on Wednesday night. 1991 Ferrari 348 was worth between $90k and $110k and sporting 'Plesur' number plates. Male passenger suffered head and leg injuries and was conscious when paramedics attended the scene and taken to Flinders Medical Centre.
Some have been awol from Ford Open Prison for as long as 10 years. One of the escapees from the 500-inmate jail is violent killer Robert Donovan, 57. His disappearance only emerged last year, four years after he walked out. Ford, near Arundel, Sussex, has the worst record for prison escapes.
France has joined Italy and Israel in passing laws banning the promotion of extreme thinness in the fashion industry. But while some have been hailing the legislation as a 'crackdown on anorexia', the laws may be unlikely to have any such effect. Anorexia has the highest mortality rate of any psychiatric illness, mostly due to organ failure and suicide. Yet, the illness is often mistaken by many as a lifestyle choice with an external cause.
Iona Costello, 51, and daughter Emily were visiting Manhattan when they were last seen on March 30 near their home in the the wealthy seaside village of Greenport. Their car was found in a parking garage on 42nd street in Manhattan. Iona's stepson, George Costello Jr, 45, was staying nearby at the time. He has a long history of drug arrests and is currently in Palm Beach Detention Center following an arrest for a 'domestic dispute' when he returned to Florida.
University of Cologne scientist led research proposing a new theory. It suggests temperatures at Earth's equator were -40C (-40F) 2.4 billion years ago. The reasons why the whole planet was frozen are not understood. But it could have implications for finding life on frozen moons like Europa.
Almost half of 1,000 British companies questioned said they are less inclined to recruit an obese or overweight applicant. The reasons given were 'they're lazy', 'unable to fulfil their roles' and 'they wouldn't be able to do the job required' Findings come in the wake of a European court case brought by unions and lawyers on behalf of 25st childminder Karsten Kaltoft, 50, who claimed he was sacked by his local authority in Denmark for being too fat. In December European judges ruled that obesity qualified as a disability if it 'hinders the full and effective participation of the person...
Actor, 89, is selling off more than 200 items at auction in Gloucestershire. Collection includes a 3D model of the Battle of Agincourt. He studied English with J.R.R. Tolkien and is now an expert on the longbow.
Ed Miliband said he would 'abolish' the non-domicile status on Wednesday. But he is effectively proposing a time limit on it of between two and five years. It's claimed the announcement has already had a negative impact on the capital's property market.
Dubai is renowned as the playground of the rich and famous. It is a melting pot of decadence in the Middle East with year-round sunshine. Despite restrictions of local religious laws, the champagne-fuelled party life has come to define Dubai as a holiday destination. In recent times, the place has attracted A-listers including Emily Blunt, Cate Blanchett, Lily Allen, Karl Lagerfeld and Sarah Jessica Parker.
Joshua Van Haften, 34, of Madison, Wisconsin, was arrested at O'Hare Airport in Chicago after getting off a return flight from Syria. He has been charged with attempting to provide material support to a foreign terrorist organization.
Ministry of Defence 1 was a weapons laboratory set up in 1939 by Winston Churchill - a firm believer in the importance of science and technology in warfare. He encouraged his scientists to trial even the most absurd of inventions - many of which never made it beyond the drawing board. Some were so successful that they played a vital role in ending World War Two.
Lloyd Byfield, 48, pursued a relationship with 26-year-old Leighann Duffy. He armed himself with a claw hammer and a large red handled kitchen knife. Byfield smashed his way into her flat in Walthamstow, east London, last year. He was sentenced to life with a minimum term of 26-and-a-half years. Judge Nicholas Cooke told him he may never be released.
The TrackYourDose app was developed by Germany-based firm esooka. It uses a mathematical model developed by scientists and meteorologists. The current solar activity for the flight is inputted, using a neutron monitor from the University of Oulu in Finland. A user enters their flights details and solar activity for the flight is inputted, using a neutron monitor. A ten-hour flight across the North Atlantic results in a radiation exposure of between 50 Sv to 100 Sv. By comparison, an X-ray at a dentist exposes patients to 6Sv.
The most visited paid-for landmark in the world has been closed due to strike action. Unions are protesting against the government's austerity measures. Strike follows action by French air traffic controllers which started yesterday.
Tourists are directed towards the abattoir in the Scottish town of Dornoch. The sign was posted on Twitter and retweeted by crime writer Ian Rankin. Local butcher Gavin Sutherland said the abattoir has been derelict for years.
Emily Reay is a pupil at Trinity School in Carlisle, Cumbria. Claims she has sported same vibrant ginger hair for the last three years. But now teachers have told her to tone it down or she will be banned from lessons.
Michele Leonhart, who has run the DEA since 2007, was expected to resign. Her anticipated departure stems from concerns that agents of the federal drug agency divulged secrets at sex parties with prostitutes. The events took place between 2001 and 2005 but U.S. officials said the DEA did not investigate them until years later.
Mohamed Badie has had his death sentence confirmed by a Cairo court. 13 other defendants were handed their sentences as 37 people. They were found guilty of plotting unrest after Mohamed Morsi's overthrow.
Glenna Kohl of Barnstable spent years in the sun as a Cape Cod lifeguard and countless hours in indoor tanning beds while at college. She was diagnosed with melanoma just after graduating from a Rhode Island college in 2005. Three years later, at just 26 years old, Glenna would be dead after a painful cancer battle. Now, her parents want the world to know the very real dangers posed by tanning even to the very young.
The body-building community is in shock after the premature death of Phil Primmer. The Darwin man, aged just 42, had reportedly just been to see a doctor to seek treatment for neck pain when he died. He was given CPR but it was too late by the time emergency services arrived, according to friends on Facebook. The chiselled competitor sadly leaves behind his wife and two children, including son Shannan and his young daughter Miami.
The figure is made up of $2.8bn resulting from false-positive mammograms and another $1.2bn attributed to breast cancer overdiagnosis. Breast cancer is the second most common cause of death from cancer among American women, claiming nearly 41,000 lives a year. Annual mammograms starting at 40 years old have long been considered standard for preventive care.
PM said voters were not 'fully sure' about the Tories at the last election. He said he only needed 23 seats to win a majority, before adding: 'If I fall short of those 23 seats I will feel I have not succeeded'
Bodies of six soldiers were discovered in a farmer's field in Belgium in 2008 and 2010. It is thought they were given a field burial during the First Battle of Ypres. They were finally laid to rest in a cemetery near the city of Ypres this morning.
Lorenzo Simon, 34, forced victim Michael Spalding, 39, to decorate his flat. He then attacked handyman when he refused to work any longer. Simon then dismembered the handyman using a hacksaw and put body parts into two suitcases. Today he was found guilty of murder after a jury took 15 hours to decide by unanimous verdict at Birmingham Crown Court.
London's first Acai Berry Bowl Cafe opens this week. Prices start at £6 for a bowl of four types of acai berries. Comes after the success of cereal cafes and a porridge pop-up.
Mandy Dunford, 54, was followed around her farm by Kenneth Ward, 67. Ward, naked apart from socks and boots, performed sex acts in front of her. He was jailed for five years in 2011 after admitting exposure and firearms offences. Judge also imposed a Sexual Offences Prevention Order banning flasher from being within 200 metres of Miss Dunford. Ward has now been released and has successfully appealed to have the restraining order overturned.
Relations between Moscow and Washington have soured over the conflict in Russia's neighbor Ukraine, sinking to an all-time low. On Saturday, Putin said the U.S. and Russia have a common agenda of general efforts directed at making the world economy more democratic.
Francis Pusok, 30, fled his home in San Bernardino County on Thursday when Sheriff's deputies showed up to arrest him on identity theft charges. He led cops on a two-and-a-half hour chase on horseback before they shot him with a taser and he fell to the ground. Footage taken from a helicopter shows the officers kicking and punching Pusok more than 80 times as he lay helpless on the ground. Pusok says he was handcuffed for '99 per cent' of the beating. 10 officers involved in the incident have been placed on paid administrative leave while the FBI investigates
Fruit juices often have more sugar than a can of cola, officials have warned. Some brands contain more than a day's recommended intake of sugar in a single 300ml serving. Local Government Association accused soft drink firms of 'dragging their heels' It said children under the age of ten get almost a fifth of their sugar intake from soft drinks.
Timothy Eli Thompson was born without any nasal passages or sinus cavities. His mother Brandi McGlathery said Facebook removed a photo of her son a pro-life group tried to post to promote Eli's story. The story was shared 30,000 times in six hours and the ban was lifted.
Nasa scientists in California have released new images of Ceres. They were taken by the Dawn spacecraft from a distance of 21,000 miles (33,000km) The spacecraft is beginning to move closer and closer to Ceres. And it will soon study the whole planet - including its mystery bright spots. The images have not yet revealed what the mystery ‘bright spots’ on the surface of the world are, which have gripped the attention of scientists.
Philip Kirby was jailed for eight years in 2011 for raping Gemma Redhead. He was released after three years and phoned his former partner last month. Miss Redhead, 33, was left terrified and unable to sleep or eat. She said the 46-second call'reawakened all of the fear and terror of the attack'
Rosemary Taylor, communications director of Georgia's Brookhaven, fired. Allegedly stopped tourism photo shoot with black and Asian models. Said they were 'not the image I want for the city' and made 'racist' remark. Photographer Nelson Jones and models Dominique Jackson and Khamlee Vongvone were then asked to leave Cherry Blossom Festival by a city official. Ms Taylor claims she was wrongly accused in incident; an internal investigation is ongoing.
Sex by Numbers: What statistics can tell us about sexual behaviour was released this week. Tracey Cox investigates various sexual statistical claims and separates myth from reality.
Mike Keen, the Labour leader's cousin, said he was 'officially confused' Mr Miliband used a speech yesterday to say he would 'abolish' the 200-year-old rule. But in January Ed Balls said it would cost the country money.
Turia Pitt suffered burns to 64 per cent of her body during a fire three-and-a-half years ago. She recently ran a half-marathon and beat the time she ran before the 2011 Kimberley blaze. On Thursday, she will host a fundraising gala to raise funds for the same charity that saved the sight of a burned baby in Laos.
Robert Bates, 73, shot Eric Harris, 44, after he was confronted during an undercover gun-sale operation in Tulsa, Oklahoma on April 2. He has been charged with second-degree manslaughter but a judge has allowed him to take a previously planned vacation to the Bahamas. Harris' family said the trip'sends a message of apathy'
From £3,000 Jimmy Choo shoes to a £35,000 gown and a £40,000 necklace, Claudia Connell and Eliza Scarborough reveal how Downton Abbey star Lily’s very special wardrobe would be a stretch even for Prince Charming’s bulging wallet.
Kenyan special forces took at least seven hours to respond to massacre. Troops were called in from Nairobi to Garissa, 225miles from the capital. Help did not arrive until just before 2pm, local media reports. Government has defended the long response time, comparing it to being a goalkeeper as 'they only remember the one you missed'
A report to the French government is urging eateries to embrace 'doggy bags' The bags allow customers to bring leftover food home with them. Socialist MP Guillaume Garot said change in attitudes could save France £14bn a year.
Britt McHenry, 28, was filmed berating a parking lot attendant at a Chinese restaurant in Arlington, Virginia, on April 6. She told the attendant she was 'in the news, sweetheart, I will f------g sue this place', adding 'I'm on television and you're in a f---ing trailer, honey' ESPN immediately suspended her for one week, but she could face further punishment. In a blog post, she said she is dedicated to helping women feel 'comfortable in their own skin'
Ava Gardner called 34 Ennismore Gardens her 'little London retreat' and now a slice of it could be yours for £500,000 per year. Spread over 3,054 square feet it boasts two spacious reception rooms, a study and a modern state-of-the art kitchen. The Hollywood siren moved to London in 1968 and made 34 Ennismore Gardens her primary residence for over 20 years.
Star Wars: Episode VII - The Force Awakens hits theaters December 18. Box-office analysts predict it will rake in a global $500m on its opening weekend. That's more than the $483m record set by the final Harry Potter film - Harry Potter and the Deathly Hallows – Part 2 - in 2011.
Two men and one woman can be seen entering a San Fernando Valley home in the mid-afternoon. The burglars get into the house through the kitchen, peeking and even tip-toeing around as they walk through the living room of the empty home. The boy immediately ducks and then hits the camera over, but not before it was able to capture a visual of his face.
Robert Penny, 83, appeared at Melbourne Magistrates court on Monday. He is charged with murdering Claire Acocks and his wife Margaret Penny at Old London Coiffure Hairdressers in Portland on May 3, 1991. The women were found badly beaten, repeatedly stabbed, with their throats cut and were wrapped in black hair wraps. Penny was remanded in custody to appear in the Melbourne Magistrates Court for a committal mention on July 6.
U.S. District Judge Lance Africk set a trial date for June 22. Durst is an estranged member of the wealthy family that operates 1 World Trade Center. He also faces a murder charge in California and two weapons charges in Louisiana.
David Cameron made a visit to Poole in Dorset and sunny Bristol. He appeared alongside George Osborne, Chancellor of the Exchequer. Mr Cameron spent the morning in Poole and apparently ate a hot dog.
Timothy Rogalski 'called the school on Tuesday morning and left four messages on its answerphone and the fifth time he spoke to an administrative assistant' He 'accused staff of being behind the December 14, 2012 shooting that left 20 children and six educators dead' The calls were traced back to his home in Wallingford, about 40 miles from where the shooting unfolded. He has been charged with harassment and disorderly conduct.
Buyers must now increasingly treat asking prices as a starting point for negotiations, it is claimed. Average sale prices are about £207,000 in the UK, advertised asking prices are typically £74,000 higher at £281,000. Researchers analysed sold price data from the Office for National Statistics, Land Registry, Halifax and Nationwide.
Seven of Michael Slager's colleagues responded to his call for back-up. The fact that Walter Scott's wounds were to the back do not feature in subsequent accounts of the shooting given to the media, or in the force's incident report filed after the shooting. Officers also told an internal report that they gave Scott CPR, but the video only shows them checking his pulse and standing over his body. One officer is also present when Slager picks up an object - allegedly his Taser - and puts it near Scott's body.
Iona Costello, 51, and her 14-year-old daughter Emily were last seen on March 30 near their home in the wealthy seaside village of Greenport. Their car was found in a parking garage on 42nd street in Manhattan. Emily did not return to her East Hampton school from Spring Break this week.
Helen Dunn, 78, was shocked to discover her cover images for Span. The grandmother was just 17 years old at the time of the shoot. She went on to marry professional footballer Alan Dunn three years later.
The question, 'So when is Cheryl’s birthday?' was one of 25 questions set in the Singapore and Asian Schools Math Olympiad. At first, it appears impossible to answer without more information but pictured is the method used to work it out. This year around 28,000 students from countries across the world including Singapore, China and the UK took the test.
Property prices are predicted to fall by up to 10 per cent in some states with economists tipping a housing surplus in 2017. Goldman Sachs predicts population growth will slow to 1.25 per cent due to low birth rates, high death rates and falling net migration. This is significantly lower than widely-used Australian Bureau of Statistics population predictions of between 1.7 and 1.8 per cent. This will create an oversupply and see property prices fall by between 5 and 10 per cent in markets where construction supply has been strong.
Derek Tanswell and Sharon Snook defected to Ukip two weeks ago. They hope to be re-elected as Frome councillors in Somerset in May. But their election leaflet landed on the doormat of teacher Suzy Howlett. She used her red pen to highlight spelling, grammar and punctuation. 'I think you mean borders, not residents of a school or guest house', she wrote.
Odds on the name Sam have been slashed for the second royal baby. Bookmakers have been inundated with bets on the name following jockey's success. Jockey Sam Waley-Cohen is the Duchess of Cambridge's close friend. The 33-year-old was once dubbed 'The Royal Matchmaker' after he helped the couple rekindle their romance in 2007.
Labour leader visited Praise House Community Church in Croydon. bowed his head while church leaders prayed for him. Last year Miliband described himself as a 'Jewish atheist' But all party leaders are now trying to reach religious groups.
Charlie Kwentus, 42, from Webster Groves, Missouri, was granted his dying wish by the Annie's Hope Bereavement Center for Kids. The charity provided all of his family with star treatment for the day, with black tie makeovers and a limousine included. Tear-jerking footage from the special event shows Kwentus dancing with his daughters Maren, aged nine, and Zoe, 13, before stopping to give a heartfelt speech.
David Cameron will amend Working Times regulations to allow time off. Workers will be able to volunteer or serve as a school governor for three days. Plan will only affect workers at firms with at least 250 staff in the private sector.
Keith Boudreau, 42, of Quincy was pronounced dead on Friday morning following the March 23 attack. Paul Fahey, 43, reportedly beat Boudreau for just staring in his direction during the 'unprovoked attack' Boudreau was taken to hospital with life-threatening injuries following the attack and was removed from life support on Monday.
Clinton Cash, written by political foe Peter Schweizer, will be published May 5. Claims there is a clear trend of money flowing into the Clinton Foundation. Examples include free trade agreements and development projects.
Latika Bourke was eight months old when she was adopted from an orphanage in the slums of India. She was adopted along with two of her siblings and started a new life in Bathurst, 200km west of Sydney. But she had no interest in exploring her origins until she watched the movie Slumdog Millionaire. The film was nothing short of life-changing for Latika and led her to a fulfilling spiritual journey back to where it all began.
The stormy weather system, formed in the Tasman Sea, hasn't hit NSW this strong since 2007. East Coast Lows are characterised by gales or storm force winds that can damage buildings, fell trees and powerlines. They can also dump hundreds of millimetres of rain, causing flash flooding and riverine flooding. On Monday night 24 Sydney suburbs incurred 100mm of rainfall, with Blacktown hit hardest. An estimated 100,000 homes are without power on Tuesday morning across Sydney, the Central Coast and Hunter region.
Baby boy was found in female toilets of a shoe factory by a cleaner. Xiao Ying, 17, said she was afraid to tell her parents she was pregnant. She denied giving birth, but came clean when managers saw that she had blood on her shoes. The father of the girl said they could not keep the baby.
Engineers at Flow IFE have developed a virtual reality headset for planes. Device uses motion sensors to show a moving horizon on the screen. It can help to combat the conflict between the information coming from a person's eyes and their sense of balance in the inner ear, which can lead to travel sickness. The company showcased a prototype of its device at the Aircraft International Expo in Hamburg last week.
Patrick Randall was 16 in May 1990 when he held a knife to Gregory Smart's throat as his friend Billy Flynn, shot him in the head. Flynn was Pamela Smart's then-16-year-old lover and shot her husband dead at her request. Now 41, Randall won parole Thursday at his first hearing - he won't be released until after June 4.
Residents claim to have heard 'drilling' noises on night of Good Friday. They say they thought it was simply a continuation of road works nearby. It has also been alleged that the thieves returned a day after the initial robbery. Former bank robber Noel 'Razor' Smith said it was likely organised by a 'Mr Big'
The video shows how Angelo West, 41, immediately jumps out of the car and shoots Officer John Moynihan, 34, under the eye at close range. West then fires at the other officers as he runs across the busy street. Boston Police Commissioner William Evans said that 'during this particular incident' the officers had no other choice.
Robin Ellis, 73, was diagnosed with type 2 diabetes in 1999 aged 58. Had none of the tell-tale symptoms such as increased thirst or urination. Smoking 20 roll-ups a day for 20 years, he gave up when he was 40.
Andy Murray and Kim Sears will marry in Dunblane Cathedral on Saturday. Local businesses have decorated their shop windows with messages. Trees were seen being wheeled into the venue earlier today. The decoration was first seen at the royal wedding in 2011.
Kealeigh-Anne Woolley was just seven months old when she was left blind, unable to talk and severely brain damaged after being shaken by Colin Heath. She spent most of her life in a wheelchair and could only eat through a tube until her death in 2011. Heath, now 43, was jailed for three years and two months at Birmingham Crown Court after he admitted manslaughter.
The T-shirt is thought to be a play on the Fatboy Slim song Eat Sleep Rave Repeat. The unidentified male concert-goer was photographed at Coachella wearing the shirt on Sunday.
Paypal said that the devices would be powered by stomach acid and include mini computers. Global Head of Developer Evangelism Jonathan Leblanc said passwords as they are now were not working and that users need to ‘harden it with something physical behind it’ Other possibilities include silicon chips which are put under the skin and ‘wearable computer tattoos’ which send information via a wireless connection.
Lisa Morgan, 40, set up Top of the World Roofing for Sean Meade, 45. But she grew suspicious when he started to stay out all night. She said she found calls to another woman and his phone bill was upended. Miss Morgan said: 'I changed it to stop other women falling for his charm'
Conrad Clitheroe is in a cell with friends Gary Cooper and Neil Munro. They were arrested in February at Fujairah Airport for writing down plane numbers. Mr Clitheroe's wife Valerie says he has now run out of blood pressure medication.
Superior Court Judge Orlando Hudson Jr. said prosecutors had two aggravating factors and that Craig Stephen Hicks is 'death penalty qualified' Hicks is charged with three counts of first-degree murder in the February 10 killings of 23-year-old Deah Shaddy Barakat; his wife, 21-year-old Yusor Mohammad Abu-Salha; and her sister, 19-year-old Razan Mohammad Abu-Salha.
Our willingness to learn is significantly influenced by our genes, according to a study by Goldsmiths University in London and Ohio State University. Psychologists studied more than 13,000 twins aged nine to 16 from six countries, including the UK, Canada, Japan, Germany, Russia and the US. They found genetics and non-shared-environment factors had the largest effect on the children’s motivation to learn, whereas the shared environment had negligible impact.
Teenagers will be encouraged to learn foreign languages by talking about tattoos, music festivals, YouTube and rap music. Exam board officials yesterday unveiled a draft syllabus for 14 to 16-year-olds which they said would ‘make content more contemporary’ Some students will be asked to study a review of a gritty 15-rated foreign film. Others will look at Spanish tweets on the Olympic Games.
Chris Ball made the most gut-wrenching final goodbye video to his family. The 21-year-old was found dead by his brother and stepfather on September 14 last year. His family have shared the video to raise awareness of depression. Chris was taken to Redland hospital in Brisbane 11 days earlier but was sent home with 10 Valium because there was a shortage of beds.
A shark swims into the shore at Papamoa Beach in the Bay of Plenty. Onlookers get out of the sea sharpish to take photographs and videos. 'Look at it, it's huge,' shouted a boy from the shore.
Maureen McDonnell and her husband, former Gov. Bob McDonnell, were convicted in a joint trial in September of accepting more than $165,000 in gifts and loans from former Star Scientific Inc. CEO Jonnie Williams. Among the gifts were almost $20,000 worth of designer clothing and accessories for Maureen McDonnell, vacations, golf outings and $15,000 for a daughter's wedding. Bob McDonnell was sentenced in February to two years in prison and his wife to one year and one day, but they remain free while they pursue separate appeals.
Ralph Cramer, 70, and his wife, Lynn, 59, were returning home from the Creekside Café in Mount Joy at about 9 p.m. on Sunday when the accident occurred. First responders arrived to find that the couple had died from multiple traumatic injuries suffered in the crash. The 1923 Model T Ford convertible, which had been rebuilt, skidded off the roadway and flipped over.
Andrew O'Clee, 36, married first wife Michelle Agbulos in 2008. But while they were trying for a baby, he had already started his double life. He later turned up at the birth of his daughter, Amelia, and cut the umbilical cord. He then told his wife he had to leave with a police escort. But deception was uncovered last August when Michelle discovered a video of him on Facebook completing the ice bucket challenge – where people are filmed being drenched in freezing water for charity. O'Clee was jailed for eight months at Chichester Crown Court yesterday.
Samantha says only 4% of women were brave enough to walk through a door marked 'beautiful' in the Dove campaign. She has received death threats for standing up and saying 'I'm beautiful'
Researchers at Sheffield University analysed people with a body mass index of 30 or more - a recognised measure of obesity. They found obese people fall into one of six categories:. 'Younger healthy females' - also the youngest group. 'Heavy drinking males' showed similar characteristics, but consumed a high level of alcohol. 'Unhappy anxious middle-aged' group was primarily female, had poor mental health and reported high levels of insomnia, anxiety, depression and fatigue.
Several DEA agents were taking part in alleged'sex parties' in Colombia starting in 2001 according to a new report. This news comes two weeks after a report found that at least 7 agents admitted sleeping with prostitutes while on overseas assignments.
Prosecutors say the driver with a concealed carry permit shot a 22-year-old man who opened fire on a group of pedestrians in Logan Square. The man, identified by The Washington Post as Everardo Custodio, shot at people walking in front of the driver’s vehicle on Friday night in the busy neighborhood. The driver - a 47-year-old man from the Little Italy neighborhood - then grabbed his own weapon and fired six rounds at Custodio, striking him multiple times.
Dramatic rescue earlier in the week led to 210 mainly-Burmese nationals being identified. Those who said they wanted to stay did so because they claimed they were owed years of back pay from their bosses. Many of the men interviewed said they were tricked or even kidnapped before being put on boats in Thailand and taken to Indonesia.
Tony Lopez Lozano, 35, was charged with the August 2013 murder of his boyfriend, Brian Romo, after fatally stabbing Romo in the heart following an argument at their Oregon City home. Lozano pleaded guilty to first-degree manslaughter as part of a plea deal and, on Monday, a judge sentenced him to 10 years in prison -- much to the dismay of the victim's mother, Kathleen Tapia.
Chief executive George Whitesides has said the new spacecraft is nearly ready. He said it could begin test flights by the end of this year. Its predecessor was destroyed in the Mojave Desert on 31 October 2014. Co-pilot Michael Alsbury was killed and pilot Peter Siebold was injured. Richard Branson has previously spoken of his desire to push forward.
Researchers in North Carolina claim that zapping the brain with a mild electric current can boost creativity by nearly eight per cent. They tested their theory using a 10-Hertz current on the brain's of 20 volunteers to stimulate the brain's natural alpha wave oscillations. As well as creativity, these oscillations - or the lack of them - are linked with depression.
Police have returned to the home of Bill Spedding for the third time this year - a person of interest in the case of missing toddler William Tyrrell. The 63-year-old's home had been searched earlier in the year, in January and March, after it was unveiled that he was due to fix William's grandmother's washing machine around the time the boy vanished. Mr Spedding has strongly denied any involvement and police have previously stressed he isn't their only line of inquiry.
Body of Sarah Fox, 27, was found by police in Bootle on Thursday night. Hours later her mother Bernadette, 57, was found dead at sheltered accommodation. Police say Mrs Fox died of asphyxiation, while daughter was repeatedly stabbed. Detectives are now hunting for 26-year-old Peter Fox, the women's brother. They say they want to speak 'urgently' with him in connection to the deaths. Bernadette and Sarah's family said they are 'absolutely devastated' at their loss.
Cathryn Parker has lived under at least 74 aliases in Los Angeles, mainly those of Hollywood production workers. Police started to investigate Parker after realizing she gave the traffic officers a false name. Tracking down her house, they found she was leasing under another false name.
Dermatologist Dawn Marie Davies, from the Mayo Clinic in Minnesota, warns sunbed users could be putting themselves at risk of contracting herpes. Genital herpes is highly contagious and spreads from one person to another via skin-to-skin contact. It is commonly passed on through sex and oral sex. Once a person is infected with the virus it can reactivate every so often to cause a new episode of painful genital herpes.
A dramatic road rage incident between a truck driver and two young men has been caught on camera. The footage was taken last Monday in Forrestville in northern Sydney. It shows a driver behind the wheel of an AC & S truck tailgating, yelling and flashing his lights aggressively, nearly crashing into the back of a small Subaru car. The truck driver's employer AC & S said they had disciplined their employee in a statement.
Jesse and Melissa Meek announced they are expecting a child in a video set to the theme song from '90s television sitcom 'The Fresh Prince of Bel-Air' The clip, which features Jesse and Melissa Meek rapping as they drive in a car, has been viewed over 1.7 million times on YouTube.
Terrifying footage has emerged of young thugs who got out of their vehicle to threaten another driver while one was armed with a weapon at a set of traffic lights. The dashboard camera has captured the unnamed driver travelling along a Melbourne road when a red ute with P-plates quickly cuts into the lane to turn right at an intersection. Moments later, the red ute appears to look frustrated at the slow moving traffic as they attempt to overtake by carelessly swerving onto the wrong side of the road. As the driver in front passes through another intersection, the ute seems to have slowed down until they dashed passed
Sue Sim to retire with full pension after 30 years of service with Northumbria Police. Chief constable facing bullying probe for alleged Alex Ferguson-style treatment. Comes five years after she led police manhunt for killer Raoul Moat. Ms Sim said she was'sad' to leave the force but was retiring to spend more time with her family.
Aydian Ethan Dowling has around 40,000 votes to win the publication's annual Ultimate Guy Search. He would follow Iraq war veteran and amputee Noah Galloway, who clinched the top spot last year. The competition aims to find a man 'who possesses all of the qualities that make up today's well-rounded, active, health-conscious and thoughtful guy'
Players including Steven Gerrard, Theo Walcott and Phil Jones could face probe they plugged an Adidas sale on Twitter. Manchester City's David Silva and Everton's Phil Jagielka were also among around a dozen players sponsored by the firm.
Stacey Eden, 23, stood up for a Muslim woman and her partner on a Sydney train on Wednesday afternoon. The woman allegedly called the couple 'ISIS supporters' and insulted the woman's husband and headscarf. Ms Eden switched on the video camera on her mobile phone to record the vile rant before rushing to Muslim couple's defence with a fiery spray. Hafeez Ahmed Bhatti, who was racially abused along with his wife, thanked Ms Eden on Thursday.
Christine Lagarde, the first female chief executive of the International Monetary Fund, and Plaid Cymru's Leanne Wood, chose hot pink for her live election debate last Thursday. The sudden rise in use among powerful women is said to be down to the way that the colour is perceived.
Shezoy Bleary allegedly attacked 31-year-old Copeland and two women with a switchblade in the early morning hours outside a Chelsea nightclub. Copeland, a former player for the New York Knicks, was slashed in the elbow and abdomen and underwent surgery to repair the wounds on Wednesday. Copeland's wife Katrine Saltara, 28, was also stabbed during the early-morning altercation after they left popular New York club 1OAK. Another woman, Catherine Somani, 23, was also stabbed in the abdomen as she apparently tried to break up the fight. Copeland and his wife were both listed in stable condition at
The 34-year-old Keeping Up with the Kardashians star added that she wants North to follow in her footsteps and be confident in what she wears.
John Tuite, 22, and Carlos Santolalla, 25, go by the nicknames Jarlos and It Couple, respectively. The male models have been signed to Fusion Models, the first agency to sign an openly gay couple.
Kim Hill, from Suffolk, was abused by her step-father from the age of four. The 31-year-old was forced to dress up in her mother's lingerie at the age of eight. She was also made to watch porn films and performed a sex act on her. Kim never revealed her past until she met her husband Rob, 34, in 2013. He asked if she had been abused as a child due to her withdrawn nature. Her fiancé encouraged her to approach the police about her attacker. Derek Osborne was jailed for 20 years for abusing Kim from the age of four.
Swiss researchers measured the temperature of 'Hot Jupiter' HD 189733b. They found the temperature reaches up to 3,000C in the atmosphere. And wind speeds are in excess of 620 mph (1,000km/h) The findings were made using a novel technique relying on sodium signals. This technique works by measuring the ‘sodium signal’ from distant worlds. When a planet passes in front of its star, the intensity of this signal varies. Lower down on the planet, temperatures are believed to drop to 1,700C (3,100F)
Nasa scientists in California have revealed new images of the dwarf planet Ceres. They reveal new views of the two brightest spots in a crater. However, scientists are still not able to explain what they are. Several theories currently exist for what they might be, with the favoured being salt flats or ice - both reflecting sunlight. Dawn will begin its first science orbit around Ceres on 23 April.
Poundland began as a single shop in Burton-on-Trent 25 years ago. It has now become Europe's largest single-price discount retailer. Firm has opened 60 net new stores in the UK and Ireland in last year.
Jason Edward Harrington worked with the government agency for six years. Said staff will often pull attractive travellers aside so they can inappropriately touch them and will conduct bag checks on people they simply do not like. His comments follow revelations that two TSA workers were fired for manipulating body scanners in Denver as part of a scheme to pat men down before they boarded their flights.
Matthew Whelan, 35, from Birmingham, has spent £40,000 on tattoos. He officially changed his name to King of Inkland King Body Art The Extreme Ink-ite. Says he has been forced to go it alone and is now planning to set up his own business.
The test was carried out by Cardiff-based iPhone repairs specialist iPhoneFixed.co.uk. It used a sapphire screen from a 38mm Apple Watch for its experiment. Two out of the three models of Apple Watches, which are available to pre-order from today, have sapphire glass screens.
According to Nielsen ratings, ABC's World News Tonight with David Muir attracted 84,000 more viewers for the week ending April 3. NBC's 288 consecutive week winning run had stetched back to September 2009. The drop from the top spot comes two months after anchor Brian Williams received a six-month suspension for misleading viewers. In Williams' continued absence, well-liked veteran Lester Holt continues to fill in as substitute anchor at NBC.
Annegret Raunigk, from Berlin, is already a mother of 13. She decided to expand her family further after her youngest child told her: 'I want to have a little brother or sister' Sue Tollefsen, from Essex, gave birth to her only child, Freya, in 2008 when she was aged 57.
Gang of at least three people poured gasoline on a car that stopped to fill up at a 76 Station in South Los Angeles around 12:15am on Saturday. The driver said he got into an argument with the suspects while he was pumping gas. The group covered his white Dodge Charger in gasoline and lit it ablaze while there were two passengers inside. Los Angeles County Fire Department is investigating the incident as an arson.
More than £1.5billion worth of unwanted online shopping is piling up. Four in ten Britons have an average of £77 of unwanted good lying around. Most people say it is simply too inconvenient to return the item.
Hollywood actress says more needs to be done to raise awareness of dementia. Carey Mulligan's grandmother Margaret Booth has Alzheimer's. Says there is a'shame or humour' attached to the illness, which causes memory loss and language problems.
Dashcam footage shows the officers using their patrol vehicles to steer the one ton bison off the road and back to his farm near the city of Round Rock. Despite the detour, the buffalo made it home safely free of injury. His owner, 79-year-old Joe Don Kotrla-Chipps, told Fox News that Big Boy has got into bad habits recently and has taken to jumping over his fence.
Gary told MailOnline that Jason is excited to come and see his former bandmates on their new tour. The band will kick off their tour in Glasgow on April 27.
The Maldives is one of the most stunning honeymoon destinations in the world. The Dhaalu Atoll is a 40-minute seaplane flight from the capital Malé. The island of Niyama is a superlative beachfront studio.
Truck drivers in Victoria are dealing drugs from the behind the wheel of 60-tonne rigs, using secretive codes over their radio systems. 156 truck drivers tested positive for drugs on Victoria's roads in the past year alone. It was revealed that they are using their log books to roll out lines and smoke ice. One in every 12 truckies tested positive for drugs while out on the road.
The mum-of-two, 46, is the face of Lindex's Spring 2015 campaign. Also stars German model Toni Garrn and Ethiopia-born Liya Kebede. Lindex opened its first UK store in Westfield Stratford, London, on March 27.
Cle 'Bone' Sloan told police Suge Knight growled 'I'll kill you' before 'everything went black' Police say that was the moment before Knight killed Terry Carter and tried to kill Sloan by ramming over them in his pick-up truck. Sloan said Knight appeared to be reaching for a gun on the passenger seat while moving the gear stick.
Roma family accused of trafficking Czech migrants into the UK. Victims were 'treated like dogs' and made to urinate in buckets, court told. They were also threatened with violence if they didn't comply, it is alleged. Five members of Plymouth family are on trial for people trafficking.
The Mole Urban project aims to reduce the level of road freight within urban areas by using pipelines carrying goods in capsules to edge of town consolidation centres. The development project is set to last nine months and if successful could be rolled out in other towns. The driverless capsules would be propelled by a magnetic wave produced by linear induction motors.
13-year-old Zeynab Daghastani gunned down by ISIS snipers in Damascus. Girl was reportedly trying to flee militant-held Al-Yarmouk Camp last week. She was shot dead as she made her way to nearby neighbourhood of Yalda. Relief worker claims activists and relief workers are also being targeted.
Former Royal chef Darren McGrady said the brothers swapped the instructions from their nanny for their own in which they asked for fast food. William and Harry were apparently fed up with the endless diet of traditional English food so wanted a change. Mr McGrady said that their 'juvenile handwriting gave their identity away' - and that they ended up with roast chicken anyway.
Families in the UK are more indebted than many other major developed nations. IMF says UK and Portugal have problem with household debt, along with U.K.
Len McCluskey conducted a two-day tour of the Principality to drum up support for Labour's cause. His gospel of traditional hard-left socialism goes down well with the converted. Yet all the smiles cannot hide the reality that McCluskey and his union are a potent, sinister force in British politics.
Norma Esparza, 40, testified Thursday at the murder trial of ex-boyfriend Gianni Van, 45, who is charged with killing Gonzalo Ramirez in 1995. Esparza says Van demanded she find and point out Ramirez at the bar where she met him. Prosecutors allege Van and friends kidnapped and beat Ramirez and left him by the roadside.
Holly Beard and Steve Hancock tipped the scales at over 41st between them. Holly decided to slim down after receiving cruel taunts at work. She has since gone from 17st 8lb to a slim 11st 9lb in just nine months. Steve has gone from 23st 7lb to a healthier 18st 7lb since June last year.
Jodie Bredo, 26, from Essex, has been a professional Kate lookalike for six years. Says the Duchess of Cambridge dresses 'too frumpy' for her age. She often does jobs with a Prince William lookalike but fancies Harry more.
Newly launched app, Honest, allows users to pose questions, remain anonymous and get feedback from fellow anonymous users. The personal dilemmas posted range from relationship questions such as 'My long term girlfriend is bad in bed...shall I tell her?' to questions about sexual dysfunction and secret crushes.
'He should have been in a retirement home, not out there on the scene killing my dad,' says Aidan Fraley, the 16-year-old son of Eric Harris. Bates has said he mistakenly pulled out a handgun rather than a stun gun when he fatally shot Eric Harris on April 2 as he lay on the ground.
Raheem Sterling and Jordon Ibe pictured holding shisha pipes in a bar. The Liverpool pair can be seen smiling and joking as they hold pipes. It is the second time Sterling has been pictured smoking from a shisha pipe.
Andreja Pejic underwent gender-confirmation surgery last year and took to the runway for the first time as a woman during designer Giles Deacon's Autumn/Winter 2015 show in February. The 23-year-old Serbian-born model is thought to be the first transgender model to land a major cosmetics campaign.
The marine mammal was discovered bleeding from its head along the south end of Sharp Park State Beach in Pacifica on Tuesday. On Wednesday scientists and biologists sought to determine how the massive animal died. It is the seventeenth dead sperm whale to beach along the North Coast of California in over the 40 years.
Burger King contacted Joel Burger and Ashley King via Skype and gave them the good news. BK will be paying for the wedding and providing personalized gift bags, Mason Jars and Burger King crowns. The couple has been known as Burger-King since they were in the fifth grade together, in New Berlin near Springfield.
US scientists have found a way to use discarded corn husks and stalks to make cheap hydrogen fuel that doesn't pollute the environment like fossil fuels. The breakthrough could one day see the fuel being produced locally and drivers stopping to refuel their vehicles at roadside bioreactors instead of pumping petrol into their motor. Researchers at Virginia Polytechnic Institute and State University have shown that it's possible to convert 100 per cent of the sugar in corn stalks and husks into hydrogen gas. Other hydrogen fuel production methods rely on highly processed sugars, but the Virginia Tech team used corn husks and stalks, which are known as dirty
The Department of Veteran Affairs has received 384 applications in the past 12 months that have been approved to use the word Anzac. Forty-four items were rejected for a range of reasons, including it was too commercial or its name was inappropriate. organisations such as the Church of Scientology, Woolworths, and online sites Teespring, Zazzle and Redbubble were reprimanded for using the word Anzac.
David Cameron is narrowly winning the battle for undecided voters. ComRes survey of 4,000 voters found 37 per cent are impressed with PM's performance. Separate poll suggests Ukip's vote is being squeezed in key constituencies.
Lisa McElroy, 50, who teaches legal writing at Drexel University, reportedly sent the inappropriate message on March 31. Bared the subject line: 'Great article on writing briefs' When recipients opened the enclosed link, they were directed to a video of 'a woman engaging in a sexually explicit act' Following a number of complaints, the college issued an apology to students. It's been reported that McElroy has been placed on administrative leave.
Gang broke into aviary and bundled 200 rare birds into sacks. They dumped them on floor before kicking them and forcing them out of windows. Birds were also jammed into drawers, squeezed to death and even chased by a dog. Three men and a youth have been convicted of their involvement and will be sentenced next month.
Dawn Milosky has been charged with driving while intoxicated and having an open container of alcohol in the vehicle. Dashcam footage shows police in the borough of Kinnelon race to the incident just after 6 p.m. on Thursday following a tip-off about someone driving erratically in the local area. Smoke was already coming out of the woman's white 2006 Toyota Solara convertible, which had been turned upside down. It took two minutes for the cops to cut the woman from her seat belt and pull her limp body from the wreckage. About 30 seconds later the flames are visible, and one of the officers can
The largest of the stations is Anna Creek Station in South Australia which covers an enormous 23,000 square kilometres. The eleven cattle farms cover over 100,000 square kilometres and are being sold by the family business S. Kidman and Co. All of the farms include the original equipment as well as the stock which is a beneficial deal.
Jessica Silva killed her ice addict partner James Polkinghorne three years ago. She stabbed him five times in the shoulder, chest and back. Ms Silva pleaded not guilty to her partner's murder on the basis of self-defence. A jury found her guilty of the lesser charge of manslaughter. She escaped a jail term, after the judge found the killing was done in the most 'extreme circumstances'
The First Lady and Marian Robinson, 76, enjoyed a five-course meal at Lupa, a small Italian eatery on Thompson Street in New York's Greenwich Village on Saturday. The menu, priced at $65 per person, plus $49 with wine pairings, is a five-course set meal.
Aeman Presley, 34, faces charges for the killing of two homeless men in Atlanta, another man sleeping outdoors in DeKalb County and a hairdresser in a parking garage. District attorneys in both DeKalb County and Fulton County have said they will seek the death penalty. An investigator for the Fulton County district attorney's office detailed Presley's slide and eventual turn to violence in court documents.
Neil Moore, 28, was on remand at Wandsworth Prison for £1.8million fraud. He emailed wardens posing as a court clerk at 'Southwalk Crown Court' It allowed the fraudster to brazenly walk out of prison on March 10 last year. Escape motivated by Moore's fear he would be harmed by fellow inmates.
Vulcan will use new engines, mid-air recovery and a new upper stage. Aim of both SpaceX and ULA is to end US dependence on Russian-built rocket engines. ULA said the new rocket's first stage will be powered by a pair of liquid-oxygen and liquefied methane engines under development by Blue Origin.
The birth of Alanna and Stephan Goetzinger's third daughter was supposed to be an intimate family moment. Instead, the night turned to tragedy when the little girl Rana died either during birth or within minutes afterwards. A coroner found that the midwife who assisted at the birth in 2012 was 'grossly inadequate' and may have contributed to the death of the baby. But the couple refuses to blame the midwife, and are in fact defending her actions.
More than a third of mothers clothed second baby in one or more hand-me-downs. Only 23 per cent have a keepsake for their second, a report by Debenhams found.
Cassandra Cassidy had just arrived for her late-night shift at a rehab centre. Two women approached her and asked to use her phone to call for help. She was shot in a drive-by and died in hospital shortly afterwards.
Tipu Sultan was gunned down at the back of the Herbs n Spice takeaway. The 32-year-old was pronounced dead at the scene in South Shields. Witnesses report seeing two men on a motorbike driving away from the area. It has also emerged that Mr Sultan's father saw the shooting and closed the door as the weapon was pointed at him. People living close to the area have paid tribute to the father-of-two.
Sri Lanka is high on the list of places to visit in 2015. The teardrop-shaped island is recovering from a tsunami and civil war. Gareth Huw Davies enjoys the new stability on the island.
Travel doesn't come cheap, but it is possible to see some of the most amazing places on the planet on a tight budget. Here are some of the ways travellers can keep their costs down while satisfying their wanderlust.
Kim Sears watched her fiancé lose in the Men's Final at Miami Open. The 27-year-old wore a black silk mini dress for the third time this year. She will marry Andy Murray at Dunblane Cathedral on April 11.
Two women, 47 and 22, and two men, 24 and 22, held at Manchester Airport. They were among eight relatives stopped at Turkish border with Syria on April 1. Includes Waheed Ahmed, the 21-year-old son of Labour councillor Shakil Ahmed. Ahmed held on suspicion of commission, preparation or instigation of acts of terrorism.
University of Kentucky fans gathered near campus Saturday night following the team's ousting from the NCAA tournament. More than 30 were arrested on charges of public intoxication and disorderly conduct. Another three were taken to the hospital for non-serious injuries. The University of Wisconsin Badgers will now face off against Duke in the NCAA final on Monday.
Jackson County Chief Circuit Judge Thomas Wilson told'monster' James Tingley of Michigan 'the only money we should waste on you is the cost of a bullet' Wilson continued by saying he thinks locking Tingley up for the next 25 to 50 years in prison 'is worth every penny' 'The defendant has stolen the souls, or parts of the souls, of these children. He's used them to meet all of his sexual needs,' said Assistant Prosecutor Jennifer Walker.
A fundraising page has raised almost $50,000 in less than a week. Mai Mach, 60, was stabbed 23 times with garden shears in the backyard of her Melbourne home last Tuesday. Hours earlier her grandson Alistair, 4, was stabbed 18 times as he slept in his bed. Chinese national Cai Xia Liao, 45, has been charged with their murder. Liao cried loudly and became increasingly hysterical throughout a short hearing on Thursday.
Starmer ran CPS for five years and was in charge of Operation Elveden. Operation Elveden began its tainted 'witch hunt' into tabloid journalists. Will prompt a fresh examination of the tenure of the most controversial DPP.
Alan Davey controversially laid bare difficulties of station's top job. He was asked about changes to general classical music knowledge over 30 years. Station has been accused of 'dumbing down' in the past.
Dashcam footage shows Arizona officer Michael Rapiejko speeding down road. He overtakes another officer's car, before speeding toward armed Mario Valencia. Seconds later, Rapiejko's vehicle mounts curb and smashes into suspect's body. Valencia is sent flying into air, while car crashes through concrete wall. Other officer can be heard shouting in shock: 'Oh! Jesus Christ, man down' Rapiejko's actions have been defended by police chief in Marana.
Owner Safer Hassan has 30 days to get rid of the 'offensive' plate. He plans to appeal the decision by the Texan Department for Motor Vehicles.
April Morris of Bennettsville, South Carolina, thought she’d never see her beloved pit bull, Nina Louise, again after she went astray in December 2013. But this past Saturday she couldn’t believe her eyes when she saw footage of the pup’s rescue on local news. Nina Louise had just given birth to ten pups and is now back at home being nursed back to health.
Mrs Merkel and her husband, chemistry professor Joachim Sauer, have been spending Easter on the island of Ischia for over a decade. Due to the lack of sunshine, Mrs Merkel has reportedly avoided the pool and lounges and instead been enjoying Pilates classes.
Mei Ru, 50, and her husband Song Ming, 53, were going shopping in China. She parked her car and Mr Ming climbed out the passenger side. Thinking his wife had stopped, Mr Song walked around and stood behind. But then Mrs Ru reversed, knocking him to the ground and backing over him. Mr Song was rushed to hospital but later died from internal bleeding and broken ribs.
Royal County of Berkshire Polo Club was founded in 1982. Prince Charles was its first member and is now its patron. It's attracted royals and celebrities including Prince William and Harry. But attempts to launch a brand of fashion and polo-related goods have been scuppered by the European Court.
Nigel Farage caused controversy by attacking the high cost of giving anti-retroviral drugs to sufferers not born in Britain. Ed Miliband said his comments were ‘disgusting’, Nick Clegg said they were ‘politics of the lowest form’ and chancellor George Osborne said he was ‘not going to dignify that with a response’
Brits spend £815m a year to'social media proof' their wardrobe. Nearly one third buy new clothes just to avoid being tagged. Almost a fifth said they would refuse to wear an outfit again if they knew there was a chance of appearing wearing the same thing online.
Charles Collins, 28, was on Market-Frankford line in Philadelphia. He saw elderly Alfred McNamee slip and fall onto electrified rails. Collins jumped onto the tracks after him and pulled him to safety. McNamee was badly hurt in the fall and broke his back and ribs. Collins, who hurt his leg in the rescue, said he is not a hero.
Miss BumBum winner Indianara Carvalho, 23, posted picture of nude body. Naked image of Virgin Mary was accompanied with prayer on Good Friday. Her Instagram followers accused her of disrespect and religious sacrilege. Claudia Alende, 21, came second in last year's Brazilian beauty pageant. Says she has been left'shocked and ashamed' by rival's risqué Easter stunt. 'I was actually embarrassed for her, even though she has no shame herself,' she said. 'I think in her head she doesn't care if it makes people talk well or talk badly
Gary Saurage, 45, runs the Gator Country wildlife park in Beaumont, Texas. He was called out on Monday morning to catch a 400lb, 11ft-long alligator from a family's backyard pond. A photograph of the capture shows Saurage approaching the giant reptile with his bare hands stretched forwards. He appears to looking at the creature directly in the eyes as it lurks in the bushes just a few feet away.
Valbona Yzeiraj was arrested on Thursday and pleaded not guilty to charges of assault, unauthorized practice of a profession and reckless endangerment. Authorities said the 45-year-old woman, from White Plains, did injections in people's mouths, performed root canals and pulled patients' teeth. She called herself 'Dr Val', putting on a lab coat when her boss, Dr Jeffrey Schoengold, wasn't present and doing dental work on unsuspecting patients.
Steve Esmond and his wife, Dr Theresa Devine, and their two teenage sons fell seriously ill during their stay at the Sirenusa Condominium Resort on the island of St. John. The family were airlifted to separate hospitals in Philadelphia suffering major respiratory trauma. Esmond, who is an administrator at a private school in Wilmington, is conscious but unable to move. Devine, a dentist, was treated and released from the hospital and is currently in occupational therapy. The US Department of Justice has initiated a criminal investigation into the matter.
Physical activity can increase grey matter in the brain, increasing the size of areas that contribute to balance and coordination. Changes in the brain may have health implications in the long-term, such as reducing the risk of falling. Previous research found exercise is linked to lower levels of body fat, a reduced risk of heart disease, better memory and thinking, and a lower risk of type 2 diabetes.
Wedding season is upon us and for brides on a budget, there's plenty of ways to save thousands of pounds on your special day. From scrimping on bar costs to avoiding hefty food bills FEMAIL has compiled the best budgeting tips for brides-to-be.
Luxury ski company Haute Montagne fulfilled all requests made by guests. They asked for a live-in tailor, two grand pianos and a horse and carriage. Another requested six helicopters and a £2,450 lily-of-the-valley bouquet.
Jeremy Clarkson set to appear on Have I Got News For You on April 25. It is the first time he has appeared on the BBC since Top Gear was axed. Corporation took weeks to decide if he should be allowed to host the show. Clarkson was dropped from the motoring show by the BBC on March 25. He punched producer Oisin Tymon after a row over a steak dinner.
The White House Kitchen Garden was full of school children on Wednesday afternoon as FLOTUS oversaw a session of planting spinach, broccoli, lettuce, radish and bok choy. The first lady then changed into a flawless black dress for the annual Grammys On The Hill Awards which were held at Hamilton Live in Washington, D.C. She was on hand to present 15-time Grammy winner Alicia Keys with The Recording Academy's Recording Artists' Coalition Award for her ongoing contribution to popular music.
Brisbane-based designer Khim Hang is believed to be the youngest to ever show at Mercedes-Benz Fashion Week Australia. He is heavily influenced by his Cambodian heritage and is committed to ethical production and looking after his workers. The 22-year-old showcased his collection HAN on Wednesday at Carriageworks in Sydney.
Video footage appears to show Manchester City fans singing a song mocking the Munich Air Disaster. The tragedy claimed 23 lives including Manchester United players. Greater Manchester Police will examine video evidence with both clubs to determine whether further action is necessary.
Laura Stevens' photo series 'Another November' captures the grief stages following the breakdown of a relationship. The British photographer, 38, who lives in Paris, found inspiration for the series after her own painful break up. She asked friends and women she met to pose based on the experience of losing love.
Sturgeon said politicians who begged Scotland to stay in the Union should not complain if the SNP calls the shots at Westminster after the election. Polling last night showed that the nationalists are extending their lead. Miliband refused four times to rule out going into a power-sharing agreement with the SNP if its MPs hold the balance of power for the first time.
Jerusalem syndrome affects a small percentage of visitors to the city. It is characterised by seven stages, including anxiety and agitation. sufferers are often consumed by a need to be clean, before donning a toga-like gown often made from hotel linen bed.
Tracy Spraggins, 39, has suffered from Lupus since she was six. In 2013, doctors in Birmingham, Alabama, said she would need a transplant. Husband PJ, 265lbs, submitted himself for a medical evaluation. In December 2014, he visited Nashville's Vanderbilt hospital, and the numbers all matched up. But the next day he was told his blood pressure was too high.
Manziel and Colleen Crowley were spotted together in public for the first time since he entered rehab when they attended Tuesday night's Texas Rangers game. On Tuesday, Crowley posted a video on her Instagram page of the Texan socialite enjoying a drunken night out with friends. Manziel finally re-emerged on the weekend after checking into a facility on January 28 stating that he wanted to 'be a better family member, friend and teammates'
The woman, named only as Ms Zhao, lives in a house bursting with frozen dishes and snacks. Husband Yin Yunfeng spent the last week of his annual holiday making all sorts of stir-fried dishes and about 1,000 dumplings. Mr Yin is stationed in a regiment in Tibet and only gets to go home once a year.
Shares in what is now called the BG Group rose by nearly 30 per cent to 1,153p. Rise came after oil giant Royal Dutch Shell announced plans to buy BG Group in a £47billion deal. British Gas was privatised by Margaret Thatcher’s government after the widely publicised ‘Tell Sid’ campaign.
The fire was sparked by a cooking stove in the Prado Dam Flood Control Basin, 35 miles southeast of downtown Los Angeles. By midday, Sunday, fire officials said they had contained 35 percent of the fire, which had ravaged the area and grown to 1.6 square miles.
Chef Jacques LaMerde appears under a fictional name to poke fun at high-end dining. The dishes use cheap, everyday junk food such as Fritos and Jimmy Dean sausage patties.
Pippa, 31, wore tweed skirt, black blouse and cropped black blazer. Accessorised with £159 pumps by Jemima Vine and oversized sunglasses.
Nathan Baggaley has been taken back into custody for allegedly assaulting a police officer at Byron Bay Blues Festival. The 39-year-old was allegedly caught in a toilet cubicle with white powder at around 4pm on Easter Friday. Mr Baggaley was already on strict bail conditions, including a 9pm curfew, while he was awaiting sentencing for two serious drug manufacturing charges.
The Lindens in New Addington, near Croydon, was bulldozed in 2013. It was where Tia Sharp, 12, was sexually assaulted and then murdered. Stuart Hazell, 39, was living there with Tia's grandmother Christine Bicknell. Two new houses have been built in its place, which will be numbered 19a and 19b.
Commemorations began at sunset on Wednesday and were to continue Thursday with Israeli leaders attending official ceremonies. Until sundown, radio and television stations were to broadcast programmes on the genocide and play sombre music. About 189,000 survivors live in Israel today but according to their welfare organisation close to 25 percent struggle financially.
Little Qingqing's face was shredded and her eyelid torn off by a stray dog. She is now in a critical condition in hospital in Haimen City, eastern China. Her mother, identified only as Ms Li, said: 'Who knew this would happen?'
Aubrey de Grey believes there is no reason we shouldn't live to 5,000. The 51-year-old says ageing is a 'disease that can and should be cured' His theories have gained high-profile supporters in Silicon Valley. PayPal boss Peter Thiel donated £2.4 million to de Grey's institute.
The Flashgap app is free for iOS and Android devices. Photos and videos taken on the app disappear into a hidden album. This album remains hidden until midday the day after the event. Only people who attended the event can see the album. Users can only delete the photos they took themselves.
Hercules and Leo, currently living in a lab at Stony Brook University, Long Island, are the first animals in history to be covered by a writ of habeas corpus. The ruling effectively recognises the chimpanzees as legal humans. A representative of the university have been ordered to appear in court next month to respond to a petition by the Nonhuman Rights Project.
Ex-Bolton striker Delroy Facey is accused of being involved in a match-fixing plot. The 34-year-old is alleged to have acted as a middleman for two men. Chann Sankaran and Krishna Ganeshan were found guilty of match-fixing. Former non-league player Moses Swaibu also denies conspiracy to commit bribery.
Charnelle Hughes was stood near the bar at the Adelphi Pub in Preston. Was reading a text message when she was struck on the side of the head by the glass. Witnesses said Jordan Goode had been dancing aggressively to music. He picked up the glass before spinning 180 degrees on his feet and throwing it. Miss Hughes had to be rushed to hospital and was suffering concussion. She was treated for a haemotoma in the eye and a 1 inch cut below the eye. She was also diagnosed with nerve damage and has fallen behind with her studies at Preston College where she was in her first year
Chloe Knapton was driving home from a night out when she came across a bike. Her friend stopped to move the bike out of the way of traffic in Holmfirth. But as she left the car, a man came hurtling towards her with a glass bottle. The impact caused glass to shatter all over Ms Knapton, leaving her with deep cuts to her face, neck and shoulders. She was rushed to Leeds General Infirmary where she underwent surgery for her injuries. She was also given several stitches on both sides of her lips and made to stay in hospital for three days. Ms K
More than 8,000 migrants took advantage of calm weather to cross Mediterranean. Charity Save the Children said capsized boat flipped over 24 hours after leaving Libya. Before the weekend, more than 500 migrants had already died crossing Mediterranean.
Lauren Perry's son, Mason, contracted a flesh-eating disease when he was eight months old. He was admitted to Lady Cilento Children's Hospital in Brisbane after having his colostomy removed. The infection had eaten all the tissue in Mason's chest and abdomen, leaving him fighting for his life. His mother was forced to deliver her twins via caesarean 10 weeks early after he water broke at 30 weeks.
Ulysses Beaudoin, 39, allegedly gunned down his 22-year-old son, Ulysses Nelson, Tuesday night in Katy, Texas. Beaudoin showed up at the family's home with his mistress in tow and got into a fight with his wife of 18 years, Christina Nelson. The couple's 18-year-old son was also in the house at the time of the shooting but escaped unharmed.
Ecuador's leader Rafael Correa was pictured with his arm around the boy. casually-dressed 52-year-old is said to be able to speak fluent English. But he seemingly failed to pick up the meaning of the 'I'm With Stupid' T-shirt.
Christopher Eccleston played the Doctor for just 13 episodes in 2005. The 51-year-old actor said he wanted to'move him away from RP [received pronunciation] for the first time' He has previously hinted about a row with the show's bosses.
A dramatic confrontation between an alleged Army impostor and a bystander in Florida has been caught on video. Eric Coins, who was drinking in the city of Sunrise posted the video to YouTube accusing the man of wearing the uniform to get free drinks and meet women. The stand-off between the two men almost comes to blows as Coins tells the man: 'There are people who f****** die in that uniform'
In England alone, there are more than 670,000 unpaid carers. Here, we turn our attention to the carers and what can be done to make life easier for them and their loved ones.
In January 2013, thieves targeted 294 security vaults during a break-in at the Volksbank in Steglitz, Berlin. The gang, who fled the bank with diamonds, gold and silver worth more than £8.3m, have never been found. It now appears that the heist bore all the hallmarks of the Easter weekend raid in London. During that near-identical raid, 71 security boxes were raided before gang made off with wheelie bins full of precious stones.
The toddler's mother was holding him and another child when he slipped and fell between 10 to 12ft and into the pit on Saturday around 3pm. The boy was rescued by his parents from the pit before firefighters and paramedics arrived on the scene. He suffered from minor bumps and bruises and was listed in stable condition at the hospital. Cleveland Metroparks Zoo plans to press child endangerment charges against the family on Monday.
Peter Hamilton heard woman's cries as he walked his dog through Toronto. She was naked from waist down, bound by restraints, begging for help. Told him her kidnapper, 43-year-old Rejean Hermel Perron, was still inside. Mr Hamilton wanted to call police but had left his cell phone at home. He took out the only item he had on him - his nail clippers. Perron has been charged with sexual assault with a weapon and kidnapping.
Dmitri Kovtun insists he was not involved in the death of Alexander Litvinenko. He says the Russian spy's death may have been an 'accidental suicide' Kovtun has agreed to give evidence at the public inquiry if he is given the right to examine secret evidence put forward by the police. If he testifies by video link, he will be arrested on suspicion of murder.
More than 1,700 freshman students took the exam on Saturday in Yichuan, Shaanxi province. The school said the reason behind the unusual move was the lack of sufficient indoor space. The students at Yichuan Senior High School suggested and organised the outdoor exam themselves.
Journalist Gianna Toboni traveled to India to explore the country's rapidly growing, yet unregulated, gestational surrogacy industry for HBO documentary series Vice. During her time working on the documentary, Gianna went undercover to meet with one surrogacy agent who offered to get her a baby in two to three months. The agent then tried to convince Gianna and her team to buy the baby over dinner.
St George's County Asylum opened in 1818 but closed in 1995. It was designed by Joseph Potter in the style of a Georgian mansion at a cost of £35,000. Patients were restrained by means of 'the leather muff,' 'iron handcuffs' and'restraint chair' There were also reports of dysentery and syphilis at the West Midlands asylum.
Colin Cromie, 49, told Xara Grogan, 29, they should jet to Barcelona for a break. But when she turned down his advances their working relationship soured. Mr Cromie would also snatch instruments from her and be 'abrupt and rude' He blamed her for a fall-out with another dental practice, tribunal heard. Miss Grogan was constructively dismissed and awarded £16,500 compensation. She failed in bid to prove further allegations of harassment and victimisation.
Todd Kincannon, 33, has been arrested and charged with criminal domestic violence following an incident involving his wife last month. An arrest warrant alleges that Kincannon's wife, Ashely Griffith, told deputies that he grabbed her arm during a March 26 argument in their car. Griffith told police Kincannon threatened to kill her, himself and her family during the incident – threats he is accused of having made previously. According to Kincannon, he 'accidentally overdosed' on the prescription drug Benzonatate – which he says he was taking to deal with an upper respiratory infection.
Victorino Chua, 49, denies murdering patients at Stepping Hill Hospital. He is also accused of poisoning 18 others at the hospital in Stockport. Chua has given evidence for the first time and denied the charges.
Sue Perkins is taking a break from Twitter after men began sending her death threats. Last week, a flurry of bets placed on Perkins propelled her to the top spot for the now-vacant Top Gear position, according to bookmakers Coral. Today, the popular TV personality tweeted: 'My timeline has been full of blokes wishing me dead... This morning, someone suggested they’d like to see me burn to death'
Labour's Liam Byrne left the note in the Treasury when he left in 2010. It stated: 'Dear Chief Secretary, I'm afraid there is no money' It has become emblematic of Labour's fiscal irresponsibility in office. David Cameron used it in seven-way leaders' debate earlier this month. Shadow chancellor Balls said the note was just a 'jokey note'
One-year-old Malaja was shot in the head as she sat in a car with her parents in suburban Seattle Thursday afternoon. Police say a black car pulled alongside this silver Chevrolet Impala carrying Malaja and the driver and passenger opened fire. The baby was in'very critical condition' Friday, a day after the shooting. Detectives in Kent initially suggested road rage as a motive, but Cmdr. Jarod Kasner told The Seattle Times Friday that police no longer think that's the case after further investigation.
Porche Wright, 27, was scheduled to appear in court on Tuesday afternoon on attempted murder charges. When paramedics arrived at the Sacramento home, the seven-year-old girl was covered in serious burns. The girl is expected to survive but she is suffering from severe wounds.
Nina Anderson, 78, searched pawn shops near her house in Portsmouth. Gold and silver necklaces worth nearly £400 were taken from her bedroom. Great-grandmother spotted two of the stolen items in Cash and Cheque Express. Her actions led to the arrest of burglar Martin Campbell, 28. His actions mirror those of Agatha Christie character Miss Marple.
Australian PM Tony Abbott said EU should 'urgently' follow his lead. He sends naval gunboats to turn back asylum seekers before they reach Australia. 'The only way you can stop the deaths is to stop the boats,' he said.
Carl Hendrick, head of learning and research at Wellington College, Berkshire, has attacked the ‘tidal wave of guff’ in classrooms. ‘missives in mediocrity’ often tell pupils to ‘live your dream’ and ‘you can do it’ and ‘be all that you can be’
Followers of Ashy Bines were shocked to receive an email advertising one of her exclusive programs for $US49,500 per year. An extra zero was added to the cost of the yearlong program - the real price being a tenth of that, or $4,950. Ms Bines on Monday apologised to her'very angry and upset' followers after an extra zero was added to the cost of the yearlong program.
Charlotte Cosby, 24, has lost two and a half stone in the last year. She posted a picture of her super slim frame on Instagram. Some have questioned whether she has taken things too far. She is not the only Geordie Shore star to have lost weight.
The albumen prints were made in the 1870s from the original paper negatives of the early 1850s. They are due to go up for auction in Cirencester tomorrow and could fetch up to £30,000. Many of the buildings pictured have changed dramatically between the 19th century and today.
Kenneth Wanamaker Jr, 37, pleaded guilty on Friday, weeks before a scheduled trial in the Northhampton County, Pennsylvania. A dentist testified the girl's teeth were in such bad shape they posed a potentially fatal threat to her health. Fourteen of the girl's 20 teeth were either abscessed, and two more needed to be pulled or had severe root and tooth decay.
Around two million high school students admitted to buying e-cigarettes in 2014. This is more than triple the 660,000 recorded the year before. But smoking of traditional cigarettes plummeted to about nine per cent. CDC director Tom Frieden said results are 'alarming' and'shocking'
Flay filed for divorce on Friday, just one day after it emerged he had separated from his wife of ten years. Stephanie March is'mighty unhappy' with the prenup, according to TMZ. The couple has secured their own attorneys and are discussing the terms of divorce.
Police trying to find group accused of posing as children online and then beating up men who agree to meet them. One teenager has told police he was beaten up by the gang. He thought he was meeting a 14-year-old girl in a church car park in Atherton. But when he got there he was attacked by a gang of men who accused him of being a paedophile. In a second similar incident, a man was beaten up in Market Place in Wigan. Andrew O'Neill, 25, has admitted in court that he groomed an under-age girl.
Ricky Ricardo Chiles III, 27, killed himself with a single shot as police closed in on him at the Presidential Inn & Suites in Lyon, Illinois on Thursday around 9am. Since Tuesday, police were looking for Chiles III in connection to the killing 40-year-old Archie Brown Jr and 15-year-old Rasheed Chiles. Brown struck and killed Chiles' two-year-old nephew Damani Terry after he darted into the street in front of Brown's van. Rasheed and Chiles' brother, Rasheed, were also struck by the gunfire at the scene of the accident.
Pooch Mavis was brought to Arlington Park in Mobile sometime last weekend by her owner for a fishing trip. Mavis was reportedly close to the park's boat launch as the alligator attacked her after it jumped out of the water. The alligator involved in the attack is being looked for by wildlife officials.
The rock protrusions consist of soft rock topped by harder stone that preserves each column's spire-like shape. Once known as the Mushroom Valley, the area was first discovered by cowboys searching for cattle. Softer rock is removed by wind and water, leaving thousands of unique constructions, which are further chiselled by water and dust erosion.
Sophie English was one of thousands of babies who was born at the height of the Vietnam War and adopted by an Australian family. There has been very little information to help Ms English find her birth mother who made the heartbreaking decision to give her up. She was finally given a chance to find closure with ABC's Foreign Correspondent reporter Sally Sara who travelled with her to Vietnam in search of answers. Ms English got the chance to meet another adoptee, Le My Huong, who has since found her mother and moved back to Vietnam.
The tech giant has bought Israel-based Link Computational Imaging. LinX makes'multi-aperture' cameras small enough to fit into smartphones. This technology is able to sense the depth of each object in a photograph. It lets people refocus an image after its been captured, or measure the dimensions of a room, for example.
The 39-year-old fronts Vogue Paris' upcoming May issue. The last black woman to cover Vogue Paris was Rose Cordero in March 2010.
Group of 78 Irish travellers set up illegal camp in village of Hardhorn, Lancashire. Locals branded them the 'neighbours from hell' and accused them of trashing village. Last year the group appeared to have lost their case at the Court of Appeal. But they used a loophole to take their case to the Supreme Court. The Supreme Court later rejected pleas for the group to be allowed the right of appeal under a 'point of law of general public importance' But now it has been revealed that a further judicial review at the High Court has been granted.
The Rosehall Estate near Inverness boasts a 22-room main house along with 700 acres of land and five separate out buildings. It was built in 1820 but its most colourful period of its history was during the 1920s after it was bought by the Duke of Westminster. The super-wealthy land owner would spend his summers with the fashion designer, with whom he had an affair between 1923 and 1929. Miss Chanel would love to fish on the estate's river, according to former Prime Minister Winston Churchill, who stayed with her at the property.
Jason Rezaian, the Post's Tehran correspondent, was detained in July 2014. He was officially charged in December, but details of the charges had never been released. On Monday, his lawyer Leila Ahsan detailed the four serious offences her client faces. No date has yet been set for trial, Ahsan said.
Indian Creek Island Road, the most exclusive area in Miami, boasts a median house price of $21.48million. Its 86 residents include four of America’s top 500 richest people, according to Forbes. Second on the list is Beverly Park Circle, home to Denzel Washington and Eddie Murphy. Number 13 on the list, Broad Beach Road in Malibu, California, is known as 'billionaires row'
Finley Lamb suffers from rare brain abnormality Periventricular Nodular Heterotopia - which means many of his 'grey matter' cells have not migrated to the correct position. It left the boy, from Merseyside, unable to walk and talk, and with a 90 per cent chance of developing Epilepsy. But the five-year-old amazed his mother when he took his first steps last year and now enjoys walking the two miles to school.
Labour leader said it was unacceptable to abandon thousands of immigrants boarding makeshift boats in Africa in the hope of making it to Europe. He also called on the UK to take a 'fare share' of refugees fleeing civil war. Around 1,300 people are believed to have drowned in the past two weeks while trying to reach Europe in boats launched from Libya.
The U.S. Bureau of Land Management is looking for volunteers to help manage Garnet Ghost Town, a Montana mining town more that's more than 100 years old. The tiny outpost was established in the 1860s by miners looking for gold and silver, but it was devastated by fire around 1912 and deserted a few years later. While the town has since been restored, it remains empty, and local folklore says the area is haunted by former residents. Visitors say they heard music and laughter, even in winter, and the sound of doors slamming in cottages where there aren't any doors. Now the government is
The Edwardian-style building and shopfront on Brunswick Street in Fitzroy was once owned by Wei Tang. She was convicted in 2006 of keeping five Thai women as sex slaves. The brothel, formerly known as Club 417, has six bedrooms each with its own shower or spa, as well as a large lounge with a bar and a sitting room. It has been listed for sale through Barry Plant Real Estate and is being marketed on its potential for a range of uses.
Charmain Adusah, 41, was discovered by hotel staff face down in a bath. It is believed she had been lying for four days. Her husband Eric Isaiah Adusah, a self-proclaimed prophet and evangelical preacher, was alleged to have left the hotel hurriedly on the day she is believed to have died. Mr Adusah is being held in police custody in the African country on suspicion of murdering the former NHS radiography assistant.
Ranulfo Perez, 48, was arrested after he allegedly groped the breasts of a 16-year-old girl. Girl was outside Toys R Us when she was grabbed in a hug by the Cookie Monster. Perez was charged with forcible touching in a manner injurious to a child less than 17, as well as second degree harassment. He was later released by the Manhattan District Attorney over concerns that the teenager lost sight of her attacker.
The debt of a divorced retiree averages £22,100, Prudential’s report said. Nearly one in five divorced people will retire on incomes of less than £9,500. By comparison, only 13 per cent of people who are not divorced will be below the line.
Silverman claimed she was paid $50 less than her male friend to perform. But the New York Comedy Club owner revealed the story was false. The comic apologized for naming club owner Al Martin in the fabricated story. She said the issue should not be used to undermine the gender pay gap campaign.
Labial reduction procedures - surgery to reduce the size of the inner ‘lips’ of the vagina - have risen five-fold in the past 10 years. More than 2,000 operations were performed on the NHS in 2010. The trend is reflected in Australia where procedures have more than doubled in the same time period.
Teachers say youngsters have been playing truant as they try to find stardom. Producers have held auditions at dozens of secondary schools and colleges. Move has helped reduce unauthorised absence levels in some schools.
Kim reveals what she eats in an extract from her book Selfish. Breakfast includes scrambled eggs, oatmeal and a protein shake. Lunch and dinner includes fish or chicken with vegetables.
Leroy J. Toppins went missing about 6pm Friday while playing with siblings in the front yard of his family's home in Washington Court House, Ohio. His parents worriedly reported him missing after he disappeared about 6pm. More than 100 locals joined a search for the toddler that lasted all day Saturday. However, his body was found in a pond at an old stone quarry, a short distance from where he was last seen. The quarry had been abandoned for years.
The 46-year-old suffered a potentially life-threatening complication shortly after the delivery of her daughter Grace, now 11, in 2003. She suffered massive blood loss and was forced to undergo a painful procedure whereby the doctors manually tore her placenta free without pain relief. Her experience inspired her to launch Every Mother Counts in 2010, an organisation dedicated to making pregnancy and childbirth safe for mothers around the world.
Hannah Overton, 37, will not be tried on murder charges again in the death of her four-year-old adopted son, Andrew Burd. Overton was convicted in 2007 for the 2006 death of her son, who died of salt poisoning a day after she made him swallow spicy seasoning. Her conviction was overturned in September, citing ineffective counsel, but the district attorney was set to try her again. On Monday, the district attorney announced that he would not be pursuing the case again.
DIY boat was made from scrap wood, polystyrene and insulation boards. It was glued together with £9 worth of silicone glue to hold it in place. But 200 yards off Jaywick, Essex, an oar snapped and the pair had to call 999. Clacton RNLI lifeboat arrived to rescue the pair who were not wearing lifejackets.
Deputy PM says he would not allow Tories to push ahead with welfare cuts. He also suggested he would veto a new deal unless Tories agreed new taxes. But Mr Clegg defended his record in government with David Cameron. Accused Tories of 'lashing out' at Labour because they knew they could not win election.
Iowa-based writer Daniel P. Finney, 39, started out at 563lbs and has lost 20lbs in a month without weight loss surgery.
The FBI have recovered one of the gold bars stolen in a $5 million armored truck robbery in North Carolina last month. Investigators say the location the bar was found - somewhere in South Florida - has provided them with a big break in the case. The highway heist occurred on March 1 in Wilson County, almost halfway into the truck's journey from Miami to Boston. Police have previously said they suspected it was an inside job because the 18-wheeler truck pulled over when one of the two armed guards on board 'felt sick'
Leah Williamson scored a 96th-minute penalty to make it 2-2 against Norway last Saturday. But her England team-mate Rosella Ayane had encroached the box. Instead of ordering a retake, a German referee made a startling error and gave Norway a free-kick. The 18-second rematch was repeated five days after it was first played.
The 34-year-old beauty was seen walking for Colcci during So Paulo Fashion Week in her native Brazil. Gisele has announced she is retiring from the runway after a 20-year career.
Alan Greaves was caught with almost 20,000 images of child abuse. Police raided his home in Colne, Lancashire in September 2013. They found the disturbing images on a digital storage device. Forensic examination of the abuse images found almost 700 were of the most serious category, with a further 872 at the next level. Greaves claimed 'the Illuminati framed him by downloading the images' He was jailed for 21 months and barred from working with children.
Angela Maxwell returned to work a week after scooping £53million with husband. The 67-year-old said she would not give up her five-hour shift at lunch club. She spent more than four hours at Coningsby Community Hall yesterday. The couple said they planned to upgrade their family to First Class.
David Wihby, 61, was arrested on Friday in Nashua on a misdemeanor charge for solicitation of prostitution. Wihby has been the New Hampshire Republican's state director for the last year and her number-two staffer behind the chief of staff. Ayotte said she was'shocked and deeply saddened' by Wihby's arrest.
Jason Lee forced himself on the 20-year-old in a bathroom and told her to'shut the f*** up' so her friends in the next room would not hear. The assault ended when the girl kneed him in the groin and staggered out in such a ‘hysterical’ state she was unable to talk. Lee tried to downplay the incident and said it was 'no big deal' and dismissively told the first police officer on the scene: 'We're good, you can go' The rape allegedly happened when Lee, 38, invited the victim and her friends to party at his rented $3
Hundreds of protesters gathered in New York City on Tuesday night to march against police brutality. The march was organized by National Actions to Stop Murder By Police. Many of the protesters cited the deaths of Eric Garner in Staten Island and Walter Scott in South Carolina. Police say an off-duty police officer driving home on the bridge was assaulted by two protesters when he got out of his vehicle to investigate. Mayor Bill de Blasio released a statement condemning the violence - he said it was 'unacceptable and will absolutely not be tolerated'
Economists Olivier Marie and Ulf Zlitz made their findings based on what happened in Maastricht in 2011. The city let only German, Dutch and Belgian nationals have access to its 13 coffee shops, where cannabis was sold. Without access to cannabis they had a 7.6 percent chance of passing the courses. For those stuying courses with numerical skills the policy effect was ‘five times larger’
SS City of Cairo was sunk en route from Bombay to England in 1942. U-boat took 100 tons of rupees with it to the bottom of the ocean. It was long assumed that the vessel's cargo, belonging to UK Treasury, would be lost forever. But a team led by British expert John Kingsford used pioneering techniques to track down the ship with powerful sonar and robotics.
A new Channel 4 series shines a light on the UK's billion-pound supercar industry. Expert seller Saba Syed and husband Sheikh Amari run one of the country's leading supercar dealerships. Tom Hartley left school at 11 to focus on 'wheeling and dealing'...his son Carl has followed the same path, ditching education in favour of a role in his dad's business.
Violeta Tupuola, who lives near Canberra, has joined the #kyliejennerchallenge. The method involves sucking in a shot glass until the air vacuum causes their lips to swell. The results are said to last for hours, even days.
Lord Janner of Braunstone was one of Labour's most prominent figures. But he is accused of abusing young boys at care homes between 1969 and 1988. Detectives have interviewed more than 20 men who claim they were abused. It is suspected he used his hobby as a magician to get close to them. But the evidence will never be tested in court after Director of Public Prosecutions ruled that it was not in public interest to put the Labour peer on trial.
According to the singer's hairdresser Chris Appleton, Rita's blonde locks need to be colored every three weeks. The 24-year-old's natural blonde locks also need to be dried out regularly.
Heather Mack, 19, is accused of murdering her mother Sheila Von Wiese-Mack. Baby Stella Schaefer is being cared for in prison by Mack, who appeared in court today. Mack and boyfriend Tommy Schaefer, 21, are accused of murder. Baby's face was revealed for the first time outside Denpasar District Court. Mack is allowed to keep baby with her in her cell until child is two years old.
UK researchers studied the asteroid impact 66 million years ago. They found the heat near the impact site in Mexico was not intense enough to ignite plant material. A heat pulse lasted less than a minute, too short to set plants alight. Further away from the impact site in Mexico, in places like New Zealand, the heat could have lasted up to seven minutes and caused some localised fires. But the theory that a global firestorm accompanied the asteroid impact is not correct, according to the scientists.
Mr Yuan, from Changsha, was involved in accident on March 24. None of the women knew he had been seeing anyone else - some for up to nine years - and one even had a son with him.
Two people were treated at the scene by paramedics following the crash. It happened in Goodge Street, near the junction with Tottenham Court Road. The driver and passenger of the Mercedes, believed to have been operated as a minicab, were treated at the scene.
Lamborghini Gallardo crashed into a tree and a bollard in Beaumont Leys. Rear wheel flew off and narrowly missed a man and his nine-year-old granddaughter. Onlookers claimed the driver of the 202mph supercar was a write-off. He then said he would 'just go out and buy another one tomorrow'
Natasha Hope-Simpson has received angry notes from people who think she has a disability because her prosthetic leg is covered. Hope-Simpson became disabled after her leg was crushed in a tragic hit-and-run accident in 2013 and she lost a part of her left leg below the knee. 'I'm kind of flattered about that, because I've been working pretty hard on my walk to make it look natural,' said Hope-Simpson.
The unidentified Newark resident, 22, said he recognized the 44-year-old rapper, whose real name is Earl Simmons, while at an Exxon station on Sunday. Police said the victim reported that he had a brief conversation with DMX about rap music around 12.30am. During the conversation a male in DMX's entourage showed the victim a gun and demanded the victim's money. The victim told police that he pulled $3,200 cash from his pocket and DMX grabbed it out of his hand.
The unusual meet and greet is part of a ticket package offered by a Cambridge-based tour operator ahead of Pacino’s three-city speaking tour in the UK and Ireland. Up to two hardcore fans will then fly from Glasgow to London with Pacino on his entourage after the show. Dubbed ‘The Amazing Experience’, it also includes three nights in a five-star hotel in London, transfers and a ticket to the actor’s May 22 show at the Hammersmith Apollo.
Corey Edwards was born with a complex congenital heart defect. He endured eight traumatic open heart surgeries to save his life. Despite getting engaged three years ago, ill health put plans on hold. Staff at Bristol Children's Hospital pulled out all the stops to grant his final wish. Ceremony was held on paediatric ward and Corey held the rings. He died five days after the ceremony, which was'more Corey's special day'
The Karen was towed at 10 knots during yesterday's incident 18 miles from Ardglass on the south-east shore of Northern Ireland. The 60-foot boat's captain was pictured holding a snapped steel cable on board his boat following the alarming incident. Ardglass is one of Northern Ireland's main fishing ports and local trawlermen are usually more concerned about hitting quotas than Cold War-style intrigue.
Two 49-year-old women and a 23-year-old man were removed from the plane. Bristol Airport confirmed the drunk passengers' actions caused delays. Ryanair told MailOnline Travel it will 'not tolerate unruly behaviour at any time'
Thief scaled two-storey antique market before breaking into rooftop vent. He crawled on the floor 'like a snake' to avoid triggering infrared beams. Eight-minute raid took place at Vintage Watch Store in Hampstead, London. Thief stole 124 rare timepieces before escaping in a waiting 4x4.
Sharon Edwards, 55, was last seen alive at her Grafton home on March 14. Police say she was last seen alive at her home between 10pm and 11pm. Her car was left parked in her driveway and clothes she was wearing were thrown in the washing basket in her bedroom. Her husband reported her missing the next day after she failed to turn up to work at Coutts Crossing Public School. Police and family say they hold 'grave concerns' for her welfare.
Rodney Stover, 48, a convicted sex offender lived in Bellevue Men's Shelter with a group of convicted pedophiles, rapists, and other sex-offenders. The dilapidated shelter is located just one block from the K through 12 Churchill School for learning-disabled children that has tuition of $27,000 per year. Three of the residents in the shelter are convicted rapists and four of them were pedophiles with male and female victims as young as six.
Bobby Flay has filed for divorce from his wife of 10 years Stephanie March, TMZ reported on Friday. According to the news site, the Food Network star is 'heartbroken' about the split and his wife is'mighty unhappy' with the prenup. March was said to be suspicious after her husband happened to be on the scene when single mother Jones got into a car accident in LA in 2010.
Jamar Nicholson, 15, and his friend Jason Huerta, 17, are suing the city of Los Angeles for $20 million. Nicholson was shot in the back by officer Miguel Gutierrez and is in pain but he says he and his friends feel lucky to be alive. 'Jamar is really lucky to be alive. With respect to the other kids, they are lucky as well that they weren’t hit,' said Nicholson's attorney Herbert Hayden. The gun that officers thought was real had an orange tip indicating that it was fake. Officer Gutierrez has returned to full duty since the incident, though it remains under investigation
Justin Whittington, 23, was taken into custody on Thursday night on suspicion of child endangerment after the video of the alleged abuse surfaced online. The relationship between the toddler and Whittington has not yet been revealed by police but the owner of Vest Market Harry Dindral said the man was the boy's father. The video posted to social media and shared thousands of times shows a boy running through Vest Market. The toddler is approached by a man believed to be his father who hits him in the face. The man then is then shown aggressively yanking up the toddler by his shirt. A pregnant woman, can be seen
Andrea Bradley, 28, and Glen Bates, 32, have been indicted on aggravated murder charges in the beating death of their 2-year-old daughter. Glenara Bates was brought to an Ohio hospital last month dead and weighing only 13lbs. The child had been badly beaten and had bruises, belt marks and bite marks, and injuries had been inflicted over an extended period of time.
Woman collapsed and started violently fitting in seizure at shopping centre. Passers-by rushed to comfort her but police believe one person took advantage. Detectives have released a CCTV image of a woman they want to trace.
Edwin Mee, 46, is accused of abusing his position of power to abuse or rape 11 alleged victims while working at an Army careers centre in Croydon, south London. The Scottish officer allegedly carried out the attacks on women aged from 15 to their early twenties between October 2010 and September 2011. Taking to the witness box to give evidence, Mee told jurors about his military career, and firmly denied the allegations. He branded one alleged victim - who says she became pregnant after he raped her - a 'time waster' and a liar.
Director of television Danny Cohen wants series turned into movie. But creative team are reluctant to rush into making film that could flop. Emails were among 173,000 hacked by North Korea after film The Interview.
Mandi L. Walkley, 39, and Jacob M. Austin, 52, died after they were rescued by the Coast Guard. William D. Kelley, 50, who was also rescued, has improved from critical to serious condition. The trio were part of a group of seven who set out on Saturday for an excursion along Washington's Dungeness Spit. Forecasts had predicted stormy weather the day of the scheduled trip.
Irish tourist Barry Lyttle pleaded guilty to leaving his brother in a coma. The 33-year-old will now be sentenced in Sydney's local court, where the maximum jail term is two years. His brother, Patrick, 31, was rushed to hospital and spent six days in a coma after he was allegedly struck by his brother on January 3.
Jeff McCubbery, 72, from Mandurang and Ian Bullock, 65, from Blackburn devised the plan for Captain Cootie Cards over twenty years ago. The pair now has a quirky range of greeting cards, coffee mugs, stubby-holders and calendars emblazoned with down under lingo. The best mates use lingo from their upbringing which they say has disappeared, such as the term: 'I don't give a rats a**' The duo plan to launch a website and social media campaign in hopes of finding a distributor to get their products on the market.
High There! app is designed to let users meet one another online to make friends and form relationships without being judged for their habit or views. When it launched two months ago, it could only be downloaded by users in states that have legalised cannabis. But now it’s available globally via Apple’s App Store and Google Play, after getting approval to widen its reach. The app has been likened to Tinder, which also lets users swipe through prospective friends and partners.
Lamp given as a gift to two sisters who worked as servants for Nightingale family. Dating back to around 1840, the 10in tall lamp will go under the hammer at Hansons in Etwall, Derbyshire, on June 26. Nightingale penned her Notes on Nursing after returning from the Crimean War.
Residents from Fairdale, an unincorporated town 80 miles northwest of Chicago, were told they could return to their homes on Saturday to salvage what they could. Officials reported that 17 of the 50 buildings in the town are completely destroyed, while the other 33 have all been damaged in some way. Geraldine M Schultz, 67, and Jacklyn K. Klosa, 69, were killed in her home by the storm, while around a dozen people were injured.
The Duke and Duchess of Cambridge are due to give birth on the 25th April. Royal fans gathered outside St. Mary's Hospital in Paddington this morning. The police were making their final security checks before the birth.
Bronze artefacts were found at the 'Rising Whale' site in Alaska. They include a bronze buckle and a bronze whistle, dating to around A.D. 600. Bronze-working had not been developed in Alaska at this time. This suggests artefacts were created in China, Korea or Yakutia. Researchers believe those who lived at the Rising Whale site may be part of what scientists call the 'Birnirk' culture. This is a group of people who lived on both sides of the Bering Strait and used advanced skin boats.
Claire, Emily, Christine and Lily Vincenti were taken from their Italian home by their mother Laura Garrett in 2012. She claimed she had to escape her abusive partner Tomasso Vincenti. The four sisters were returned to their father in Italy in dramatic circumstances. The dramatic exit caused widespread outcry in Australia. The two eldest sisters, Claire and Emily, told 60 Minutes they had moved on from the ordeal.
Lance Futch, 26, was shocked to discover that his 'informal meeting' with a federal official to discuss veterans was actually with President Obama. Last Friday, Futch donned a white wrinkled polo shirt and drove to Hill Air Force Base in Utah thinking he was going to be led into an auditorium to talk about how to help veterans get more jobs in the infinitely abundant field of solar energy. Instead, he was sat at a table with Obama, Utah Senator Orrin Hatch, congressman Rob Bishop, and Salt Lake City Mayor Ralph Becker - all of whom were wearing suits and ties.
Baby's mother frantically tried to open car door when keys were locked inside. The eight-month-old boy was stuck in the car in Surbiton, south-west London. She grew increasingly distressed as the car became hotter with no fresh air. PC Resteghini smashed the car's window with his baton to free the boy. Temperatures peaked at 22.8C at St James's Park in London yesterday. It was the second hottest day of the year so far beaten only by today. Forecasters said today was not only the hottest day of the year but also expected to be
Jondrew Lachaux, 39, and Kellie Phillips, 38, turned themselves in to police. Couple took five children on trip to Oakland, California, eight months ago. Left behind two daughters - a teen who is Phillips' biological child and Lachaux's stepdaughter and a sickly three-year-old toddler.
Abubaker Deghayes has left his home in Brighton to try and rescue son. Amer, 21, has been fighting for an al-Qaeda affiliated group in Syria. His two younger sons were killed fighting Syrian government forces last year. Mr Deghayes insists he has not 'run away' to join the fight and is in Libya.
The savage animals tumbled down a snowy Iceland mountainside and crashed onto the rocky beach below. Wildlife photographer Einar Gudmann caught the violent encounter on camera. He had been sleeping in his warm shelter when he was suddenly woken by howling.
Victoria Ayling is running for the key election seat of Great Grimsby. Made comments after being confronted by local party over non-attendance. Said it was because she had spent 'five months nursing her son back to health' Lieutenant Colonel Ron Shepherd launched an investigation. Has raised questions about whether she has misrepresented her son's situation.
Four-year-old Austin West passed away last Saturday after he slipped while chasing a bumblebee in the backyard and fell into an in-ground pool at his family's home in Gastonia, North Carolina. Austin's grandfather, Jeff West, says he was shocked to find that there were already multiple pages carrying the deceased boy's name on the site. GoFundMe said in a statement that the company investigates every complaint of fraud it receives.
Lance Corporal Joshua Leakey received the VC for his bravery in Afghanistan. The 27-year-old braved heavy gunfire to rescue a wounded US Marine. He also took control of a machine gun post to begin the fightback. The Paratrooper ran down a barren hillside, dodging a hail of bullets. He continued the battle in which 11 insurgents were killed and four wounded. The Queen told him: 'I don't get to give this one out very often'
Jean-Marie Le Pen, 86, angered daughter Marine, 46, with anti-Semitic remarks. He said the Holocaust was 'a detail of history' and praised France's wartime leader Marshal Petain. Marine accused her father of 'political suicide' and said he was 'dangerously weakened' Mr Le Pen said best replacement would be his grand-daughter Marion Marechal-Le Pen, 25.
The bill says that the recent proliferation of powerful dryers is efficient, but can sometimes trigger ringing of in the ears. The measure would require all new or replacement dryers to operate at a noise level no louder than 84 decibels. That is about as loud as a school cafeteria. Democratic Senator Chris Edwards sponsored the bill after his autistic son had episodes after hearing loud hand dryers.
The model, 27, is the face of Lane Bryant's new I'm No Angel campaign. She is the first plus-size model to appear in the annual swimsuit edition of Sports Illustrated.
As California struggles with a devastating drought, huge amounts of water are mysteriously vanishing from the Sacramento-San Joaquin Delta. State investigation launched following complaints from two large agencies that supply water to arid farmland in the Central Valley. Delta farmers don't deny using as much water as they need. But they say they're not stealing it because their history of living at the water's edge gives them that right.
Edwin 'Jock' Mee, 45, allegedly targeted 11 cadets during army interview process. Court heard he had a preference for vulnerable black women born overseas. He 'kept' them to himself so he could sexually abuse them, jury told. One woman fell pregnant after he raped her in a locked waiting room, jury told. He denies 17 counts of sexual assault, three counts of rape and one count of assault by penetration, which are said to have happened between 2010 and 2011.
The unnamed woman demands a $63.99 water table from WalMart, a $19.99 play tent, a $14.99 play tunnel from Ikea, and a $7.99 Cheerios book. She even goes as far as to require that her guests include a receipt with their gifts so that she can get the full value back if she needs to return them.
Hamilton, 33, filed for divorce from his wife of 10 years, Katie, in late February - around the same time he admitted to an alcohol and drugs relapse. The petition doesn't detail the reasons for the split and only cites 'conflict' Katie, who will appear on the upcoming 10th season of The Real Housewives of Orange County, has custody of the couple's four daughters.
The former Cuban president was photographed shaking hands with Venezuelans visiting Havana on Monday. The encounters are his first public appearance since January 2014. They were reported in state-run Cuban media, but did not explain the delay in publishing the images.
The Prince of Wales and the Duchess of Cornwall are celebrating their 10th wedding anniversary at Birkhall in Deeside, Scotland. The intimate shot was taken by top photographer Dann Oliver and was released by Clarence House today. In it, Charles wears a country coat made from Inveravon Estate Tweed and a matching hat by Lock & Co. Camilla sports a hat by the same firm and a coat by Moncler.
Maurice Thibaux stormed the catwalk at Sydney's Mercedes-Benz Fashion Week on Sunday night at the Carriageworks. The 67-year-old French native said he had no problem with the music but the rumbling that accompanied it. He claims the noise was as loud as a jumbo jet flying overhead and was trying to make a complaint about it.
The Leeton property is currently on the market for $179,000. Neighbours say the family have lived at the fibro home for about 13 months. Vincent Stanford, 24, was arrested at the home on Wednesday night. He was charged with the murder of bride-to-be Stephanie Scott on Thursday.
The 6,825-tonne ferry sank off the southwest coast on April 16 last year. Most of the victims, high school students, died in the tragedy. President Park Geun-Hye has pledged to 'actively consider' raising the Sewol. But senior government officials said the salvage operation would cost £68m.
Roxy Wallace, 50, was formerly a bodyguard called Bob. He lived a reclusive life, plagued by depression. It made it impossible to have meaningful relationship with son William. But in October 2013, Roxy revealed secret to wife Jo, 44, her wife of 20 years. With Jo's support, Roxy started on the journey of gender reassignment. Hopes to have full gender reassignment surgery by Christmas.
The family of 81-year-old Larry Upright added the political message to the obituary announcing the Kannapolis man's death and burial this week. Upright's daughter, Jill McLain, said the rock-ribbed Republican was passionate about politics. 'We did it solely to do something nice and honorable for our dad,' said his daughter.
Viv Nicholson and husband Keith won £152,319, 18 shillings and 8d on the Littlewoods Pools in 1961. She famously announced that she was going to ‘spend, spend, spend’ She was so poor that she couldn’t even afford a pair of tights for the press conference.
Paul Tudor Jones II, the billionaire founder of Tudor Investment Corporation, bought the Casa Apava estate in Palm Beach last week. The seven-bedroom, 18-bathroom property was built in 1918 and has 420 feet of oceanfront access, as well as a tennis court, movie theater, swimming pool and gym. The hefty purchase came days after Jones, 60, warned that increasing inequality could spark a revolution.
Johnny Manziel has been released from rehab after entering a facility on January 28. The Cleveland Browns quarterback checked into a facility to address his drinking, which had been a topic of conversation since his rookie season began last July. Manziel was known for his hard-partying and off-the-field antics while at Texas A&M, but said he was a changed man during the 2014 NFL Draft.
Heidi Bretscher, 28, was leading at mile 19 of the Rock N' Roll Raleigh Marathon when she missed an unmarked turn. She ended up running three miles off course around a lake that wasn't even on the course. She eventually found a police officer who gave her a ride back to mile 17. After working out her timings and distances she still managed to cross the line well ahead of her closest rival.
The menagerie came to light when customs officials at Domodedovo airport scanned a 27kg bag belonging to a female passenger. They found 55 snakes, 35 lizards, seven turtles, six lemurs, two monkeys and even a suspected leopard cub. Two baby crocodiles died on the journey from Jakarta to Moscow and all the survivors appeared terrified when they were found.
Brian Klawiter posted a message on his company's Facebook page on Tuesday in which he announced that openly gay people are not welcome at his business in Grandville, Michigan. 'I would not hesitate to refuse service to an openly gay person or persons,' he wrote. Klawiter, 35, claims he has been surprised at how his message, which he said he only expected to be read by his friends and customers, has attracted national media attention. The controversy has put Klawiter and his business, Dieseltec, at the center of a media firestorm similar to the one Memories Pizza in Indiana experienced
Richard Kerr, 53, said he was one of three youngsters taken to London. They were allegedly molested by politicians and other Establishment figures. Dolphin Square and Elm Guest House are now under investigation by Scotland Yard.
WARNING: GRAPHIC CONTENT. Tibor Racsits, 42, and his daughter Kiara, 13, were bashed by a gang of 25 teenagers. The incident took place outside the Charlestown Square shopping centre in Newcastle, north of Sydney, on Sunday night. Mr Racsits was dragged across the road by at least three young men before being kicked in the stomach and head. His daughter can be heard screaming as she runs to help, but she is pushed from behind by a young girl and slams face-first into the concrete. The father and his daughter were treated at the scene for minor injuries, but
103-year-old deckchair recovered from wreck of Titanic expected to fetch £80,000. Chair was on first class promenade deck when liner sank in 1912. It was found bobbing on surface of Atlantic by crew of Mackay-Bennett. Ship's log records six or seven deckchairs being picked up and taken back to port in Halifax, Nova Scotia.
A dog on death row will for the first time have its case heard in the High Court of Australia. Condemned Staffordshire terrier Izzy is set to be destroyed after she bit a woman in August 2012. The woman who Izzy bit suffered a 1.5cm to her finger on August 4 in 2012, which is deemed as a'serious injury' under the Domestic Animal Act in Victorian law. This is the first time a dog on death row is having its case heard in Australia's highest court.
Prince Harry took part in military exercises with troops in the Northern Territory of Australia. The 30-year-old demonstrated his weapons handling and first aid skills in a Tiger assault helicopter. He spent two nights camping in the remote Kununurra region of Western Australia, learning how to survive a bushfire. At the end of the exercises in the Northern Territory, Prince Harry will hang up his fatigues.
Third-grade teacher Kyle Schwartz asked her students to write down one thing they wished their teacher knew. Schwartz shared the notes on Twitter, and soon teachers across the nation started posting their own results.
Bob Heslip, 50, suffers from Neurofibromatosis type 1, or NF-1, which is caused by a gene malfunction that causes the bubble-like bumps to appear all over his body. The noncancerous lumps began appearing on his body around puberty and became more severe as he aged. Heslip said he feels comfortable in his skin for the first time in his life now that he has joined the Venice Beach Freakshow.
The drunkards were banned from every Birmingham boozer after four convictions under the Inebriates Act of 1898. The list was then sent to landlords who were not allowed to sell them alcohol. Records reveal how offenders came from a variety of backgrounds, such as metal cutters, grease merchants, labourers and hawkers.
Andrew Chan and Myuran Sukumaran lost a bid to challenge their clemency rejections in the state administrative court. The two Australian's lawyers sought a constitutional court review to make clear the president's obligations on considering clemency. Attorney-General HM Prasetyo has declared the move by the pair's lawyers as a delay tactic. The pair's lawyers also intend to challenge the barrier preventing foreign citizens from constitutional court appeals.
Former Strictly Come Dancing star left newlyweds to it at their reception. Judy's mother Shirley Erskine, 80, admitted wedding had been ‘fantastic’ She said: ‘We’ve just all been up there together and everybody’s parting in dribs and drabs, so we’re on the way pushy home’
Professor Ninian Peckitt, 63, was an Honorary locum consultant at Ipswich Hospital. Patient A came to the hospital after an industrial accident in February 2012. He required a second procedure after falling off the bed in hospital. That's when Prof Peckitt struck the patient while he was under anesthetic. He claimed he 'digitally manipulated' the patient's face and denied any wrongdoing. But he was struck off after a medical tribunal heard his fitness to practice was impaired.
Lobster Pound and Moore in Cape Breton, Nova Scotia, said it would no longer allow'small screaming children' into its dining room. The restaurant said it was 'an adult themed restaurant that caters to those who enjoy food and are out to enjoy themselves' Commenters took offense to the policy and said they would never visit. Owner Richard Moore said he made an unfortunate choice of words. He said he sympathized with parents whose children have special needs.
Summer Elbardissy, 19, was partying at Beta Theta Pi fraternity house last year. She reportedly tried to reach makeshift roof desk, but fell out of third-story window. She suffered traumatic brain injury, swelling, broken skull and pelvis. She also had to relearn how to walk, swallow food and get dressed. Now, Miss Elbardissy has filed a lawsuit against the frat and Wesleyan University. In 2010, a student alleged that she was sexually assaulted at the house. Another claimed to have been raped by a non-student on the premises in 2013.
Charles Kingham, 86, and Pauline Moore, 68, have been together for 40 years. They bought their home in Mablethorpe, Lincolnshire, for £35,000 in 1987. But it became a 'living hell' after it was converted into an offender centre. Vandals smashed windows with stones and pelted their home with eggs. The thugs even splashed cooking fat across the walls and path, urinated on their flowers and keyed their car. The couple spent £700 on wood and boarded up the house for protection.
Kim Kardashian, 34, and husband, Kanye West, 37, visited Jerusalem on Monday with 22-month-old daughter, North. Jerusalem's mayor, Nir Barkat, posted photo of them at a non-kosher restaurant. Following day, only Mr Barkat and Kanye were pictured in the photo. In another photo, Kim's face and body were obscured by a copy of bill. Ultra-Orthodox news site, Hakikar, also referred to Kim as 'wife' of Kanye.
Pro-golfer Russell Henley's clubs were lost by United Airlines. Golfer was en route to Master's tournament in Georgia this week. British Airways banned Game of Thrones actress Maisie Williams from lounge.
Watch will be shown off to the public for the first time from tomorrow at its retail stores and several special popup stores around the world. From tomorrow morning, customers will be able to preorder their watch online. Customers in Australia, Canada, China, France, Germany, Hong Kong, Japan, the UK and the US can try on and experience Apple Watch at their local Apple Store.
Three vehicles collided on the Brisbane Valley Highway, 2km south of Fernvale, on Wednesday afternoon. A 40-year-old man with chest and shoulder injuries and a five-year-old boy with chest pain were the first patients flown out by rescue helicopter. A 27-year-old woman with arm injuries and a six-year-old girl suffering from abdominal pain were also being flown out. Six others - including an infant and two young girls - have been taken to Ipswich Hospital with minor injuries or for further assessment.
Men on deck ran to one side, the sudden movement and weight pitching them into the sea. Hundreds of terrified women and children sheltering from the cold were trapped and died as water surged in and the boat turned upside down. The commercial ship was unaware of the unfolding disaster and went on its journey, leaving men, women and children in the water.
Superyachts can sell for more than £50million, while others cost more than £400,000 a week to charter. One owner threw a party with two live Siberian tigers on board. Three 'A-list' musical acts were hired to perform at a private party that took four months to plan. Another owner had a week's worth of fruit and vegetables flown from France to the Maldives.
Body painter Jrg Dsterwald camouflages models in woodland. The 49-year-old German has been body-painting for 20 years. Camouflaged models lie still for long periods of time to blend in.
Right-to-buy scheme will be extended to all 1.3million families in housing association properties. The Prime Minister said the Tories would offer discounts of up to 70%. But the National Housing Federation said the subsidy will cost taxpayers £5.8billion and was effectively worth £100,000 to each family who benefited. The Chartered Institute of Housing, meanwhile, said the move would do nothing to tackle the housing crisis.
The CH-53E Super Stallion landed on the beach in northern San Diego County after a low oil-pressure indicator light came on in the cockpit. No one was injured in the landing and the helicopter was fine to later take off and return to Miramar Air Station. The 100-foot copter is twice the size of the humpback whales that sometimes wash up on surrounding shores.
Psychologists at New York University have been trying to gain an understanding about how the brain stores memories for 'emotionally neutral events' They found people have better memory for boring information when it's presented in an emotional context, regardless of if it is rewarding or negative. This is because emotion affects activity in certain brain regions.
The world's best golfers gathered on the eve of the Masters on Thursday to take on a nine-hole course, often with their wives, girlfriends or kids as caddies. Golf WAG and U.S. skier Lindsey Vonn appeared to be the only caddie to have opted out of the bland, white jumpsuit uniform. Vonn was dressed in a floor-length, spaghetti strap gown, accessorized with diamonds and Louis Vuitton.
Jetsuite.com lets those with a far smaller bank balance book private jets. Airbnb lets you rent a castle in the Lake District for £95 per night. Getmyboat.com is the Airbnb of the yacht world.
Colin Kay was driving his Citroen Picasso on the A586 in Lancashire last year. Female doctor in a Toyota Aygo pulled in front of him in 50mph head on collision. Mr Kay captured the incident on his dashcam and provided police with footage. But he has been told there will be no further action as investigating officer went off sick.
Just 11 per cent of research funding from Government and charities into UK’s leading causes of death and disability was allocated to dementia. Just 8p in every £10 spent looking after dementia patients goes on research. outlay on stroke research is little better, with 19p allocated from each £10 spent on the health and social needs of patients.
Workers at two Texas stores, as well as in California, Florida and Oklahoma, were notified only a couple of hours before they lost their jobs. Almost 550 people lost their job at the Pico Rivera store in California alone. Walmart said it aims to'reopen' the stores 'as soon as these issues are resolved and improvements are made'
Conchita van der Waal offered a range of 'kinky' sexual services to clients. The 46-year-old worked at the Dutch central bank for eight years. She was fired over 'integrity issues' after her identity was revealed.
SNP's deputy leader Stewart Hosie said party would be 'entitled to vote against any bit of legislation' and 'any bit of spending' it does not agree with. But the SNP suggested it would hold Ed Miliband to ransom if he refuses to scrap the Trident nuclear defence programme.
The two four-year pilot culls in Somerset and Gloucestershire should be completed by trapping the badgers in cages and then shooting them, says the BVA. It concluded that the first two years of culling had not demonstrated that ‘controlled shooting’ of free-running badgers could be effective and humane. Animal welfare campaigners welcomed the news but said the BVA’s ongoing support for cage-trapping and shooting was ‘regrettable’
Tony Blair Associates paid to advise Colombia on its mining industry. Fees paid by the United Arab Emirates and not the Colombian government. Contract includes a requirement that his wife Cherie join him on trips. Last week Blair denied being in the 'league of the super-rich'
Dr Mark Porter, head of the British Medical Association, said that whoever wins the election will inevitably be tempted to bring in charges. All three major parties have denied there will be any end to the principle that the NHS should be free at the point of use. Critics will say that if GPs had not enjoyed such enormous pay rises over the past decade, there would be much more money around.
The 29-year-old wore a white chiffon top paired with navy trousers. She laughed and joked with friend, Irene Forte, at the launch party. Davy had a six-year relationship with Prince Harry before they called it a day in May 2010.
Yaphank, Long Island was once home to a Nazi camp where children could fish, swim, hunt and learn about things like eugenics. The camp was one of several scattered across the U.S. that were founded by the German American Bund. In the run-up to the war, the FBI and NYPD kept close tabs on the camp.
Sue and Charlie MacDonald lost their son Gareth eight years ago. He was murdered by the man he loved, conman Glen Rycroft. Rycroft had conned Gareth and his family out of thousands of pounds. Rycroft was convicted of murder in 2009 and sentenced to life in prison. Sue and Charlie appear on the latest episode of Britain's Darkest Taboos.
Row broke out between Andrea Trunfio, 36, and Mario Bretti, 64, in July last year. Court heard how the pair clashed as they drove their vans away from the site. Mr Bretti said his competitor chased him along a busy road before cutting him off at a junction and blocking him with his van. He then got out and threw a flurry of punches at the 64-year-old through the driver's window.
The giant turnip has been grown in China's Yunnan Province. It is so big it has been nicknamed the 'fat little girl' in the village where it was grown. It was grown naturally without the help of any fertilizers.
The Eaze app lets people choose medical grade marijuana and have it delivered by a vetted driver in one of the US states where the drug is legal. Californian start-up has just raised $10 million (£6.7 million) so that users can ‘find the perfect medicine’ in more states. Users pay by cash upon receipt of the drugs and can review the quality of the cannabis and delivery by rating the driver.
Former Prime Minister launches stinging attack on threat posed by SNP. He will say a Labour deal with the separatists would mean higher taxes. Sir John will say 'we would all pay for SNP's ransom in our daily lives' Comes as senior Labour figures soften stance on potential deal with SNP.
Jason Lee, 38, a former managing director at Goldman Sachs, was arrested in August 2013 after the woman accused him of attacking her. Prosecutors said Lee was celebrating his birthday at Georgica restaurant and lounge in Wainscott when he invited the woman and her friends back to his rental home for a pool party. The woman, a then-20-year-old Irish student said that once at the house, Lee undressed, forced his way into a bathroom and pinned her to the floor. Lee has pleaded not guilty and is free on $100,000 bail.
Denise Fedyszyn, 37, from Holmfirth, tipped the scales at 20st 4lb. Fairground worker told her: 'You're too fat to ride, I can't fasten the seatbelt' She joined Weightwaters and changed her diet and exercise.
Bring Up The Bodies renamed 'Wolf Hall II' in preparation for Broadway run. Booker Prize-winning author has cut 'a lot of repetition' in play. Story of rise and fall of Thomas Cromwell is more than 1,000 pages long. It was adapted for TV by BBC and starred Damian Lewis as Henry VIII.
Adam Leheup arranged to meet his alleged victim on the 'Let's Date' app. The 34-year-old allegedly insisted on having sex with the 25-year-old. Leheup missed his last train home so the woman allowed him to come home with her. Blackfriars Crown Court heard they enjoyed a night-long date, which included wine and cocktails.
Bilal Skaf was assaulted by three other inmates in the yard of Goulburn Correctional Centre on Friday. The 33-year-old inmate sustained minor head injuries and was treated in hospital before returning the same day. Bilal was sentenced to 55 years' jail in 2002 for his part in a series of gang rapes in Sydney's southwest. He was one of 14 mostly Muslim Lebanese Australians who went on a four-week rampage of raping Australian women and teenage girls.
Prime Minister's wife wore £185 emerald green wrap dress by The Fold. Look was finished with a slim white belt and black heels. Samantha, 43, is a huge fan of British designers.
Leaj Jarvis Price, 24, allegedly shot dead by husband Eric Heath Price, 25. She ran into doctor's office in Jemison, Alabama, screaming 'call the police' Price then returned to nearby home and staged standoff with police. He was taken to hospital with self-inflicted gunshot wound to head. Price has since been charged with murder; condition is unknown. Couple had been in long-running custody battle over Mrs Price's six-year-old son.
The Oak Bottle promises to impart an authentic aged flavour. The process can take up to two years to mature in an oak barrel. It retails at £50 but Oz Clarke puts it to the test.
Services by West Coast Railways suspended following incident on March 7. 100mph collision between a steam excursion and a First Great Western high speed train was missed by barely a minute. Network Rail ban is the first since privatisation, indicating gravity of incident.
A 20-year-old British tourist has claimed she was molested by a taxi driver. The driver, known as Salim, is alleged to have assaulted the woman in Jaipur. The man, from Todabhim in Karauli district of Rajasthan, is being held in custody. His arrest follows a number of incidents reported to have taken place in India against tourists and locals.
Nick Clegg made a desperate bid to distance his party from allegations about Cyril Smith. He claimed the obese sexual predator did not belong to the Lib Dems. Smith took the party whip for four years in Parliament and was feted as a Lib Dem grandee in the years before he died.
Brandy Savelle and Tony Gervasi had Caesar as a pet for two years. He went missing from their home in Ispheming, Michigan, at the weekend. The family tried to find him, and found bloody tracks in the grass. A day later, a Department of Natural Resources officer showed up at their door. He said he shot the pig because he felt threatened while on the loose. The officer maintained he believed the animal was feral.
Google has released an update to its Android software allowing owners to unlock their phone with their voice. Known as trusted voice, it can unlock a phone simply by hearing its owner say 'OK, Google' It has not been officially announced by Google, but has begun to appear on some Android Handsets. Google also offers an alternative way to unlock an Android phone - and it involves using your face.
Yulia Tarbath, 33, from Surrey gained less than a stone in weight during her first pregnancy. Took less than two weeks to get back to her starting weight of 8st. Lived on a raw vegan diet consisting of massive quantities of fruit, vegetables and juice.
Scientists are building facility to see 13 billion light years away. Protesters say the mountaintop is on top of sacred burial ground land. Native Hawaiian leader has called for a 30-day moratorium on construction.
Archbishop of Brisbane Phillip Aspinall said he supported Father Paul Kelly in his calls for the Homosexual Advance Defence to be removed from Queensland common law. The defence means a murder charge may be reduced to manslaughter if the defendant establishes their victim 'came on' to them. Dr Aspinall also appealed to those who resorted to violence at recent anti-Islam rallies, as well as a individuals behind an apparent spate of church vandalism.
Pew Research Center survey found that 92% of US teens go online daily - and 25% admit they are online constantly. Household incomes can influence which social network children use - with Instagram and Snapchat popular with children from wealthier families.
The 43-year-old mother-of-one watched as baby Vale giggled with delight when her mom gently glided a piece of tissue paper over her face.
North Sea cod population deemed healthy in hundreds of northern European fisheries. Experts say fish is closer to being certified as a sustainable species. Cod stocks plummeted in the 1980s and 1990s, but industry has recovered. One in nine fisheries operate sustainably, with 400 suffering serious failings in data management.
Kefalonia was the setting for Louis de Bernires's novel Captain Corelli's Mandolin. The island is a quarter of the size of Majorca but with just a 20th of the number of tourists of the Spanish hotspot. Kefalonia, however, is simply stunning - an absolute gem.
Clair Schuler, who goes by the stage name Cici Ryder, said Durst was'very infatuated with the drag queens that performed, and their hair and their make-up, especially the hair and the make-up' Schuler said he was not fooled by Durst's apparent deafness and just thought he was an older divorcee coming to grips with his sexuality. Durst, 71, is now facing the death penalty in California, where he is accused of murdering his longtime friend Susan Berman in 2000.
Ukip's education spokesman appeared in party's manifesto in glasses. He was pictured holding a book called 'British Rebels and Reformers' Vintage hardback listed on Amazon as 48-page history book from 1942. Party's immigration spokesman Suzanne Evans appeared to contradict policy. She said party did not want to 'pull up the drawbridge' but 'control who walks over it'
Quincy Hazel and Sabrina Golden-Hazel, both 44, 'locked a 17-year-old boy and a 12-year-old girl in a closet for days on end and forced them to eat from a bucket' They 'also let them sleep on the floor and beat them when they were hungry' The conditions emerged when the older child ran away from home last month and started living on the street.
Luke Shambrook went missing from his favourite camping spot on Good Friday. The 11-year-old autistic boy was found just three kilometres from where he went missing at Lake Eildon National Park, north-east of Melbourne. His parents revealed he has been going to the Candlebark Campground at Lake Eildon National Park, northeast of Melbourne, since he was one year old. Rachel and Tim Shambrook thanked everyone for their efforts in helping to find their son.
The 'perfect dog' has all the best bits from the UK's favourite breeds. A third of owners want their dog to have a short, low-maintenance coat. A similar proportion favoured soft, floppy ears. The 'perfect dog' also has the snout of a labrador and eyes of a beagle.
Madison Small left school early on Monday and when she woke up in the night with a severe headache, she was rushed to hospital. By Tuesday afternoon, her father had contacted the school to tell them she had passed away that morning. On Friday, the Loudoun County Health Department confirmed she died of meningococcal meningitis. It is the school system's first confirmed case in two years. Public Health officials said they do not have reason to believe her illness poses a risk to other students, particularly because last week was spring break.
Oliver Pareece Jones, 37, was last seen at a Walmart on Foothill Boulevard on April 5 around 8.45am. He was caught in a surveillance photo checking out of the Four Points Sheraton hotel on April 5 at 6.26am. He then withdrew $800 in cash out of a cash point before making a stop at a Walmart in Rancho Cucamonga. Jones, who owns a pecan business in Chihuahua, Mexico, has not been heard from since.
Phil Haste, 60, was shocked to receive a £50 fine for failing to display tax disc. Businessman also told he had not shown a pay and display ticket in his car. Paper tax discs were abolished on October 1 last year. Torbay Council said it was not their policy to issue fines for road tax offences.
Geoff Johnson, 37, and his younger sister Jennifer McShea, 37, returned to their mother's home in Omaha, Nebraska, after her death in 2013. They were inspired to create a moving photo-series with their own children to document the reality of being a hoarder's child. Geoff, a photographer, wanted to picture his son and Jennifer's daughter going about their daily lives among the trash. But the crumbling house is so unsafe, and their feelings still so raw, that they opted to use Photoshop.
Iona Costello, 51, and her 14-year-old daughter Emily were last seen on March 30 near their home in the wealthy seaside village of Greenport. The pair often went to shows and museums in New York City, but relatives say they were stressed out by a legal battle. Police said they do not expect any foul play and have no hard evidence suggesting that the Costellos may be in danger. Emily did not return to her East Hampton school from Spring Break this week.
On Tuesday the Organisation for the Prohibition of Chemical Weapons will hold a commemorative meeting close to the fields. Chlorine gas - carried by favourable winds over Flanders Fields from German positions - sowed terror and agony for the first time on April 22, 1915. Some 1,200 French soldiers were killed in the chaos of that first five-minute gas attack.
Kelli Jo Bauer, 45, was arrested at her Kansas City home after undercover officers visited her. They were allegedly shown dozens of clothes, many still with tags, that she was selling. Bauer, who lives in a $900,000 home in Overland Park, had advertised more than 1,000 items of high-end women's clothing on Facebook.
Karen Buckley vanished after a night out in Glasgow at the weekend. The 24-year-old's body was found on a farm north of the city yesterday. Her parents Marian and John joined hundreds of mourners at a vigil today. A man, believed to be 21-year-old Alexander Pacteau, has been arrested in connection with Miss Buckley's death.
Hengshui No.2 Middle School accused of making itself look like a prison. Two pupils from the school have plunged to death since last October.
British brand has become a global success with sales up 10% for six months to end of March compared to the year before. Chief executive Christopher Bailey said new products have helped to boost sales. ponchos, together with heritage trench coats and scarves, have boosted Burberry sales by 10 per cent over winter.
John Kerry said Washington would not accept foreign interference in Yemen. He criticised Tehran's backing of Shiite Houthi fighters in the country. Saudi-led coalition continues to pound anti-government forces in Yemen.
Inspectors found shocking state of hygiene at The Steer Inn in Wilberfoss. Owner David Crossfield later admitted 17 charges of breaching food safety. Raw meat was being prepared in direct contact with ready-to-eat salad. Kitchen equipment was in unhygienic condition due to disrepair. Food safety systems, monitoring checks and procedures were not in place.
Arthur Baldwin was taken into custody at 12:30am on Friday on a residential street in south-eastern D.C. He has been hit with a felony charge of attempted burglary and another of destruction of property. The Metropolitan Police department told DailyMail.com that Baldwin was arrested by officers returning to the scene of the alleged crime. The agency revoked Baldwin's security clearance and put him on leave in light of the arrest.
Hundreds of products sold at discount retailers have been found to contain toxic levels of harmful metals, plastics and chemicals. A study of four major discount retailers in the United States found that 133 out of 164 products tested, contained at least one hazardous chemical 'above levels of concern' Australian author and CEO of the Australian College of Environmental Studies, Nicole Bijlsma, said an investigation into products sold at Australian two dollar stores could produce similar results.
Margaret Penny was murdered in a hair salon in Portland, Victoria on May 3, 1991. Claire Acocks was found badly beaten, repeatedly stabbed, with their throats cut and were wrapped in black hair wraps. Nearly 24 years after the horrific event Margaret's husband Robert Denny, 83, has been charged with two counts of murder. Penny was remanded in custody to appear in the Melbourne Magistrates Court for a committal mention on July 6.
The mother-of-two, 58, released a statement about her diagnosis on Tuesday. She explained that her first test for cancer came back negative but that she was correctly diagnosed after seeking a second opinion. She urged other women to seek a 'necessary and vital' second opinion if they found themselves in similar situations.
The new policy allows for an American traveler who has been denied boarding a commercial airliner to petition the U.S. Transportation Security Administration. In some cases, the government will not be able to provide an explanation because of national security concerns. The changes partially lift a veil of secrecy enshrouding a policy that has been a centerpiece of the government's counterterrorism efforts.
Mary Murphy, 66, and her partner John Wood, 67, died at their home. She is thought to have tried to grab hold of Mr Wood when he stumbled. But she slipped herself and the pair fell to their deaths in their hallway. Police are treating the deaths as a 'bizarre and tragic' accident.
Motorway officers had pulled over a driver they suspected was speeding. They then spotted a caravan heading towards them in the dark on M5. At the last minute they spotted the nearside back window was open. Caravan also narrowly missed a workman standing along the carriageway.
Street cleaners found the remains in a box, wrapped in rope, in Trujillo. They initially thought they had stumbled across a murder victim. But it turned out the remains date back to 1100 AD and were stolen.
Joan Ashton, 81, lives at Aneurin Bevan Court in Duffryn, Newport. Her son Steve visits her regularly and says she is well-looked after. But he was shocked to find 'terrible' baked potato and corned beef meal. Newport City Homes, which runs the housing complex, has apologised.
Charity runners left exhausted after being sent on two-mile detour. Blunder was believed to have been caused by a race marshal taking a toilet break. Instead they continued past unmanned marshall point and had to run for an extra three kilometres while the other 900 competitors followed the correct route.
Wedding dress choices have become so varied that they fall into very distinct camps. Zeenatv Sabur from the wedding planning website Ready or Knot believes brides are thinking outside the box. She said: 'Brides don't go for what they think they should go for anymore, they choose their dress more on what their personalities are like'
Steve Smith, 52, grew up helping his father run a stall at Bilston market. He opened his first Poundland shop in Burton-upon-Trent at age of 18 in 1990. The venture was an overnight success and he became self-made millionaire. When he sold firm in 2000, Mr Smith gave half of profits - £25million - to parents. But he still receives 'pocket money' from his wife Tracy, with whom he has three children.
Newzoids is a new six-part comedy series set to launch later this month. Will see the Duke and Duchess of Cambridge given puppet versions of themselves. Other royals to feature include Prince Charles and the Duchess of Cornwall.
House prices across the UK will rise at a fraction of last year’s frenetic pace. Property prices soared by 10 per cent in 2014 but will grow by just 1.5 per cent over the next 12 months. London will fare the worst, with prices actually dropping by 3.6 per cent.
One ship - HMS Ocean - even had five pregnant sailors removed in emergency'medevacs' during the last nine years. At least one woman was airlifted from HMS Illustrious, which was nicknamed 'HMS Lusty' by the crew before it was decommissioned last year. 18 other ships - including HMS Dragon, HMS Enterprise and HMS Richmond - had emergency evacuations, data showed. Ministry of Defence spokesman confirmed there was a strict 'no touching' rule in place at sea.
On Tuesday Jessa Duggar announced she's pregnant with her first child with husband Ben Seewald, 19. The 22-year-old 19 Kids & Counting star told People: 'We are so excited. The due date is November first, our wedding anniversary' She is the third to marry, and every marriage has a honeymoon year.
Matt Mooney wanted to stay true to the materials that became the foundation for his home. The 3,700 sq ft home, dubbed 'PV14,' boasts a 40ft long swimming pool on the ground floor that reflects the two-story glass-paneled tower. The home also features a 1,400 sq ft roof deck that can fit up to 150 people and has a 360 degree view of White Rock Lake and downtown Dallas.
Dental kits which allow people to carry out their own fillings are on the rise. The kits can cost as little as £5 and can even be bought in pound shops. One of the biggest sellers of the kits is DenTek who sell 250,000 products a year. Last year British Dental Health Foundation found that one in five people admitted they would carry out DIY dentistry.
KFC's questionnaire contains 30 questions which mostly ask applicants to rank their response from'strongly agree' to'strongly disagree' Head of Human Resources, Robert Phipps, assured it was designed to rank the thousands of applicants that apply for jobs with the company. He estimated that only one third of applicants make it through to the interview process, with employee referrals being 'our number one method of recruitment'
Bureau of Meteorology issued severe weather warnings for NSW on Sunday. But they didn't know exactly where it was going to occur. The storm was forecast to form between Port Macquarie and Newcastle. But it turned out to hit closer to Newcastle than Port Macquarie. It then covered 150km south from Newcastle to Wollongong. Emergency services admitted on Tuesday they were shocked by the severity of the storm.
Frank Abagnale has said people in the western world have probably already had their identities stolen by digital fraudsters. The former conman turned fraud prevention expert said the public is underestimating the extent that their details have been stolen by digital fraudsters. In the 2002 film Catch Me If You Can, played by Leonardo Di Caprio, Abagnale poses as a doctor, a lecturer, a lawyer and an airline pilot over the course of a crime spree that eventually landed him in prison.
Pippa, 31, was seen out jogging in London today for the second time this week. Preparing to take part in a 54-mile charity bike ride from London to Brighton.
Jamyra Gallmon of Washington was arrested last week and charged with first-degree murder while armed for allegedly killing David Messerschmitt, 30, on February 9. According to a police affidavit filed in court on Thursday, she stole just $40 and the victim's Metro SmarTrip card. Her roommate - and alleged girlfriend - 19-year-old Dominique Johnson was arrested on Wednesday and is accused of being an accomplice. She has been charged with conspiracy to commit armed robbery and made an initial appearance in D.C. Superior Court on Thursday during which she denied the charge against her.
More than 100 tonnes of dead fish found floating in the water near Huizhou City in Guangdong Province. The polluted lake had become contaminated with ammonia. Owner Zhang Feng believes the ammonia came from a nearby farm which was using the chemical as fertiliser.
Andrew Barr, principal of The Geelong College, south-west of Melbourne, has resigned after a photo of him looking at pornography in his office went viral on the internet. The school council launched an investigation, which included a search of Mr Barr's computer, after the photograph appeared on Snapchat. Chairman of the Geelong College council, Dr Hugh Seward, said the matter was a serious breach of the school's standards.
Alex Salmond hopes to make a return to the Commons as MP for Gordon. Lib Dem Sir Malcolm Bruce is standing down after more than 30 years. Polls suggest the Lib Dems face near-wipeout in Scotland. Mr Salmond has chosen to stand in the Gordon constituency.
Raymond Allen opened the first KFC in Preston, Lancashire, in 1965. He is only a handful of people in the world to know its secret recipe. The 87-year-old said the company has strayed so far from its original concept it's been 'ruined'
The bones were found entombed in limestone in a cave in Altamura, Italy. They belong to a Neanderthal who fell down a sinkhole around 150,000 years ago. The skeleton is thought to have come to rest in its unusual tomb after an adult male fell down a sinkhole into a limestone karst system. It has provoked debate among anthropologists partly due to the difficulties in studying the skeleton as it had become part of the cave walls. But after taking a tiny part of the skeleton's shoulder bone, researchers have been able to answer the questions. They found mitochondrial DNA they extracted from the shoulder bone matched that
Historians have identified the remains of a German soldier killed at Waterloo. Friedrich Brandt, 23, was a member of George III’s German Legion. He was killed by Napoleon’s forces and was found with a musket ball between his ribs. Brandt would have fought alongside British and Dutch troops against Napoleon. His skeleton was uncovered in a car park near the Lion’s Mound area at Waterloo battlefield just south of Brussels in June 2012.
Researchers have found that bird species are continuing to drop in Fukushima. The barn swallow, for example, dropped from hundreds to dozens. This is despite radiation levels in the region starting to fall. And comparing it to Chernobyl could reveal what the future holds.
Billions of barrel jellyfish have been spotted off the coast of Devon and Cornwall. The jellyfish, which can grow up to six feet, are attracted by warmer waters. Dozens of sightings have been reported to the authorities.
The xylella fastidiosa bacteria has ravaged olive trees in the Puglia region. It contributed to a 35 percent drop in the region's olive oil production last year. Its effect on production will mean shortages in the supply of olive oil.
Jessica Howard, 23, denounced 'night stalker' Clive Howard, 57, for his string of assaults on six women over 28 years. She told him that the catastrophic impact of his attack could never be put into words and has destroyed her life. The mechanic, a father-of-six who lives with his parents in Battisford, Suffolk, picked up some in his Volvo estate and pounced on others in parks.
Light aircraft crashed in Punta Cana region of the Dominican Republic today. Foreign Office looking into reports two Britons were on flight with six others. The single-engine Piper PA-32 crashed shortly after take-off at 8.15am. Pilot was trying to make emergency landing when plane struck ground.
Luke Harris and Daryl Lee had their first child three months ago. They are now preparing to welcome their third baby into the world. The couple, from Surrey, controversially enlisted the help of three surrogate mothers.
Seraphine has seen sales double in two years since Duchess was spotted in one of its outfits. Among the most popular royal choices was a £195 mist-blue collarless cashmere coat with faux pearl buttons. Other Seraphine outfits in the Duchess’s wardrobe include the £46 fuchsia wrap dress that she wore in the first official photograph of Prince George nearly two years ago.
Labour leader insists SNP MPs would not be able to dictate policy. Comes after Nicola Sturgeon said Labour could only govern with SNP. She said SNP would be 'calling the shots' if Labour did not have majority.
The red, worn chair will be removed from its enclosure at Dearborn's Henry Ford Museum and displayed in an open plaza on April 15. Two days earlier, it will be onstage when renowned historian and Lincoln expert Doris Kearns Goodwin delivers a sold-out lecture. Lincoln's chair has been part of the museum started by pioneering automaker Henry Ford - no relation to the theater-owning Ford family - since its founding 85 years ago.
Claim was made by the commander of Russian Space Command. Oleg Maidanovich said someone was hiding satellites as space junk. But in a film he refused to name the country behind the ruse. It suggests there could be more satellites than thought monitoring different countries on Earth.
Thaddeus McCarroll's mother reported on Friday night that her son had barricaded himself in a home in Jennings. The mother told police her son 'was talking about going on a "journey""and a "mission" and mentioned a "black revolution,"' to police. Police say they shot him with an 'according less lethal impact weapon' because they felt they had to act.
MV Azores was due to leave Lisbon for Bristol at 7pm on Tuesday night. But lawyers slapped a court order on the ship over 'historic' financial wrangle. Harbour master then refused to let the ship leave the port for 19 hours. One stricken passenger sent text to relative saying: 'Can't believe we're stuck'
Susan Farmer, 37, from Eddy, Texas, weighs 43st (605lbs) She was told by doctors to lose half her body weight or face early death. But her mother Nita continued to buy her daughter fatty foods.
The YouGov poll of more than 2,000 Britons revealed that we consume an average of 17 cups of tea each week. Those aged 55 and over typically enjoying 21 cups of tea a week compared with 18 to 24-year-olds, who only drink eight cups a week.
Scientists led by the Scripps Institution of Oceanography, at the University of California, in La Jolla, California, recorded the mysterious ‘Antarctic BW29 signal. It doesn’t fit the pattern of noise generated by the few known species of beaked whale, raising hopes that it could be coming from a completely new species. Experts are sure the noise isn’t made by Arnoux’s beaked whales or Cuvier’s beaked whales, because the signal doesn’t match their songs. But it could belong to a strap-toothed whale, a southern bottlenosed whale or a Gray’s beaked whale
Marilyn Zuniga apologised for allowing her class to write to Mumia Abu-Jamal. She was suspended after allowing third graders to pen letters to the killer. Abu-Jamal is serving a life sentence for the 1981 murder of a police officer. He collapsed in the bathroom of the State Correctional Institution at Mahanoy.
Bill Dudley is still 'lovin' it' and has no plans to quit fast-food joint. Joined team nine years ago after growing bored pottering around house. Wife Margaret, 71, has nicknamed her hubby Old McDonald. McDonalds hailed the great-grandfather as 'a real asset' to the team.
Carlos Manuel Perez Jr, 28, was allegedly pitted against Andrew Jay Arevalo, 24. Guards allegedly staged 'gladiator-like' man-on-man fight inside High Desert State Prison. A trainee corrections officer allegedly waded in and fired four shotgun blasts. Perez was killed and Arevalo left with wounds to his face, lawsuit claims.
Stéphane Charbonnier, known as Charb, was murdered by jihadist gunmen. He has written a book, Lettre Ouverte aux Escrocs de l'Islamophobie qui Font le Jeu des Racistes (Open Letter to the Fraudsters of Islamophobia who Play into Racists' Hands) The book is to be published today in weekly magazine L'Obs.
Temperatures are due to rise throughout today peaking at 22C (72F) tomorrow. That is 11C warmer than UK April average and would beat current 2015 high of 20.7C (69F) on Easter Sunday in Aboyne, Aberdeenshire. Weather will stay mostly dry and sunny across UK for next few days, although some showers are expected from late tomorrow.
State introduced law allowing it to use nitrogen gas to kill death row prisoners. Governor Mary Fallin signed into law a bill approving nitrogen as an alternative method of death, giving Oklahoma four different ways to enact its death penalty. The method involves pumping a chamber full of nitrogen and leaving a prisoner's body to die from lack of oxygen. It has been touted as 'foolproof' in the wake of the embarrassingly botched lethal injections last year. Executions in the state are currently on hold while the Supreme Court ponders whether the three-drug mix favored by Oklahoma is constitutional.
The Light Dragoons marched through the streets of Dereham, Norfolk, to mark the end of their 15 year tenure in the county. More than 4,000 people, including hundreds of school children, lined the route to cheer on the men and women. The regiment is moving from Robertson Barracks in Swanton Morley to Catterick, North Yorkshire.
Around 20 million people in the UK are expected to suffer hayfever symptoms this summer, up a third from last year. Symptoms include streaming eyes, incessant sneezing and irritating itches at the back of the throat. Dr Jean Emberlin, a leading pollen expert, told MailOnline that a 33 per cent rise in the number of people struck by hayfever could occur. She said high and very high pollen counts can trigger hayfever symptoms in people who have not had them before. By 2030, she predicts there will be 31.8 million sufferers as the situation will worsen.
Aracely Meza, who is reportedly not the child's mother, was arrested on Monday and has been charged with injury to a child by omission. Police went to a home on March 26 in Balch Springs to do a welfare check and were told by residents that a two-year-old child had died and a 'rising ceremony' was performed. Unconfirmed reports have suggested that the two-year-old boy may have died either of starvation or of a fall from a chair.
Sergio Barrientos-Hinojosa was arrested late Saturday. Police say an inebriated Barrientos-Hinojosa had his 13-year-old son take him to buy beer at the gas station, where he got into an argument and started shooting at another customer. Investigators say the father ordered his son to drive away while he fired his gun in the air. No one was injured.
Hamilton College in Clinton, New York, went into lockdown at 10am after bomb threat and shooting threat were called in. Suspicious package found in Kirner-Johnson building, and K-9 dogs were brought in to search the campus.
Munira Khalif from Minnesota, Stefan Stoykov from Indiana, Victor Afegba from North Carolina, and Harold Ekeh from New York have all been accepted to all eight Ivy League schools. The students are the offspring of immigrant parents who came to the U.S. during the civil war in Somalia, Bulgaria or Nigeria. They hope to use the opportunities for good - whether its effecting positive social change, improving education across the world or becoming a neurosurgeon.
Lucille Ball statue was unveiled in Celoron, New York, in 2009. It sparked a hate campaign and was dubbed so terrifying, it was nicknamed Scary Lucy. But it isn't the only offensive artwork that has missed the mark. A whole host of ugly effigies have made appearances around the world.
Hilary Border, 54, had power of attorney over her mother Dorothy's affairs. Mother-of-three was required to pay £300-a-week for 83-year-old's care. But when it doubled to £600 the money was either late or stopped being paid. Care home staff tried to contact Border over an outstanding £16,000 debt. She pleaded guilty to fraud on basis she took £20,000 between October 2012, and November 20 last year, despite the fact that prosecution said it was £39,500. Border was sentenced to 16 months in prison, suspended for two years.
Primatologists at Iowa State University recorded 300 hunts by chimps in Fongoli, Sénégal, and found female chimps were using tools to capture prey in 60% of the observations. The chimps at Fongoli in Senegal are the only animals to regularly hunt for prey with tools. Other groups of chimpanzees have been seen to use tools in other ways to help them gather hard to reach food. However, the male chimpanzees tended to capture larger prey and used their hands.
Michael Brelo, 31, made his first appearance in court in Cleveland, Ohio, on Monday charged with two counts of voluntary manslaughter. He is the lone officer among the 13 who fired their weapons that night who is charged criminally. Prosecutors say he stood on the hood and opened fire four seconds after the other officers had stopped shooting. Brelo's attorney Patrick D'Angelo conceded that his tactics could be called into question given that Brelo exposed himself to danger.
Dell 'Super Dell' Schanze, 45, was sentenced to one year of probation on Friday after pleading guilty to two misdemeanor counts. His admission of guilt follows a plea deal that fell through on Thursday after he refused to admit to the 2011 crime. Schanze was scheduled to go to trial on April 20 and would have faced a maximum of one year in federal prison and more than $100,000 in fines if convicted.
Robin Wright won a Golden Globe last night for her role in hit Netflix series House of Cards. The actress married actor Sean Penn shortly after his high-profile split with Madonna in 1989. The couple had two children, daughter Dylan Penn, 24, and son Hopper Penn, 21, who are now both actors.
McDonald's advert appears to show Italian children prefer Happy Meals. A voice over says 'your little boy had no doubt' that he wanted a Happy Meal. Top Italian chef Eduardo Pagnani said it was 'blasphemy' to suggest. He said: 'Don't ridicule pizza, it is quality food and the best known in the world'
KFC allowed hundreds of people to tour the back of 219 stores across Australia and roam from freezer to fryer on Saturday. The fast food giant hoped to dispel myths around the quality and freshness of their ingredients. Health experts warned consumers not to equate KFC's attempt to build customer trust through displaying respectable food safety standards and their message of 'freshness', with healthiness.
The woman in her 30s was kicked out of Melbourne's Greatest Ever Easter Egg Hunt at Caulfield Racecourse on Saturday. She was told by a 13-year-old volunteer she was taking too many eggs. More than 2,500 chocolate lovers paid $5 to fill up their bucket with as many eggs as they could fit on Saturday. Event organiser Allan Turner said parents were a major problem at the event who took in additional bags and even prams.
19th century Castle Toward, near Dunoon, was used to ready soldiers for landing at a beach. It was commissioned as HMS Brontosaurus in 1942 and was visited by both Churchill and Lord Mountbatten. Allied soldiers would spend a week of intensive training at the castle, which included swimming in full kit. Training was so realistic and demanding that many servicemen were killed in accidents.
Boy's body was found wrapped in blanket in Norfolk pond in June 1988. Teenagers found body floating in the water and raised money for burial. Police exhumed body last year as part of a case review and took DNA sample. A match was found for a possible relative of one of the parents. Woman was arrested on suspicion of infanticide but charge was dropped. She told officers she had concealed pregnancy from her family and friends. Police ruled out any foul play and the woman remains on bail.
Huma Abedin, Hillary Clinton's longtime aide, was seen eating at Tortara Mexican restaurant in New York with husband Anthony Weiner and son Jordan on Saturday. Comes just days after she and Clinton were criticized for not paying tip at Chipotle in Iowa.
Robert Durst's lawyers have asked for the return of $161,000 taken during his arrest in March. Millionaire was arrested on a murder warrant for killing his friend Susan Berman in 2000 to keep her from talking to authorities about his first wife's disappearance. Authorities also found a revolver, marijuana and maps of Florida and Cuba in his New Orleans hotel room.
Molly Schuyler, a 120-pound mother-of-four from California, set a new world record at the Big Texan Steak Ranch in Amarillo, Texas on Sunday. She ate three 72-ounce steaks, three shrimp cocktails, three baked potatoes, three salads and three rolls for a grand total of 15 pounds of food. The previous record she set last year was four minutes and 48 seconds.
More than 200 schoolgirls were kidnapped by Boko Haram a year ago today. Nigeria's new President said he could not promise they would be found. Muhammadu Buhari said his government will do 'everything in power' to bring them home. Protestors marched through Abuja to mark anniversary of the kidnapping.
Photographs taken with the very first'secret' handheld camera will go on display on Saturday at the State Library. The Detective Camera was produced between 1883 and 1887 using a dry negative which was already loaded into the device. It was the first time people really had the opportunity to take a photograph without their subjects knowing. The photos give us a better look at what life was really like for Sydneysiders in the 1880's.
Jake Castner, from Ballarat in Victoria, went into hiding last week. A warrant was issued for his arrest in relation to an alleged string of thefts. On his fourth day on the run he boasted on Facebook: 'We don't talk to police!' The 19-year-old pleaded guilty to 33 offences in November last year.
Tommy Thompson led a team to recover 21 tons of gold from the SS Central America. The ship sank off the Carolina coast in 1857 with around 400 people on board. In 1988 the 62-year-old led an excursion to the vessel. He was accused of cheating his 161 investors, who paid $12.7 million to find the ship, out of the proceeds. Thompson and his girlfriend Alison Antekeier, 42, failed to appear in court in 2012 and abandoned their Florida mansion. They were arrested in January after spending years on the run.
Christopher Furniss-Roe was found in his bedroom by his father just 15 minutes after the 'childish' argument with his younger sister. His father desperately tried to save his son's life but he died the next day in hospital. Coroner ruled it was a tragic accident - saying the eight-year-old was probably looking for'sympathy and forgiveness' after the row.
Susan Monica, a 66-year-old pig farmer and welder from southern Oregon, went on trial on Tuesday in Medford. She has been charged with killing two handymen living on her 20-acre pig ranch and dismembering the bodies. Both victims were shot in the head and dismembered in what prosecutors allege were separate murders committed more than a year apart.
The fifth season of HBO's Game of Thrones is set to debut tonight. But the first four episodes of the new season have been leaked online. Episodes titled The Wars to Come, The House of Black and White, High Sparrow and The Sons of the Harpy were downloaded more than 550,000 times.
People with breathing problems more likely to experience decline in memory. US researchers suggest onset of Alzheimer’s might be accelerated among those with sleeping problems. At least half a million Britons suffer from sleep apnoea. Condition is most often found in middle-aged, overweight men.
Paramedics found Kyle Hargreaves kissing a girl on a stretcher in the back. The ambulance crew had left the doors open while they collected a 92-year-old man with chest pain from inside the property. When confronted by Michael Newman, Hargreaves said: 'What's your problem? We are just trying to have sex' He was jailed for two years and eight months at Grimsby Crown Court.
Carwyn Scott-Howell plunged 160ft to his death in Flaine, France. He was skiing with his mother and siblings after becoming separated. State prosecutor Pierre Yves Michau said death was 'tragic accident'
Boeing 787-8 departed from London Gatwick at around 9.40am yesterday. Plane met by six police cars on landing at LF Wade International Airport. Bermuda Police confirmed two men were taken into custody.
Built in 1895, Holmesburg Prison in Philadelphia, Pennsylvania housed some of the country's most dangerous criminals. Its history was filled with violent riots, breakouts, corrupt guards and rape of inmates. In 2011, haunting images revealed that government doctors used the jail to test chemical substances on inmates and disabled Americans. Nearly two decades after its closure in 1995, all that remains is cracked paint, crumbling hallways and empty cells.
René Dee watched as his wife Eileen slipped away just days after catching the infection. The 68-year-old had been battling cancer at the Royal Sussex County Hospital. She had received a positive prognosis but died because of an infection. Several hospital rooms were found to have traces of the drug-resistant bacteria Pseudomonas aeruginosa in water running from the tap and in the shower drain. Mr Dee is now suing the Brighton and Sussex University Hospitals Trust.
The 29-year-old woman, named by local media as Samantha or Amanda, was chased by police through the Pattaya region. Officers broke the front passenger window of the vehicle to arrest her when she refused to open the door. The blonde woman was then bundled into a police car - to protect her from an angry mob that had formed in the wake of the carnage.
Jade Wimsey, 24, from Goole, East Yorkshire, would down up to seven cans a day at more than £1.50 a pop and totalling more than 1,540 calories. Her fizzy drink addiction caused her weight to rocket to 17st 6lb. She is now a slim size 12 having shed six stone in 18 months by kicking the energy fuel for good.
U.S. consumer advisory group says planes should have minimum space. FAA conducts tests on how quickly passengers can leave a plane. Some airlines offer as little as 28 inches between rows of seats.
Muhammad Naviede was killed instantly in a plane crash in August last year. 60-year-old's Piper Tomahawk aircraft plummeted into a field near Padbury. He sent a text to a relative saying: 'I'm in a plane out of control and it's going down' Text was 'unusual' as plane did not enter a spin until after it was sent. Mr Naviede was jailed in 1995 for nine years for £45million fraud. His daughter Raquelle Gracie came fifth in the 2007 X Factor with girl band Hope.
Labour leader admits his party has been 'too timid' on immigration. Admits migrants must learn to speak English, especially in the NHS. Pledges a Home Office task force to tackle exploitation of migrant workers.
Lord Neuberger said Muslim women should be allowed to wear a full face veil. He said they should be allowed to'show, and be seen to show' respect. President of the Supreme Court said judges should be'sensitive' to 'privileged' background. He said Britain's privileged judges must be aware of their'subconscious bias'
Huma Abedin has known Hillary Clinton since 1996 when she worked for the then-first lady in the White House. In 2008 Clinton tapped her to be her 'body woman' when she ran for president. When Clinton became secretary of state a year later, Abedin became her deputy chief of staff. Daily Mail Online confirmed in March that Abedin had a personal email address on Clinton's home-brew server.
Dempsey And Makepeace actress looks barely a day over 40. For the past two years, under the tutelage of nutritional therapist Fleur Borrelli, Glynis has changed what and how she eats. She tore up her too: out went breakfast – instead she has just two large meals a day.
Leo Grand launched his first app, Trees for Cars, in August 2013. Patrick McConlogue offered Grand a deal: $100 in cash on the spot or daily coding lessons. Grand picked the latter, and was also provided a laptop, office space and coding books. But Grand is still living on the streets, and he said the number one question people ask him is why he's still homeless.
FBI agent claimed family of Abdulaziz al-Hijji had'many connections' to 9/11 hijackers. Al-Hijji and wife Anoud lived in 3,300 square foot Sarasota home for six years. They left in August 2001 and did not even leave forwarding address. 9/11 Review Commission said report was 'unsubstantiated' and 'poorly written'
Aldi has requested the ability to make employees work more than 38 hours in a submission to the Workplace Relations Productivity Commission. National Secretary of the Transport Workers' Union, Tony Sheldon, accused Aldi of trying to reintroduce serfdom. His comment was made amidst a new submission from the supermarket giant to the Productivity Commission. Aldi's last attempt to increase workers hours in 2012 failed despite the supermarket chain arguing that their employees 'overwhelmingly supported' the proposals.
London Mayor was given a big kiss on his right cheek by a particularly enthusiastic voter yesterday as he helped colleagues campaign in Ramsgate. As he got in his car later, he was spotted with red lipstick marks on his other cheek. Mr Johnson yesterday joined Tory Craig Mackinlay, who is defending a Conservative majority of around 7,600 in the South Thanet seat.
Ian Gibson had his kneecap blown off in combat more than 30 years ago. He is now suing his employer after he was nicknamed 'Hoppy' by a colleague. Claims he was subjected to a tirade of 'horrible harassment' while working at Heathrow Airport. The 60-year-old joined the company as plane refueller in December 2007.
A virtually cloud-free satellite image from the European Space Agency’s MetOp-B satellite has been released. Parts of Scotland and Wales experienced the warmest temperatures today, with highs of 16.6C in Achnagart, north of Fort William. Thousands flocked to the beaches in Brighton which to enjoy the sunny weather and highs of 14.9C. Forecasters say the warm weather is set to continue thanks to a third blast of hot air from the Mediterranean.
Nantucket wooden chair once sat on first-class promenade of ill-fated ship. Was salvaged by a search team from the Atlantic Ocean after Titanic sank. Anonymous seller kept it by a large window overlooking the sea at his home. It was sold yesterday at Henry Aldridge and Son auction house in Wiltshire.
Chris Rowe, 31, was plagued by an irritating cough for six months. Repeated visits to doctors were met with the same conclusion - he was most likely suffering a'simple' virus. He was sent home each time, reassured he was most likely suffering a virus. But after a dull ache in his ribs and coughing up blood, he was taken to A&E. There, an X-ray revealed a tumour on the father-of-one's lung. In December, Mr Rowe was diagnosed with an aggressive form of lung cancer that had spread to his liver and bones. He is now undergoing
Bus carrying Fenerbahce players and coaching staff shot at on Saturday. Driver suffered a head injury and was taken to hospital. Fenerbahce TV maintained the bus was attacked by an assailant with a shotgun. Former Liverpool midfielder Dirk Kuyt was among 40 players and officials on board the coach which was attacked near the city of Trabzon.
Australian label We Are Handsome will debut their first Active Swim range on Tuesday night in Sydney. The show will feature real-life fitness and social media stars, rather than professional models. Sjana Earp, Kate Kendall, Amanda Bisk, Juliet Burnett and Lindy Klim will walk the runway. This industry first comes days after France passed legislation banning excessively thin models from participating in Paris Fashion Week.
Carwyn Scott-Howell was on holiday with his family in the French Alps. He is believed to have got lost on the last run of the day while skiing. The seven-year-old is believed to have taken the chance to go skiing in woodland to get back to the resort in Flaine. Police say his final steps were broken up by'sliding marks' in the snow.
Baby was found crying in toilet of a Chinese burger bar in Chengdu. Staff recognised the mother from CCTV footage and called the police. Yuan Yen, 34, was arrested and faces charges of neglect.
Ukip leader was due to attack government over defence spending. But he got stuck in traffic and was forced to pull out of Staffordshire event. He is under pressure to show his election campaign is on track. Ukip support has slumped by a quarter in less than six months.
Princess Mary visited a farm in the village of Kirke Hyllinge with her family. The 43-year-old was joined by daughters Princess Isabella, seven, and twins Princess Josephine and Prince Vincent, four. The family cuddled a tiny Holstein Friesian calf. The visit was part of Denmark's annual Eco Day celebrations.
Fitness tests have been introduced for all FBI agents following fears over expanding waistlines. Those who fail will have marks noted on their annual performance review. FBI chief James Coney said the force depends on its agents' ability to 'run, fight and shoot' New recruits to the FBI have to take a physical test but for the last 16 years have not had to undergo any other fitness exam.
Carlton Tavern in Maida Vale, west London, demolished by developers. It was the only building in its road not destroyed by Hitler's bombs during Blitz. Landlady Patsy Lord was told to close for an 'inventory' but returned two days later to find the pub, built in 1921, was no longer standing. Historic England was planning to recommend the site be listed at Grade II, putting it in the same category as London's iconic BT Tower. Westminster City Council is now considering legal action against the developers.
The FBI and NYPD said on Wednesday that a reward of up to $115,000 is being offered for information leading to an arrest and conviction in the March 2008 bombing at the Times Square military recruitment station. No one was injured in the blast which occurred seconds after people walked past. Officials said the explosion may be connected to earlier unsolved bombings at the British and Mexican consulates.
Katie Cope, 17, detained shoplifter for three hours until police arrived. She had to close the shop and put down the electronic shutter. Thief became abusive towards other customers and kept trying to leave. When police finally got to the vintage clothing store, they said the stolen knickers were not worth enough to prosecute.
Turkish court imposed the blocks because images of the siege were being shared on social media. Mehmet Selim Kiraz died in hospital when members of the Revolutionary People's Liberation Party-Front stormed a courthouse and took him hostage. Two of his captors were killed when security forces took back the building where the far-left group was holding him. Mr Kiraz, a father-of-two married to a judge who also worked at the courthouse, was targeted for his part in an investigation into the death of Berkin Elvan.
Tyler Grant, a junior at the University of Texas prefers to be referred to by neutral plural pronouns such as 'they,' 'them', or 'their' Instead of 'he,' or'she,' or sometimes wears women's clothing. Video footage posted to Twitter from early on Sunday morning shows a restaurant manager telling Grant and a friend not to enter the fast food restaurant because Grant was dressed in 'inappropriate attire' Austin, Texas has a non-discrimination ordinance that bars establishment from denying service to someone based on their sexuality.
Celebrity chef will present Simply Nigella on BBC 2 later this year. Show will focus on 'a new pared-down approach to cooking and eating' Comes three years after she appeared on U.S. channel Taste with Nigellissima.
Rescuers forced to abandon efforts to save 149 melon-headed whales. Only three of the creatures had been returned to the sea, officials said. The rest of the creatures were either dead or dying on the Japanese beach.
Kent Sprouse, 42, was sent to death row for a 2002 shootout at a Ferris, Texas, convenience store that killed police Officer Harry Steinfeldt III and customer Pedro Moreno. Sprouse is expected to be executed about 6 pm Thursday in Huntsville, more than 150 miles southeast of Dallas, by lethal injection. Medical tests showed Sprouse, a Boone County, Missouri, native, had taken illegal drugs within the previous 48 hours.
Lord Stevens to be investigated over allegations of a cover-up of police corruption. The former Met Police chief is accused of failing to hand over key information to the Macpherson Inquiry regarding the black teenager's race hate killing. Watchdog probe stems from a complaint from Stephen's father Neville Lawrence.
Wigry National Park, in north-east Poland, is the furthest outreach of the Masurian Lakes. The area is unspoiled, but it is also exceedingly well set-up for outdoor pursuits.
Leonie Granger, 25, lured Mehmet Hassan, 56, to his death in March last year. The honeytrap killer used her good looks to befriend the poker player. But after going back to his flat she made her excuses and left the door unlocked so her boyfriend and a second thug could get inside. They tied up the father of three and kicked him to death as they ransacked his home to find his hidden winnings. Granger wept as an Old Bailey jury cleared her of murder but found her guilty of the manslaughter of Mr Hassan.
Known as 'Ogle-2014-BLG-0124Lb,' the gas giant was detected by the Spitzer Space Telescope and the Ogle Warsaw Telescope in Chile. The planet is half as massive as Jupiter and could help astronomers gain a better understanding of the distribution of planets in the Milky Way. Most of the planets we know about are around 10-100 times closer.
Housebreakings in Edinburgh have soared by nearly 40 per cent in a year. Police Scotland's Edinburgh division posted pictures of Lego figures on Facebook. Figures arranged into scenes with robbers and officers to provide safety tips. But victims branded the move as 'insensitive' and 'a joke'
Paul Bakewell, 35, proposed to partner Tara Barber, 32, by asking her to marry him using a giant billboard on the A34, in Walsall, West Mids. He secretly designed a poster which he then had emblazoned on the 20ft-tall advertising hoarding and covered over. The billboard featured pictures of the couple and the words: 'Tara you've changed my life. Will you marry me?'
The Australian Charities and Not-for-profits Commission made the announcement about Get Rid of Sids Project on Wednesday. The not-for-profit organisation is run by Brisbane anti-vaccination campaigner Stephanie Messenger. Earlier this year, it invited US anti-vaccination campaigner Sherri Tenpenny to speak at a number of seminars across Australia. Dr Tenpenny had to cancel her remaining talks due to consistent threats of violence from 'anti-free-speech terrorists'
Francis Pusok, 30, was seen riding the horse through desert on Thursday. Officers tried to serve an identity-theft warrant on him in San Bernardino. He abandoned the car and stole the horse before galloping through rugged terrain. Two deputies caught up with him and stun him with a Taser. He falls to the ground and they kick him between the legs. By the end of the two minutes, eight deputies were surrounding and beating him.
Four-bedroom property in central London's Farm Street has all the trappings of modern luxury. Originally used as a milking parlour, it became a depot before being knocked down in the 19th Century. In 2011 developers took over the site and demolished the house to make way for the plush mansion which now sits in its place.
Phylise Davis-Bowens, 42, attended Bethune-Cookman University in Daytona Beach, Florida, for their 'transformative leadership' program. The substitute public school teacher said she was discriminated against because of her weight and missed out on part of the academic experience. Mrs Davis-Bowens lost her sister at the age of 37 to a gastric bypass because she was obese and felt under pressure to quickly lose weight.
Just over a quarter of women giving birth in England now have a caesarean. Planned caesarean costs the NHS an average of £2,369, compared to a natural birth at £1,665.
The man was spearfishing off Jupiter Inlet when he was bitten. He was airlifted to St Mary's Medical Center's trauma unit.
The 18-year-old started courting 17-year-old Marjorie Jackson on April 6 - the same day his sister Jill gave birth to her son Israel David.
Tristram Hunt was visiting primary school in Derby as part of election campaign. Asked year six pupil who he would vote for in next month's election. Child replied: 'To get all the foreigners out the country' Labour MP admits he was taken aback by the year six pupil's statement. But the boy's mother has told MailOnline she is 'embarrassed' by the exchange. She said: 'I do personally support an Australian points system'
Jack Black the friendly jackdaw has become so well-loved in Penryn, Cornwall, that one fan has set up a Facebook page for him. The page has more than 450 members who share their pictures, videos and stories about Jack and keep up to date with his daily activities. He was hand-reared by a vet as a chick after being discovered with no feathers, before being released into the wild.
The Aerodrome Manual was published on the Ministry of Defence's website. The document details the RAF base on the Falklands Islands. Argentine intelligence agents could have downloaded it to prepare a mission. MoD deny the information was particularly sensitive and say the link has been disabled. Argentina is considering leasing 12 Russian long-range bombers to attack the islands.
The 24-year-old, better known as Stephen James, is one of the most in-demand models in the industry. He has lucrative contracts with Calvin Klein and Diesel under his belt. This week he has landed Down Under to start work on a new campaign with Windsor Smith shoes. The news of his arrival was met with much excitement and hysteria from his Australian fans.
Chris Copeland, 31, and his wife, Katrine Saltare, 28, were talking in the street just before 4am on Wednesday when a man interrupted them. Copeland 'told the man to back off and he pulled out a knife and stabbed them both' Saltare was stabbed in the breast, buttocks and arm, while Copeland suffered a knife wound to his elbow. Copeland and his wife are in stable condition at Bellevue Hospital. Pero Antic, who plays for the Atlanta Hawks, and Thabo Sefolosha, who plays for the Atlanta Hawks, were arrested at the scene.
Xiao Gao, from Fujian Province in south east China, has not said a word in five days. Medical experts are at a loss to explain his sudden inability to talk. They say the combination of water, perfume and dust - while nasty - should not have caused that type of damage. Gao, who is in Year Two at Haidu Number 8 Middle School, is now awaiting further medical examination and an appointment with a psychologist.
Ashley Dodds, 29, visited the Red Hot World Buffet in Manchester. She ordered a non-alcoholic Sweet Kiss'mocktail' for her daughter, Dennon. When she came back she found her daughter had actually been drinking an alcoholic version. Restaurant bosses blamed the incident on Ms Dodds for leaving her daughter alone while she went for a cigarette.
Footage shows best friends Carmarie and Kanya sat buckled into the device at the Indy Speedway park on Panama City Beach, Florida, over the weekend. At the start they seem pretty calm but when the carriage tilts back and fires 300ft-high panic sets in they let out manic screams with horrified facial expressions to match.
Robert Cusanelli of Boston's WHDH-TV was told he was not allowed to drive a vehicle for the 'purpose of reporting this case' Two jurors told the court they were followed by a van as they tried to get into their cars on Wednesday. The station was told to 'investigate' the matter before reporting back to the court.
Captain of flight AI611 claims a co-pilot misbehaved and struck him. The plane was being prepared for a 50-minute journey from Delhi to Jaipur. Air India insists the altercation was limited to a verbal argument. Indian aviation officials launch an investigation into the incident.
In 84 days from November 2013 to January 2014, the area around Azle, Texas, shook with 27 magnitude two or greater earthquakes. Scientists believe these earthquakes were the result of high-pressure injection of drilling wastewater into the ground. The oil and gas industry uses injection wells to get rid of wastewater, which can have chemicals, heavy metals, salt and radioactive material.
Shakespeare described Richard III as a 'poisonous bunch-back'd toad' in his play. Research on the king's skeleton discovered under a car park in Leicester revealed that this may have been an exaggeration of a spine deformity known as scoliosis. Now a new academic paper claims that even this condition, which caused one of his shoulders to be slightly higher than the other, was probably not known about until after his death. Dr Mary Ann Lund said tailoring and specially fitted armour probably helped to disguise the curve in his spine.
Wendy Goyer claimed her'small but charming view' would be obstructed if Kirk Pingelly and his wife Layne Beachley's addition was built. Warringah council approved plans for additions to their home back in August 2013 despite an assessment revealing Ms Goyer's views would be 'destroyed' The couple argued Ms Goyer's views are 'at best only a glimpse' from her bedroom.
Top judge says surrogacy laws need to be overhauled to prevent cases of child abandonment. Justice Diana Bryant believes commercial surrogacy is banned in Australia. She said hopeful parents are forced to enter into unlawful arrangements overseas. This week an Australian couple were slammed after they left a baby boy born to their Indian surrogate with his mother after she unexpectedly gave birth to twins.
Bitglass created an excel spreadsheet of 1,568 fake employee credentials. It then placed them on anonymous file sharing sites within the Dark Web. By day 12, the file had received over 1,080 clicks to 22 countries. The data was viewed more than 1,000 times and downloaded 47 times. Some activity had connections to crime syndicates in Nigeria and Russia.
Amelia-Jane Harris, 20, used to weigh 27st 10lbs and was bullied at school. At her largest, she dreamed of pulling off skimpy outfits. But she developed Crohn's disease and lost 18st in 20 months to be a size 6. Crohn's disease means she is in constant pain and can't eat or drink food. Says her 'dream body' is a nightmare as she cannot eat and vomits daily.
Almost half of Britons believe Camilla should be Queen Consort when Charles accedes to the throne. But 35 per cent believe she should be given a lesser title out of respect to Diana. Almost two fifths think the Queen is happy with Camilla's performance as the Duchess of Cornwall.
Kyle Iveson, 24, held up a shop in Clitheroe, Lancashire, with a knife. He threatened Karen Brown, 54, the mother of his ex-girlfriend. She was working behind the till and immediately recognised him. Iveson escaped with £650 but was arrested shortly afterwards. He has been jailed for three years after pleading guilty to robbery.
Bill Clinton made the comment while on a visit to Oklahoma City on Sunday. He was speaking at a ceremony marking the 20th anniversary of the car bombing that killed 168 people at the Alfred P Murrah federal building. Hillary Clinton kicked off her campaign last week in Iowa and will move on to New Hampshire on Monday.
The former child star turned Real Housewife discusses her demons in an emotional interview with Dr. Phil set to air April 28. Among the topics the 50-year-old is slated to discuss is her longtime struggle with alcoholism.
Sarah Stage, a 30-year-old underwear model and animal rights activist from Los Angeles, is expecting her first child with husband Alex Rodriguez next month.
Elad Hershkowitz, a zookeeper at the Zoological Center in Tel Aviv, filmed animals drinking on a GoPro camera. He placed the camera in the animals' water troughs and filmed them for a total of 30 hours. The animals range from a rhino who almost kisses the surface of the water to a lemur who delicately licks it.
John Pat Cunningham, 27, was shot by the Army in a field in County Armagh. A 73-year-old suspect has now been detained in England. He is being taken to Northern Ireland for questioning. Case was recently re-opened by the Police Service of Northern Ireland.
Betty Johnson, 86, was a Kansas City Chiefs season ticket holder since 1986. A devoted fan, she was known as 'grandma' by several current players. Johnson lost her North Kansas City home in order to pay for her Chiefs season tickets. Chiefs Hall of Famer Nick Lowery visited her on Thursday and shortly after the visit, she passed away.
Tonya Stack, wife of Lt Gov Mike Stack, allegedly made obscene gesture. State representative Kevin Boyle said she then threw a cup of cola at him. Boyle and Mike Stack are at the center of a political row over state senate seat.
Chen Yuntao, 38, is dressing up as a horse and begging people to ride him. He is trying to raise money for his son Minghao's cancer treatment. The nine-year-old has been in and out of hospital for treatment since 2011. The next course of his treatment will cost up to 500,000 yuan (£43,600 to £54,600) Mr Chen said he came up with the idea after seeing children pay to be taken on a ride.
Controversial UK commentator Katie Hopkins has written that Australia's approach of having 'balls of steel and tiny hearts' should be followed as policy by the Brits. 'They threaten them with violence until they bugger off, throwing cans of Castlemaine in an Aussie version of sharia stoning,' she wrote. Her inflammatory remarks have led to an outcry on social media and tens of thousands joining a Change.org campaign to have her removed.
Timothy Fradeneck, 38, was charged Wednesday with first-degree murder and child abuse in the deaths of his wife and two children. The bodies of Christine Fradeneck, 37, Celeste Fradeneck, 2, and Timothy Fradeneck III, 8, were found Monday in their Eastpointe, Michigan home. Fradeneck told police he strangled his family to death with a USB cord.
Elmo and Dr Murthy go through the process of getting vaccinated. Explain to children (and parents) why it is so important. Comes in the wake of national debate over the right to refuse immunization.
Commuters are mourning the loss of their umbrellas on social media this morning as gale force winds destroy even the sturdiest of frames. Workers have begun posting photos of their broken umbrellas scattered in gutters and discarded in bins along with the hashtag #umbrellageddon. Pricier umbrellas sometimes come with guarantees against their frames but if damage is caused by the wind manufacturers say that does not constitute a faulty frame.
ISIS has released a list of punishments for anyone who insults God or his messenger or blasphemes against Islam. Adulterers who engage in a sexual relationship are to be stoned to death, while couples who have an affair without sexual contact can expect the more lenient punishment of 100 lashes. Homosexuality is also to be punished by 'death for the penetrator and the receiver' while thieves will have their hands severed from their arms.
Nadia, a baby elephant, was tied to a pole and forced to perform tricks at a resort in Thailand. Jaime Singleton started an online petition to have her released to a sanctuary. The petition has received 50,627 signatures since it was launched a month ago. It comes after another resort in Thailand was criticised for allowing drunken guests to ride an elephant around its swimming pool.
All 13 of Stephen Hogger's choristers at St Peter and St Paul Church, Suffolk, have now resigned. Walkout is in'solidarity' with the music director who was sacked last week. Villager claims Mr Hogger 'can come across as abrasive and rude'
Chancellor dodges questions over plans to offer more help to Britain's top earners. Refuses to rule out lowering 45p tax rate to 50 per cent for those earning over £50,000. Instead says Tories are committed to raising tax-free allowance to £12,500. Accuses Labour of 'running scared' of a debate on the economy with him.
Raffaele Sollecito pictured shopping for lingerie in Rome, Italy. Italian spent four years in prison after being found guilty of Meredith Kercher's murder. He and former lover, American Amanda Knox were both acquitted in March. Both are reportedly planning to seek compensation for time wrongly spent in prison.
The images were posted on social media under the title Leveling Graves And Erasing Pagan Symbols. The group released a statement with the images that attempted to justify the mass desecration. It said graves above the ground suggested that the dead person was closer to Allah than the living, so must be demolished.
A 4WD containing four children and an adult has crashed into a lake at Wyndham Vale, in Melbourne's outer west. Police confirmed three of the four children have died. The fourth child was flown by air ambulance to the Royal Children's Hospital and remains in a serious condition. The driver was transported via road ambulance to the Royal Melbourne Hospital and remains in a stable condition. The exact circumstances of how the car went into the lake are yet to be determined.
Richard Sherman shared a photo of him and his girlfriend Ashley Moss with their son Rayden on Instagram. Rayden was born on February 5, just a few days after Sherman and the Seattle Seahawks lost the Super Bowl to the New England Patriots. In the most recent photo, which he posted to Instagram on Thursday, Sherman and Moss are seen cradling the newborn.
Parenting blogger Emily-Jane Clark has compiled a list of ways visitors can avoid annoying a new mother. They include bringing gifts for the mum and coming armed with chocolate and coffee.
Jafar Adeli was snared by a paedophile vigilante group called Letzgo Hunting. The 32-year-old arranged to meet a girl he believed to be a 14-year-old girl. Police were waiting to arrest him when he turned up at a bus station. The video of his arrest has been posted on Facebook and viewed 10,000 times. Yesterday Adeli was jailed for 27 months at Leicester Crown Court.
The unusual boutique has opened on a fashionable west London high street. It caters to the needs of well-heeled clientele who want to restore their bags to their former glory. Famous clients who have indulged in the luxury treatment include Imogen Thomas and Made in Chelsea stars Sophie Hermann and Stephanie Pratt.
Jon Czerniecki set up trail cameras to spot deer on his grandparents' farm. When he checked the nine hours of footage, he stumbled upon the upsetting spectacle. The vision shows the two canines ganging up on the injured marsupial as it lies on its back. Mr Czerniecki has contacted the local council and Parks Victoria in hopes of notifying the owners of the dogs.
Airline Visual Identity 1945-1975 was published by Berlin-based Callisto Publishers. It revisits a time when the skies were dominated by the likes of Pan Am, British Overseas Airways Corp and Continental. The 436-page book contains dozens of glamorous adverts that encouraged those who could afford to fly.
The tiny copper coin, which is smaller than a penny, dates from the Iron Age almost 2,300 years ago. It was found in silt after the River Avon burst its banks between Bristol and Bath. On one side is a horse’s head, while the other bears the image of the goddess Tanit, the chief deity of Carthage. Experts have dated the coin to between 300 BC and 264 BC and say it came from the Western Mediterranean - probably Sardinia or ancient Carthage.
Dawn Bainbridge led a 'family business' stealing clothes from high street stores. The 47-year-old and her two daughters made almost £50,000 in four months. They sold the stolen goods online and even had a debters' book written. Bainbridge was jailed for 30 months, daughter Claire for 20 months and Caitlyn for 16 months at Newcastle Crown Court last year. Now they have been ordered to pay back just £1 each under Proceeds of Crime Act. None of the women have any assets that can be seized or sold.
Joanne Bolton was stabbed more than 14 times in a 'brutal and merciless' attack. The 35-year-old was held captive in her own home for seven hours. She begged boyfriend Steven Young to put her to bed so she didn't die. Young was jailed for 18 years by a judge at Newcastle Crown Court.
The 18-year-old model is the face of Topshop denim. Fellow model Bella Hadid, 18, also appears in the May issue of Elle magazine.
Sharon Edwards, 55, was last seen on March 14 in Grafton, NSW. Her car was left parked in her driveway and her clothes were thrown in the washing basket. Her son, Eli Edwards, told Daily Mail Australia his family was struggling to come to terms with his mother's disappearance. He said regardless of how it happens, he wants his mum brought home.
Researchers from Manchester University working with drug development company Evgen Pharma have developed a new combination of drugs. They are testing the drug Sulforadex in the most common type of breast cancer, affecting 70 per cent of patients. Cancer that has spread and is incurable, known as secondary breast cancer, kills 1,000 women in Britain every month.
Many said their children were not mature enough to learn life-saving skill. And 65 per cent said their children did not know difference between 999 and 911. Survey of 757 parents was carried out by Mumsnet, the UK’s largest internet community for parents.
Swedish and British researchers looked at 1,090 breast cancer patients. More than 500 women who had been treated with the drug tamoxifen. Tamoxifen is the main hormonal therapy drug given to women who have not been through the menopause. Researchers found those who drank two cups of coffee a day had smaller tumours and a lower proportion of hormone-dependent tumours.
11 extra seats will be added to each row of the Airbus A380 from 2017. The new configuration will be introduced in response to demand. There will also be a new Choice Economy class for budget fliers.
Jason Warnock, 29, was driving Wednesday morning in Lewiston, Idaho when he saw debris in the road and looked up to see a vehicle crash into a chain-link fence on the edge of a cliff. He then parked his car, ran up a pedestrian footbridge and pulled driver Matthew Sitko, 23, out to safety. Since he didn't stop to give police his name, Warnock remained a mystery for nearly 24 hours as the photo of the amazing rescue went viral online. Warnock has since come forward to identify himself and speak more about the incident which he wants no credit for.
Two Brazil nuts provide 100 per cent of our daily required dose of 75 micrograms of selenium. Almonds are also rich in vitamin E, which helps improve the condition and appearance of your skin. Walnuts have been shown to help protect against heart disease.
Andaz Liverpool Street is located on the site of England’s first hospital for the mentally ill - the Bethlehem Royal Hospital. The Victorian building that houses it is built on the site of England’s first hospital for the mentally ill - the Bethlehem Royal Hospital, which opened in 1247. The Andaz Liverpool Street has 267 rooms - four of which have been decorated by trendy artists.
Michael made a 911 call on Thursday claiming his wife had struck him after coming home inebriated. When police arrived, Kate was visibly intoxicated and had slurred speech and blood shot eyes. She was taken to the Palm Beach Country Jail and charged for battery.
Christianne Boudreau of Calgary, Canada lost her son Damien Clairmont last year when he was killed fighting for ISIS in Syria. Ms Boudreau believes ISIS manipulated her son into wanting to join their jihad by appealing to his protective nature.
Tykeran Hamilton, 25, borrowed a BMW 3 Series and drove it around Gloucester. Spotted a friend waiting for a bus, leaned out of the window and shouted 'watch this' He sped down the road and overtook cars'recklessly' before hitting Alan Knight, 64. Mr Knight, a father-of-four and grandfather-of-14, died instantly from his injuries. Hamilton was jailed for 11 years for causing death by dangerous driving.
Eve Addison, now 24, developed a strange swelling in her collarbone. assumed she must have an allergy. But when switching brands failed, she developed night sweats and a rash. Tests revealed she was suffering Hodgkin Lymphoma - cancer of the lymphatic system. She endured six months of chemotherapy to rid herself of the disease.
Wylie Brys, 5, and his dad, Tim Brys, were digging for fossils near a grocery store when Wylie found the dinosaur bones. It's believed the bones belong to a nodosaur, a pony-sized herbivore with scaly, plated skin.
Betty Willis, credited with designing the 'Welcome to Fabulous Las Vegas' sign, died in her Overton, Nevada, home on Sunday. Willis also designed neon signs for the Moulin Rouge casino and Blue Angel motel in Las Vegas.
Labour leader said independence poll 'ain't going to happen' even if he becomes Prime Minister with the support of SNP MPs next month. Comes as John Major warned that the SNP was'merely waiting for a good excuse to put separation back on the agenda' Former foreign secretary William Hague said SNP could be 'calling the tune' if Ed Miliband became PM on the back of SNP support.
Catherine Gerhardt uses her experiences to educate other adults and children on how to deal with online 'flamers' She teaches the children to follow ICE: Ignore, Communicate and Exit in order to deter bullies. An internet troll often trawls through social media, hunting for victims, while a 'flamer' waits for the victim to contact them and unleashes a hateful response. Ms Gerhardt believes that internet bullies are seeking a reaction from as many people as possible.
Road is being built along the side of a mountain in Pingjiang County, south eastern China, with no ropes or safety equipment. The county is well-known for its mountains, with the Mufu Mountain range sweeping through most of Pingjiang. Officials have tried to capitalise on this popularity by building a series of mountain roads and glass walkways.
Rony John, 15, died after jumping into the River Great Ouse in Cambridgeshire. The teenager was unable to swim and friends desperately tried to save him. Inquest heard he was swept away by current and could not be saved. Coroner said she would write to Government chiefs to ask why swimming is not included in secondary school education.
Lidia Quilligana was arrested in Danbury, Connecticut last month after police viewed a video that allegedly showed her choking and beating a 3-year-old girl. This after the girl's family set up a nanny cam thinking that something was happening to the girl. Quilligana is charged with first degree assault of a child under 10 years old and criminal mischief. Her bail has been set at $1million.
Six-month-old Andrea was killed by her father, Meyrick Fowler, in 1999. He threw her so violently she suffered brain damage and four skull fractures. Her body was returned to her mother Kezzia French, 46, fully-clothed. A funeral was held shortly after the tragic death in April 1999. But Ms French only found out more than a decade later that police had in fact removed virtually all her vital organs. Her liver, spine, bowel, lungs, kidneys, heart, spleen, thymus, stomach, pancreas, trachea and skull fragments had all been retained without her consent
Sienna Miller is to star in an advert for Austrian water brand Vslauer. The production company is looking for a female body double for the campaign. The wannabes must have the same body measurements as the Hollywood actress. They must also be able to do yoga moves like the side crow and scorpion.
'Reenactment MfS' - the Ministry for State Security - used the pictures as evidence in show trials against those they caught. They were also thought to have been used for training purposes for border guards and trainee agents.
Many are buying used cars unaware that the old paper documents are now automatically cancelled when a vehicle changes hands. Critics allege that the DVLA has been operating a'money-making scam' Many say the authority was too quick to penalise motorists without first warning that their car was not taxed.
Former Missouri Auditor Tom Schweich shot himself in the head at his home in St Louis on February 26. Newly released police reports show Schweich felt so abandoned by GOP supporters that he told an aide on February 26, that he would have to either 'run as an independent or he needed to kill himself' Police found no evidence that Schweich was involved in a scandal or extramarital affairs. Governor Jay Nixon on Tuesday announced plans to appoint fellow Democrat and county treasurer Nicole Galloway as Schweich's replacement.
Almost a quarter of Brits prefer their pet dog to their in-laws. More than one in 10 British families now live in 'blended' families. Over a third said that their family’s happiness was their top priority.
Pictures released by French Defence Audio-visual Communication and Production Unit. Taken during an airborne operation at the 'Salvador Pass' at the border between Libya and Niger. Shots show part of the anti-jihadist operation in the Sahel – the desert region which stretches across North Africa.
Arizona is leading the way with plans to create artificial rain clouds by flying planes over the Rockies and seeding the sky with silver iodide. They hope the technology will allow them to mitigate some of the worst impacts of climate change – but not everyone is convinced. The process of cloud seeding was first proposed in the 1940s at the General Electric labs in Schenectady, New York.
Four Vincenti sisters were removed from their mother's Sunshine Coast home in the middle of the night and forced back to their father in Italy in 2012. The dramatic scenes caused widespread outcry in Australia. The girls' mother, Laura Garrett, had taken them from their father in Italy on a 'vacation' and never returned, claiming the girls' father Tomaso was an abuser. Now aged twelve to 17, the girls seem settled and leading good lives with their Italian Dad.
The all-gender restroom has opened in the Eisenhower Executive Office Building. It is the first of its kind at the White House and fits in with the administration’s stance on LGBT issues. On Wednesday Obama’s Executive Order on LGBT Workplace Discrimination went into effect.
Hotel industry insider turned author Jacob Tomsky shares his tales from working in two top hotels in New Orleans and New York City. Despite common misconceptions, you can get away with stealing that coveted hotel room robe. The minibar is the most fallible system in the hotel, full of items'sold at an absurd mark-up'
Dale Forrest, 26, would drink up to 12 pints a night on nights out. He also ate a cheese and sausage bap for breakfast, a Big Daddy Box Meal for lunch and a meat feast pizza for dinner. He was worried he would look like a 'beached whale' next to friends on holiday. After seeing a photo of himself on Facebook, he decided to change. He gave up booze, fatty readymeals and went to the gym regularly. By February 2014 he had lost an impressive 3st 7lb.
Robert Tomanovich, who owns Robert's Discount Tree Service in Livonia, Michigan, first hung a noose from a tree and a Confederate flag at his home. When neighbours complained, a second noose appeared on a tree outside his tree-cutting business which operates at a second property on the same street. Tomanovich, 55, has denied his actions are racist, although an employee has admitted that the second noose was a deliberate move to antagonise locals.
Scientists at Brandeis University in Massachusetts believe the process of converting short-term memory to long-term ones is best carried out when a person is asleep. They focused their research on dorsal paired medial neurons, well-known memory consolidators in fruit flies. When the neurons are activated, the flies sleep more, but when they are deactivated, the flies keep buzzing. Understanding how sleep and memory are connected in a simple system, like fruit flies, can help scientists unravel the secrets of the human brain.
Fulton County Superior Court Judge Jerry Baxter had delayed sentencing by a day and encouraged all to negotiate deals with prosecutors. He gave a former teacher a 7 p.m. to 7 a.m. curfew at home for one year and a former testing coordinator six months of weekends spent in jail. In 2013, 35 educators were indicted on charges including racketeering, making false statements and theft. Evidence of cheating was found in 44 schools with nearly 180 educators involved, and teachers who tried to report it were threatened with retaliation.
Tavon Watson, 24, was doing 100mph at the Exotic Driving Experience at Walt Disney World in Orlando when he slammed the $220,000 Lamborghini on the passenger side into a guardrail. Florida Highway Patrol Sgt Kim Montes revealed Tuesday that the guardrail damaged the Italian car on the east side of the passenger door. Watson doesn't face any traffic charges since the accident took place on a closed track, and there are no indications he was doing anything criminal. Gary Terry, 35, was the operations manager at the Richard Petty Driving Experience at Walt Disney World.
Michelle Heale of Tom's River, New Jersey is currently on trial for murder in the death of 14-month-old Mason Hess. She claims she was burping Mason when he began choking on his applesauce, but when she pulled him off her shoulder his neck snapped backwards. The mother of twins, who were in the next room when the incident happened and then just three years old, was charged with murder and endangering the welfare of a child. Medical examiners determined that Mason died as a result of homicide caused by blunt cerebral trauma.
Mouth ulcers may seem like a minor ailment but can be incredibly distressing. The pain can severely impact on quality of life, as eating and drinking are significantly affected. As many as 20 per cent of people suffer with occasional single mouth ulcers.
David Cameron, Nick Clegg, Ed Miliband and Nigel Farage form boyband. The video, complete with dry ice, glittering podiums and obligatory key change. The song, Change The Tune, features comedians playing the four party leaders.
Support for Ukip has halved in two seats and by more than a third in others. Nigel Farage is on course to lose his own Parliamentary election battle in Ukip's heartland in Kent. Ukip leader has seen his support in Thanet South collapse from 12 point lead.
Iranian officials made the decision following claims two of its citizens were abused while returning from an off-season pilgrimage at Jeddah airport in March. The announcement comes amid escalating tensions between the two regional powers, particularly over Saudi-led airstrikes in Yemen.
There are thousands of apps on the market but how do you know which ones are the best? Femail has picked the ten best to help you out when it comes to planning your meals. From apps which tell you where to get free cocktails to ones that show you how to make the most of leftovers, these apps will help you out a lot.
James and Hope Ben Canaan left Gloriavale Christian Community last month. They declared they were living in a 'false system' and moved to Timaru. Relatives say the family are adapting well to life outside the commune. Gloriavale is a Christian community of around 500 people who follow a literal interpretation of the New Testament and reject the outside world. Neville Cooper - now known as Hopeful Christian - founded the commune after clashing with church leaders in New Zealand and Australia.
Annegret Raunigk, 65, from Spandau, Berlin, is set to become the world's oldest woman to give birth to quads. All her 13 children, ranging from Leila to a daughter of 44, were sired by five different fathers.
'I think John Kerry tried to come back and sell a bill of goods, hoping maybe that the Iranians wouldn’t say much about it,' the Republican lawmaker told radio host Hugh Hewitt. McCain, responding to the supreme leader of Iran's proclamation yesterday that there would be no formal pact unless sanctions relief is 'instant,' said he had'sympathy' for Iranian Ayatollah Ali Khamenei. Obama's spokesman Josh Earnest in turn said it was 'nave and reckless' for McCain 'to believe every word of the Supreme Leader's political speech'
Rajul Patel, 35, targeted wealthy victims as they worked out at Virgin Active gyms. He obtained memberships using the stolen driving licence of a gym-going doctor. In one spree, Patel stole a man's platinum wedding ring, first-year anniversary ring, and a 40th birthday bracelet. He was finally stopped when another gym member spotted him returning to the changing room lockers just five minutes after beginning his workout.
Hannah Moore, 20, from West Lothian, posted images of her stretchmarks. She gave birth to twin girls Lily and Grace with fiance David Johnstone, 22. Mother-of-two claims her account was deleted 'within two minutes' She said: 'It has just taken my confidence away'
Andrew Robb said he would force himself to sneeze by looking at the sun - which causes him to sneeze - because it would give him a 'hit of endorphins' He also revealed he listened to jazz and classical music to help with his mood, but it was medication that'really did the trick' Mr Robb stood down from parliament in 2009 due to his battle with depression.
Rebecca Calder, 24, used victims' bank cards to withdraw large amounts of cash. At her peak she was draining up to £300 a day from their accounts. Victims' family saw money coming from their accounts so set up a camera. Calder posted regular partying pictures of Facebook not knowing family. She was jailed for 12 months after she pleaded guilty to nine counts of theft.
The Pentagon announced Tuesday plans to exhume and try to identify the remains of nearly 400 sailors and Marines killed when the USS Oklahoma sank in Pearl Harbor. Altogether, 429 sailors and Marines onboard were killed. Only 35 were identified in the years immediately after. Hundreds were buried as unknowns at Honolulu's National Memorial Cemetery of the Pacific. In 1950, they were reburied as unknowns at the Punchbowl - also known as the Punchbowl - inside a volcanic crater in Honolulu. The move is apparently a part of a new Pentagon policy on disinterring the remains of unknown troops.
Tavon Watson, 24, was taking racing advice from instructor Gary Terry, 36, when he lost control of the Italian supercar. Terry died at the scene while Watson was rushed to Celebration Hospital near Lake Buene Vista for treatment where he was later declared stable. The day out at the track was a present from Watson's wife and he posted a picture of himself next to a red Ferrari on the tarmac just hours before the fatal collision.
PC Ronnie Lungu has won a race discrimination case against Wiltshire Police. The 40-year-old was passed over for promotion in favour of white colleagues. Tribunal ruled that he was unlawfully discriminated against on grounds of race. Mr Lungu said he was left 'upset' and 'angry' after being penalised. Force said it was 'concerned' by the findings and would 'learn lessons'
Liam Marshall-Ascough is standing to be an MP in Stoke-on-Trent central. He is pictured on the open profile of his Facebook page appearing to lick a female friend's breasts. Underneath the picture a friend commented 'drunko' Mr Marshall-Ascough has insisted the pictures show him out having fun with close friends 'like a normal person' and do not undermine his ability to do the job.
Margaret Gretton, 46, has been barred from teaching indefinitely. She referred to job applicant as a member of the terror group. Also mocked special needs pupils by calling them 'cuckoo' and'monkeys' Disciplinary panel said she showed no remorse for 'deliberate' and'repeated' actions.
The former New England Patriots football player, 25, has pleaded not guilty to murder and firearms charges in the death of Odin Lloyd. If convicted, Hernandez faces a maximum penalty of life in prison. Prosecutors say Hernandez picked up Lloyd at his Boston home before dawn on June 17, 2013, and drove him to an industrial park near Hernandez's house in North Attleboro, Massachusetts. Surveillance video at Hernandez's home minutes after the shooting showed him holding a black item that appeared to be a gun. A joint found near Lloyd's body had Hernandez's and Lloyd's DNA on it.
Future of zero-hours deals has become key issue in the election battle. Labour has pledged to ban exploitative zero-hours contracts. Iain Duncan Smith today suggested they should be renamed 'flexible hours' Aides to the Work and Pensions Secretary say job satisfaction is high.
Fox News Sunday anchor Chris Wallace, 67, made 'offensive' remarks on Friday. Said singer, who gave birth in June 2014, 'could stay off deep dish pizza for a while' Wallace's comments came during nationally-syndicated radio interview. Greta Van Susteren, 60, almost immediately took to blog to chastise her colleague. 'This "guy snickering" about her weight is obnoxious,' she wrote. Hours later, Wallace issued apology in statement obtained by DailyMail.com.
Geelong man Trevor Vale made the video while driving from Darwin to Melbourne in a bid to encourage Australians to attend an Anzac Day service. He became frustrated at the lack of interest from Australians in paying respect to the Anzacs. Mr Vale's wife fought as a soldier in Timor and Afghanistan. The video has been viewed over 800,000 times on his Facebook page.
The Vatican are training up ordinary doctors, teachers and psychologists to cope with a rising tide of demonic possessions. Experts say demonic activity is on the rise due to an interest in the occult among the young. In 2013 Pope Francis appeared to perform an exorcism on a young man in a wheelchair.
NYPD families were joined by Mayor Bill de Blasio at a time when his relationship with the police department is again coming under scrutiny. Widow of American Sniper Chris Kyle pitched in for the San Diego Padres. New England Patriots quarterback Tom Brady also threw a first pitch, at Fenway Park in Boston.
Yaphet Kotto said the role was created by Ian Fleming for a white actor. Kotto starred as Dr Kananga in the 1973 Bond installment Live And Let Die. He said: 'Political correctness be damned, we have to stay with what is literally correct'
Max Muggeridge, 19, from the Gold Coast caught a four metre tiger shark. He was camping on the Tweed coast just across the NSW border. The teen spent three hours trying to bring the beast to shore. The catch is one of the largest tiger sharks ever caught off a beach.
Visitors at Cleveland Metroparks Zoo in Ohio heard a scream as the toddler tumbled into the pit at 3pm on Saturday. His parents jumped in and pulled him to safety before paramedics arrived to treat the boy for a leg injury. Though the felines appeared to avoid the child, Dr Christopher Kuhar, executive director at the zoo, said there is a strong chance charges will be pressed.
As in previous years, the 16th edition of Coachella has attracted large crowds as festival goers danced around in the sun. This year's lineup includes rapper Drake, Florence and the Machine, FKA Twigs, David Guetta, The Weeknd, Kasabian, alt-J and Toro y Moi.
Sexy dancers hired by the deceased's wife as a final gift to her husband. Taichung Funeral Home in Taipei, Taiwan was turned into a gentleman's club. The exotic dancers gyrated around the coffin to Maroon 5's Moves Like Jagger.
The Aga Khan's wife, Princess Salwa, has given birth to a son. The child, Prince Irfan, was born in Geneva last Saturday. Both mother and child are said to be doing well, according to the Aga Khan.
Whitney Fetters'sent the boy sexually suggestive text messages and pictures, including videos of themselves performing sex acts and explicit Snapchat messages' She 'planned to invite him over to her house so they could get high and have sex' She turned herself into police in February after other students told teachers about the pictures but she was released after posting $10,000 bail. On Wednesday, she was charged with soliciting sex with a minor and possession of marijuana.
Leeds-based Direct Line is running a competition called #EverydayFix. They asked groups to design products to deal with common problems. These include forgetting to lock the door, which one company hopes to solve with their Forget Me Lock prototype. Another group designed Nipper - the world’s smallest mobile phone charger. Whichever tweet has the most retweets, with the #EverydayFix hashtag, by 23 April will go into a Kickstarter fundraising campaign and ultimately into development.
The 22-year-old is teaming up with the Flatiron School in New York to offer 20 girls between the ages of 13 and 18 free tuition for a two-week software engineering course. Karlie is donating $20,000 of her own money for the classes, which cost $2,000 per student, while the Flatiron school has offered to match her contribution.
Bec and Bridge unveiled their highly anticipated new swimwear line on the catwalk at Mercedes-Benz Fashion Week Australia on Monday. Following a preview lunch on Sunday, attendees at the Carriageworks in Sydney were treated to a parade of models in skimpy bikinis and one-piece suits. Animal prints and metallics feature heavily in the collection.
Jessica Mejia was killed when her ex-boyfriend, Nicholas Sord, lost control of the car they were traveling in and smashed into a pole in 2009. Mejia's family filed a lawsuit against the sheriff's office for taking the photos and the trial is scheduled to begin next week. They claim the photos left them feeling violated and that the deputies intentionally caused emotional distress to the victim's family. But the sheriff's office insisted that the photos were taken to gather evidence that helped convict Sord.
More than 140 pupils have been removed from their classes in Washington. They could not prove they had had the required vaccinations for measles. Officials are concerned about the spread of the virus in America. They are calling for more people to be vaccinated to prevent a pandemic. Around 100 people have been diagnosed with the virus across 15 states.
Moira Gemmill, 55, was cycling to work at St James's Palace yesterday. She collided with a tipper lorry near Lambeth Bridge in Westminster. The leading art and design figure had recently been chosen to oversee a programme of renovations at Windsor Castle. She had recently left her position as director of design at the V&A. Her brother Andrew described her as an 'extraordinary' woman who lived a'modest life'
Deputy Prime Minister heckled over broken tuition fees pledge today. He was campaigning in Surbiton, south-west London, today. Lib Dem leader launched a furious attack on the 'ideological' cuts by Tories. He said: 'Osborne is a very dangerous man with a very dangerous plan'
Rhino horn is used in traditional Chinese medicine to treat disorders of the blood. In 2007, 13 rhinos were poached and killed in South Africa. That's largely because of the entry of a new player: Vietnam.
Dustin Irons was appearing over video-link to court in Oregon when he pulled down his pants for the lewd gesture, despite being in handcuffs. Outraged judge sentenced him to an extra 30 days in jail for contempt of court.
Orthodox Easter Sunday is celebrated a week later than in the Roman Catholic and Anglican churches. In the Greek island of Chios parishioners throw homemade rockets at church towers in their traditional'mock war' Dozens of brave souls even attend the late-night services inside the churches of Aghios Markos and Panaghia Erithiani.
Tony Tancock, 56, has won accolades for specially-bred cavies at national shows. Thief snuck into outbuilding at his home in Crediton, Devon, to steal pets. He took two tortoiseshells, two black and two brown, all short-haired guinea pigs.
Sandra Shemansky, 57, was found dead at the home they shared in Winter Garden. Her son Michael Scott Shemansky failed to appear for a supervised visit with his son on the same day. He is already on parole for battery on law enforcement, has a history of bipolar mental illness, and was involuntarily committed to a psychiatric ward for an attempted suicide.
Incident happened at Fast Track Car Wash in Smyrna, Georgia. Owner jumped onto bonnet but thief was driving off at speed. Passer-by whipped out his gun and fired a shot at the thief.
Guitar Hero Live features a redesigned guitar and online music video network. It will cast players as an up-and-coming guitarist in a fictitious band. Instead of playing along with computer-generated characters, players will see a first-person view of their band mates and audiences portrayed by human actors. The game will be released in the autumn for the PlayStation 4, Xbox One, PlayStation 3, Xbox 360, Wii U and mobiles.
Nguyen Thi Hang was told to weigh her luggage at the check-in counter. The 35-year-old slapped an airport worker in the face after placing her luggage on the scales. Thi Hang was flying into the Vietnamese capital city of Hanoi.
The Queen and Princess Margaret recorded a special tape for the Queen Mother. The Queen was 64 at the time and Princess Margaret was 59 at the time. The unique recording was made for the Queen Mother's 90th birthday in 1990.
Naturalists In Paradise is the compelling story of Alfred Russel Wallace, Henry Bates and Richard Spruce. The three young Oxford graduates set off to explore the Iriri river in a remote part of the Amazon.
Kristina Schake, 45, is reportedly behind drive to get Hillary Clinton elected. Ms Schake helped to transform Michelle Obama's public image into that of an all-American 'everywoman' She has been brought on to Mrs Clinton's 2016 communications team. She will attempt to turn 67-year-old politician into a softer, more accessible one. But, Ms Schake's efforts could prove tricky in the wake of Mrs Clinton's exclusive use of a personal email address while secretary of state.
Matthew Kenney, 34, told police he smoked Flakka before he streaked though traffic early on Saturday evening while only wearing sneakers. Flakka, which can be injected, snorted, smoked, swallowed or taken with other substances, has been nicknamed '$5 insanity' for its mind-bending effects and cheap cost. Kenney has previous arrests for disorderly conduct, making a riot and possession of a controlled substance.
Anne-Louise van den Nieuwenhof was diagnosed with a rare bone and soft tissue cancer, called Ewing’s sarcoma, aged just five. Her parents were told she only had three months to live. Incredibly Anne-Louise went on to defy all the odds against her, eventually moving to Canada where she worked as a nurse and began raising her own family. She tragically died during a routine hospital check-up for her baby girl Elizabeth Kelly, near her home in Rossland, British Columbia in Canada, six days after giving birth on March 10. A fundraising page set up by her friends has raised an
Jiaro Mendez and Elias Acevedo were both found to be 'highly intoxicated' by Tulsa police following the fight. Fight broke out in parking lot of their shared apartment on April 14 around 1am. Men were arguing over which phone was better, police said. Acevedo, 21, has since been arrested and charged with assault with a deadly weapon.
Four koalas are being gifted to Singapore to mark their 50th anniversary of independence. Qantas have released photos of koalas in Business Class being served refreshments and eucalyptus leaves. The koalas will be on loan to Singapore for six months at a purpose-built enclosure in Singapore Zoo. The loan symbolises the relationship between Australia and Singapore.
Park Crescent West, near Regents Park in London, was designed by John Nash in the early 19th century. It was restored in 1960 and replaced with offices and residential accommodation. Developers PCW Property Holdings have submitted fresh plans to demolish the crescent and rebuild it as flats. But residents who live behind the site are furious at the proposals, claiming years of noise and disruption will ruin their lives.
Sales of books about the religion were three times higher in the first quarter of 2015 compared to the same time last year, according to the French National Union of Bookshops. Comes as a special magazine supplement from Philosphie which focused in the Koran also saw a spike in sales following the attacks on the French satirical magazine and a Jewish supermarket.
Over the next three years, Gravity Payments will offer at least $70,000 salary to all of its 120 employees. The policy will raise the wages for 70 of the company's workers - more than half the staff. The move comes at a time when CEO pay is 300 times the average employee pay at large companies.
Former secretary of state has hired Stephanie Hannon, a director of product management for civic innovation and social impact. She previously worked on Gmail and Google Maps, and also spent some time at Facebook. Hannon will supervise a sprawling effort to develop websites, mobile apps and other vehicles for pushing the former secretary of state's brand through the 2016 elections. Nearly 20 potential White House candidates plan for a 2016 campaign season that will rely heavily on clicks, likes, shares and other indications of a broad reach.
The annual Water Temple Fair in Jiangnan, China, sees thousands gather on boats to pray for good fortune. Locals dress up in traditional costumes, while boat races, drumming and dragon dances bring a carnival atmosphere.
The collector’s paradise in Horfield, Bristol, has gone untouched for more than 80 years. Features include the original bathroom, kitchen, stained-glass windows and even oil-fired central heating. The three-bedroom home also comes with all of the original 1930s cupboards in the kitchen, a brick open-face fire and dated kitchen sink.
Japanese artist Megumi Igarashi could face up to two years in jail if convicted of obscenity. She was first arrested in July, but was freed several days later following a legal appeal and after thousands of people signed a petition demanding her release. But Tokyo police arrested her again in December, on three counts of distributing 'obscene' data.
Scammers are using the NSW State Emergency Service (SES) Facebook page to con people out of money. The public have been alerted to the heartless scheme via an important notice issued on the NSW SES Facebook page. NSW SES have received more than 6500 requests for help since the storms began on Monday, with flash flooding, trees down and power outages.
England bowler Jimmy Anderson took his 384th Test wicket on Friday. Anderson overtakes Sir Ian Botham's record of 383 wickets. Botham was in attendance to watch Anderson make history in Antigua.
Claudio Giardiello, 46, is said to have first killed his lawyer Lorenzo Alberto Claris Appiani, 37, and his co-defendant. He then allegedly shot dead judge Fernando Ciampi in an act of revenge 'against those that ruined me' A fourth victim, understood to have been a witness, had no visible injuries and is thought to have died of a heart attack. Several other people suffered serious injuries, including Giardiello's former colleagues and accountant.
Shayna Hubers, 24, is on trial for the murder of her lawyer boyfriend, Ryan Poston, 29. Audrey Bolte, who won Miss Ohio 2012 and finished runner-up in Miss USA, was supposed to meet Poston on the night he was shot. Prosecutors allege that Hubers shot Poston because she was furious he was trying to break up with her. Jurors were shown a police interview in which Hubers said Poston was 'vain' and she gave him the 'nose job he wanted'
Former Celebrity Big Brother contestant, 40, spoke on LBC radio show. Said migrant vessels 'need pushing back' and called for 'huge bonfire' Mother-of-three's comments were labelled 'dangerous' and 'toxic' on Twitter. She was described as a'manifestation of the culture of toxic hate in the UK'
Consumers are taking advantage of cheaper milk, vegetables and meat. Supermarket price wars and falling cost of oil are driving down costs. Goods in shops cost 2.1 per cent lower in March than same time last year. This is the biggest fall in a single year since records began nine years ago.
Politicians living quarters are under close inspection in order to establish just how human and how like (or unlike us they really are) Do you have as much cachet as David Cameron? Perhaps you're more Onslow and Daisy than Hyacinth?
Two female passengers spotted making frequent visits to the cockpit. Irish Aviation Authority are investigating the incident on Good Friday. Ryanair confirmed there were three off-duty workers on board the flight.
An Hour with Ruta aired on independent TV channel LNK last week. Show claimed Norwegian authorities were targeting Lithuanian children. Lithuania's Graina Leinskiene has been fighting to have her son returned.
Maria Lucia detailed her year-long battle in a letter to fans on The Current's website on Wednesday as she explained she would be taking some time off from the station. Patrick Henry Kelly, 56, allegedly violated a restraining order five times between August and October 2014 after he wrote her a letter about his dead dog.
Andrea Lindsay, 43, from Prescot, Merseyside, shed more than three stone.Dropped from a size 18 to a size ten to 12 in half a year. Hit her target weight in December 2014, shrinking from 14st to around 10st 5lb.
UK Oil & Gas Investments has backtracked on 'wild claims' made last week. Claimed the South of England harboured as much oil as the North Sea. But the firm has now admitted it cannot be sure how much crude lies beneath the region - if, indeed, there is much at all.
David Nicholson, 48, allegedly used his school email to contact an escort. Sent explicit messages saying he was 'looking forward to putting u over my knee' The married father-of-four has not returned to The Costello School in Basingstoke since the correspondence came to light last month.
George Davon Kennedy of DeKalb, Georgia, a student at Middle Tennessee State University, was taken in Tuesday night as police believe he is one of the men caught on video raping a woman in Panama City. He joins two other men who were arrested late last week. Delonte Martistee, 22, of Bainbridge, Georgia, and Ryan Calhoun, 23, of Mobile, Alabama, were charged with sexual battery last week. Bay County Sheriff Frank McKeithen described the graphic video as the'most disgusting, sickening thing' he had ever seen likened to 'wild animals preying on a carcass laying in the woods'
Mum Gitte Denteneer asked staff at the Rubens eaterie in Leuven, Belgium, to warm up some milk for her two-month old son Lucca. When she came to pay, she was stunned to find that 50 cents had been added onto the bill. She Tweeted a photo of the bill, which went viral and triggered outrage.
Danielle and Alexander Meitiv's children Dvora, six, and Rafi, 10, were picked up by police around 6pm on Sunday in a Maryland park. The Meitivs say they were left to panic for hours by Child Protection Services workers. The children were not reunited with their parents until 10:30pm. In March, the CPS found the couple guilty of neglect for letting the children walk home from school alone.
Jaden Smith, Kylie Jenner and Paris Hilton among stars to sport dubious looks. Revellers turned out in colourful swimming caps, tutus and flower-adorned bras.
Lauren York, 15, was found Monday afternoon in North Ridgeville, Ohio. York's parents believe she left home on her bike around 4am Sunday. The home-schooled teen took a backpack with clothes and phone, and her bike was missing.
The five-day-old hippopotamus was flung into the air after it strayed into the firing line of an adult male. The calf's mother watched in horror as the hippo was flung into the air before being dragged along the surface of the water.
The Gardena toddler reportedly shouted'mommy' before her mother turned around and could not find her daughter around 4.55 pm on Thursday. Her girl, who has not been identified, was found injured outside of Jim's Burgers 13 miles away and was spotted by concerned customers next to a dumpster. Police are looking for the driver of a white, recent-model Nissan Altima captured on video at the car wash around the time the girl was abducted.
Dr Habeeb Latheef, 48, is accused of sexually assaulting three women. The married GP is on trial at Taunton Crown Court. He is alleged to have carried out the assaults over a four year period.
Jeremy Scott’s spring/summer 2015 collection for Moschino caused an Insta-stampede. The creative head sent his models down the runway in Barbie doll inspired dresses to the sound of Aqua’s iconic 90s hit, I'm A Barbie Girl. Olivia Phillips, 30, a journalist at Emirates Woman, took to the streets of Dubai dressed as the iconic doll.
Rajee Narinesingh, one of the victims of 'toxic tush' doctor Oneal Ron Morris, stepped out on Sunday showing off her new face. Rajee had Morris inject her cheeks, lips and chin back in 2005, and ended up disfigured after she did not have the money to go to a proper cosmetic surgeon. She began seeing Dr John Martin of Coral Gables Cosmetic Reconstructive Surgery in 2012, who gave her softening injections and laser therapy. Now, she has had her look improved once again by Dr Terry Dubrow and Dr Paul Nassif, a process that will be featured on the premiere episode of Bot
Picture is believed to show principal Andrew Barr watching pornography. It was taken in his office at Geelong College, south-west of Melbourne. Mr Barr resigned from his position after the photograph appeared on Snapchat. The Geelong College Council has since announced it has begun searching for a new Principal.
Joshua Corbett faces charges of stalking and burglary this week. Sandra Bullock was forced to make a desperate call to the police. Corbett broke into the house on 8 June last year brandishing a love letter. FEMAIL lists some of the worst offenders including Kim Kardashian.
The 32-year-old, known only by the initials SAKA, admitted that his father was in charge of 65 Taliban troops. But he claimed he only agreed to join the terrorist group because he was worried about his safety. He also claimed he had been tortured during four years in jail in Kandahar after being accused of killing a provincial governor’s son. The bodyguard escaped from prison and went into hiding, but claimed that he fled to Britain after Taliban fighters tried to track him down.
Danila Kislitsyn killed more than 1,000 dogs in the streets of Vladivostok. The 31-year-old told police it was his duty to eliminate strays from the streets. He would give them poisoned sausages and set traps to kill them. Kislitsyn also believed dogs were to blame for him contracting tuberculosis.
Christopher Lawler said he was pinned to a chair and groped by a male member of staff on his first day working at Clarence House. The ordeal left him in tears and he left the job the same day. He finally decided to contact palace officials after inquiries began into alleged cover-ups of child sex abuse by a VIP paedophile ring in the 1970s and 80s.
Netflix's Orange is the New Black will be available on Foxtel from June 12. A kink in the agreement with US studio Lionsgate allows Foxtel to offer the entire season as an on-demand streaming title. In Australia, this applies to the way Orange is the New Black was shown 'legally' in the country. But when the third season premieres on Netflix on June 12, Foxtel will also begin showing the entire season in one continuous marathon.
Plane was struck by lightning shortly after takeoff during a flight from Reykjavik, Iceland, to Denver, Colorado on Tuesday. It wasn't until after landing that the passengers and crew found out the lightning strike caused a gaping hole at the nose of the plane. Pilots reported the lighting but continued on with the eight-hour flight to Denver. The plane landed safely and no one was injured.
Eli and Silas Keslar were pulled from the canal in Yuma, Arizona Friday morning and flown to a Yuma hospital, where they were pronounced dead. Authorities have not released any information on how the toddlers ended up in the water, but say foul play is not suspected. A Go Fund Me page set up this weekend named the boys and their parents, Mark and Alexis Keslar.
Pledge to extend the dream of home ownership to 1.3million social tenants was the centrepiece of Tuesday's Tory manifesto launch. But housing chiefs were accused of hypocrisy after details emerged of their lavish salaries. One board member lambasted the proposal as the 'right to steal'
The spacious five bedroom home, based in the same building where 1950s pin-up and Hollywood icon Ava Gardner spent her final years, offers 3,054 sq. ft. of high-end accommodation. Entered through a long entrance hall, it has a grand double-sized reception room, private study and kitchen/dining room. There are five bedrooms with a master bedroom suite with walk in wardrobes.
The dress was worn in several key scenes in the 1939 movie, including when Scarlett O'Hara encounters Rhett Butler. It was one of more than 150 items that were part of the private collection of James Tumblin, formerly in charge of the hair and makeup department at Universal Studios. Tumblin began collecting onscreen costumes, props and behind-the-scenes artifacts from the film in the 1960s.
Since 1952, 95% of red squirrels have been wiped out in England and Wales. But now, red squirrels have been spotted in Windermere, in the Lake District. Experts say a lack of habitats caused them to disappear from the area.
Emily, 23, shot to fame as half-naked cavorting star of Blurred Lines video. Currently starring in Gone Girl alongside Ben Affleck and Rosamind Pike. Says she is a carnivore and likes to eat meat and craves iron.
The presumed Democratic presidential front-runner flew to Washington, D.C. in a converted Secret Service 'Scooby' van. She arrived in time to take a US Airways shuttle to Washington, D.C. from Boston Logan International Airport. The Manchester, N.H. airport was 55 miles closer and offered a 5:16 p.m. flight to the same destination. The Manchester flight was scheduled to use a smaller plane with nothing but coach seats.
Joanna Goodall forged signatures of customers and colleagues for cash refunds. The 30-year-old mother then took the money from the Premier Inn in Newcastle. Bosses noticed the high level of refunds and CCTV showed her taking money from the till. Goodall was given a nine-month suspended sentence and ordered to pay back just £1 as she has no assets.
The 30-year-old from Los Angeles welcomed her son James Hunter into the world last Tuesday. On Sunday, Sarah revealed that she gained 28lbs during her pregnancy.
One Utah National Guard officer was sacked for allowing soldiers to participate in Hot Shots 2015 photo shoot. Three other soldiers have been disciplined for their involvement. An investigator blamed sexist culture and porn for the shoot at Camp Williams, outside of Salt Lake City.
The 77 Brigade was launched in January in response to the jihadis’ mastery of online propaganda. It was widely reported that the brigade would be made up of 2,000 social media and psychological warfare exponents. But even when fully operational, the brigade will number just 454 regular and reservist troops.
The stars of Married at First Sight embark on their honeymoons on tonight's episode of the FYI series. But all three couples quickly find themselves experiencing some serious trouble in paradise.
Dr Sameer Patel, clinical director at the Elleven practice in London, has highlighted the dangers of the 'desk diet' Here, he reveals the biggest offenders, and offers advice on how to safeguard your oral health during the working day.
The head of the Drug Enforcement Administration, Michele Leonhart, is expected to resign soon, an Obama administration official said Tuesday. Leonhart is a career drug agent who has led the agency since 2007 and is the second woman to hold the job. She has faced mounting pressure from Congress, where some questioned her competence in the wake of a scathing government watchdog report detailing allegations that agents attended sex parties with prostitutes.
Detective Ian Cyrus has been suspended without pay and his supervisor placed on desk duty. NYPD detectives were at the store in Brooklyn, New York arresting workers for selling illegal cigarettes. Store manager said he saw one of the detectives finding the rent money box under the counter, and Detective Ian Cyrus grabbing a handful of it.
Eddie Raymond Tipton, 51, of Norwalk, Iowa was originally charged with two felony counts of fraud for illegally playing the lottery. Now prosecutors say he used an intricate system to make sure he would win, and that he tampered with security cameras in the building so he would not be caught. Authorities had been trying to identify the winner of the $14.3 million Hot Lotto ticket since a New York lawyer tried to claim the prize shortly before the one-year deadline in 2011.
Experts from Centre for International Research in the Humanities and Social Sciences (CIRHUS) in New York City studied neolithic ornaments to understand how farming spread. Findings show a bump in the road in the adoption of farming, which enabled groups of people to move away from foraging and hunting as a means for survival and sparked a ‘major economic revolution’
Jan Bearman has had a new tattoo inked on her shoulder every birthday in memory of her daughter, who died of complications from diabetes in 2011. Two of Jan's granddaughters and Shell's husband decided to get tattoos in memory of her. 'Shell was just such a gorgeous girl. It's a loss that leaves a hole in your heart that's never filled again,' Jan said.
French photographer and illustrator, Thomas Lamadieu, takes snaps of the sky in courtyards and built-up areas to create a frame of buildings. The space in between then acts as a canvas for his playful illustrations which he has dubbed'sky art'
WARNING: GRAPHIC CONTENT. This year's commercial hunt off the coast of Newfoundland began yesterday. Images show baby seals being shot and clubbed to death for their fur. They are dragged onto vessels where they are clubbed to death for their fur. Animal rights charity Humane Society International says seals are 'dying a violent death for fur products nobody wants' Sir Paul McCartney has made an emotional plea for Canada to stop the hunt.
Peter Kelly, who leaves behind a wife in addition to five children under the age of nine, was killed on Tuesday night when he was stabbed in the chest. One of the teenagers, Levi Acre-Kendall, was charged with one count of first-degree reckless homicide on Friday. Kelly and a friend were fishing on the Minnesota side of the St Croix River when they heard three teens being loud and rude on the Wisconsin side. They asked them to quiet down and heated words were exchanged for the next three hours.
Andy Murray married long term girlfriend Kim Sears this weekend. His mother Judy has revealed that she can't wait for her son to have children. She said that she will take an active part in their lives and teach them about tennis.
Andrew Hennells posted details of his plan to the social networking site. He wrote 'Doing. Tesco. Over' at 7.25pm on February 13 in King's Lynn, Norfolk. A quarter of an hour later, police were alerted to a man brandishing a knife. Hennells fled the scene before police arrived, but was arrested in a nearby pub. He admitted robbery and carrying a knife as an offence and was jailed for four years.
General Motors has unveiled the Chevrolet-FNR car. It has 'dragonfly' swing doors that open upwards and 'crystal laser headlights' The car is self-driving, electric, and the front chairs can swivel round. And using iris recognition software you can start it using only your eyes. Chevrolet notes that the car is just a concept, so there is no release date or planned production date yet.
The Sandpiper complex on Westhampton Beach caught fire at 3pm. It is not known what started the blaze, which was so intense it melted the paint off nearby buildings. Twelve fire crews were deployed in a bid to control the flames but could not get inside any of the summer homes.
Stress drains from the body, meaning it shows up in surprising ways. These seven symptoms are an indicator you are stressed, warns nutritionist Charlotte Watts. She recommends the best foods to get rid of each one.
Darren Goddard, 48, 'cried himself to sleep' when he left his son in 1989. He had moved to Germany to pursue a career in the Army and met his son's mother. But his marriage broke down after he was involved in a serious car accident. He eventually came to terms with the fact he would never see his son again. Around three years ago, his daughter created a Facebook page for him. But the 27-year-old's appeal turned up on his timeline when he logged in. Mr Goddard made the first contact and the pair now speak to each other via Skype
Diane Priestley, 57, was struggling to breathe and her tongue and lips turned blue. David Priestley called 999 three times and had to wait an hour for ambulance. North East Ambulance Service admitted delay was due to call-handler error. Grandmother-of-nine died from ruptured abdominal aortic aneurysm on arrival at Darlington Memorial Hospital.
Victoria McKennon is battling to be allowed to take part in graduation. The 17-year-old is just one class short of the credits she needs to graduate. Plano Senior High School initially refused to let her take part in the event. But the school has now agreed to let her take part in a small summer ceremony. Her family have filed a civil rights complaint with the Department of Education.
The woman, identified as 24-year-old Krista Dotzenrod from Minnesota, said it was 'pure luck' 'It all happened in five seconds.... I chugged the beer and wished the Cubs a great year,' she said.
YouGov surveyed 1713 Brits and 1124 Americans about royal baby. Both Brits and Americans want royal baby number two to be a girl. Charlotte, Alice and Alexandra are the leading names in the UK. Americans favour prominent royal names such as Diana and Elizabeth.
The couple, who have not been named, were arguing in the parking lot of an apartment complex in South West Houston. Husband admitted to police that during the heat of the argument he tried to drive off in his green Chevrolet pickup truck when his wife grabbed the door handle, slipped and he ran her over. Houston police spent several hours questioning the man about the tragic events that unfolded Monday. But no charges have been filed against him.
Pietro Boselli, 26, is an advanced maths lecturer at University College London. Admits he tried to keep his double life as a model a secret from colleagues. Says he was ashamed that people would 'look down on' him. Has a huge following on Instagram with more than 480,000 followers.
The group, calling themselves Hookers For Hillary, all work at Dennis Hof's infamous Moonlite Bunny Ranch in Carson City. The legal brothel, which was the subject of HBO's Cathouse series, has drafted a four-point platform explaining their endorsement. They cite Clinton's work on health care reform, foreign experience, tax reform and responsible government oversight on public health issues as reasons to vote for her.
Claims made in new North Korean school textbook called Kim Jong Un's Revolutionary Activities. It has been distributed to middle and high schools for study during 2015. Text claims Kim learned to drive aged three and won a yacht race aged nine. Also claims he can write well and knows how to compose music.
The 3,600-passenger Britannia is the largest ship built for the UK market. The Union Jack-adorned Britannia is the largest cruise ship built for the UK market.
British officers forced to accept four-day inspection from experts from Moscow. They are attending Exercise Joint Warrior off the coast of Scotland. It is designed to send a signal to Vladimir Putin in face of continuing aggression.
Drone carrying asparagus tips crashed mid-journey in the Netherlands. Restaurant had to settle for a more traditional method of delivery. The pilot had followed the remote-controlled craft in the back of a pick-up truck.
Circuit Judge Michael Maggio, 52, faces up to 10 years in prison for bribery. He admitted posting series of racist, sexist and offensive comments. Maggio revealed details of Theron's adoption two months before she did.
Amol Gupta, from Manhattan, is suing ZogSports kickball league claiming that during a match two years ago he ran into a brick wall. Kickball is a popular American schoolyard game akin to baseball where players kick the ball to bat instead of using bats.
Geraldine Jones, 36, of Gary, Indiana, charged with murder, kidnapping and criminal confinement in the death of Samantha Fleming, 23. Police believe Jones lured Fleming from her home by telling her she worked for the Indiana Department of Child Services. She had been stabbed, wrapped in plastic and soaked with bleach. Police say Jones may have faked being pregnant, telling family she was expecting twins.
Nathalie Croquet, from Paris, has recreated a series of glossy commercials for her project SPOOF. The exhibition includes parodies of ads from Givenchy, Lancome, Lanvin and Acne. In the images Nathalie has recreated the adverts completely, from the clothes the model wears, to the poses, make-up and surroundings.
Mandy Greenwood, 39, was raped by her father from the age of seven. Keith Whitworth, 61, from Rochdale, jailed for 22 years for catalogue of abuse. Mandy escaped home life by getting pregnant at 15 and having a son four years later.
Frances, 53, showed off her tan in a white bikini on a beach in Barbados. The mother-of-two has been holidaying with the Top Gear presenter for a week. Jeremy, 54, continues to battle to save his career after being sacked by BBC.
Airport codes are used by the International Air Transport Association (IATA) Two aviation fans set out to document the world's airport codes and explain how they were chosen with their website Airport Codes. They list the origins of 438 airports from 94 countries.
Kaitlyn Granado, 24, was arrested on March 19 for kissing a 15-year-old pupil. She admitted letting him touch her breasts and was suspended from teaching. Now another boy, also 15, has accused her of having sex with him. It is claimed they had sex in her car on consecutive nights in January.
The presumed Democratic presidential candidate and her right-hand woman Huma Abedin were spotted at a Chipotle in Maumee, Ohio, on Monday. They ordered a chicken burrito bowl with guacamole, a chicken salad, a blackberry soda and a regular soda but nobody in the restaurant recognized them. The Chipotle's manager said they paid with $21 and left a tip. Clinton's net worth is between $5 million and $25 million.
A 21-year-old man has been arrested on suspicion of murder. He is being questioned in connection with the death of James Gregoire. Mr Gregoire, 54, was killed following a late night 'altercation' in Clacton. A second man was seriously injured in the brawl and a third man suffered minor injuries. A large area of Clacton's town centre was cordoned off this morning.
Jay Rutland, 34, is married to the 30-year-old daughter of F1 boss Bernie Ecclestone. Training consultant's firm Brigante Business Developments brought in £3,378. Its latest accounts for year to July 2014 were filed to Companies House.
Patrol officer Michael Slager will be refused the right to hold the baby which his wife Jamie is set to give birth to in a few weeks. He is only granted video access to his eight and a half month's pregnant wife and an officer stands outside the booth whenever he talks to his family. They are not allowed to spend any time together and contact is via video screens with headphones at the Charleston County jail.
Shocking footage of a vagrant Christian family band attacking police officers in a Walmart parking lot has been released. The video taken from a patrol car dashcam captures the 'end of days' group brawling with cops in Cottonwood, Arizona, on March 21. Enoch Gaver, 21, was killed in the fight and suspect David Gaver, 28, was shot in the stomach and taken into custody. Other members of the Gaver family have been jailed, including an 11-year-old and 15-year-old who were sent to a juvenile detention facility.
App called None* gives users only one clue to get started and a keyboard. There are no images, music, animations, sound effects or hints to help users, or indication of what the purpose of the game is. Available for iOS, Android and Windows Phone devices, the description of the game in stores reads: ‘No one really knows what none* game is about’ Users are confronted with a black screen and a single clue written in white text. They use the keyboard to enter their answer in order to progress to the next level.
Blair said he wanted to create a 'cadre' of former leaders to advise governments. Former PM said his ideas of leadership were 'close to a benevolent dictatorship' Blair made his first intervention in the Election campaign last week.
Nine of the top 15 companies are tech companies, according to salary data compiled by Glassdoor.com. Wall Street law firm, Skadden, Arps, one of the largest and most prestigious law firms in the nation, comes in at the top of the list. Google, which has 53,000 employees, is by far the largest employer on the list.
Truckers from Bulgaria, Poland and Romania already work in the UK. They are being offered £100 for each driver they manage to lure into Britain. Employment agency Mainline is offering incentive to any worker who refers qualified Class A HGV driver to undertake work for four weeks.
Shannon Hamilton was arrested on Sunday attempting to build a barricade on a bridge in Georgia where his daughter had died. Cecily Hamilton, 16, and her friend Taylor Swing, 18, died on March 15 when their car plunged off the bridge in White County and into the water below. Hamilton, together with friends and family members, had traveled to the bridge to errect a temporary barrier he had created to prevent cars from driving off the roadway. But before he could complete the work, Hamilton was arrested by deputies. His 18-year-old son, Kale, captured the moment his father was charged with interference with government property on
Devoted Wei Guiyi, 76, guides blind husband Huang Funeng, 80, around. Huang lost his sight to degenerative eye condition 30 years ago. Guiyi became the eyes for both of them when Huang was infected.
The aluminium battery was created at Stanford University, California. It is said to be the first high-performance aluminium battery. It is 'fast-charging, long-lasting and inexpensive', according to its designers. It is more environmentally friendly than alkaline batteries, and can't catch fire like lithium-ion technology.
Eritrean Christians forced to deny faith or face death at hands of Islamist gunmen. They were searching for 'infidels' in towns and beaches of North African state. Haben, 19, and his brother Samuel, 14, arrived in Sicily a week ago. They were able to keep faith hidden, concealing wooden crosses underneath clothes. Around 1,300 people drowned trying to reach Europe in boats from Libya.
The remains of murdered high school teacher Stephanie Scott have been formally identified after an autopsy was carried out this week. A post-mortem has been completed at Glebe Morgue in Sydney and a report is in the hands of the coroner. The Department of Forensic Medicine has made contact with Ms Scott's family to provide specialist grief counselling. The 26-year-old's burned body was found around five metres from a road in Cocoparra National Park, north of Griffith, NSW, on Friday afternoon. Ms Scott went missing on Easter Sunday while preparing to go marry her fiancé Aaron Leeson-Woolley.
Vera Baird awarded £500,000 of taxpayers' money to charity she runs. Victims First Northumbria supports crime victims in her Northumbria area. She is also the Police and Crime Commissioner for Northumbria. Sitting alongside her on the organisation's top table is Chief Constable Sue Sim. The pair now face a Ministry of Justice probe as critics accuse them of creating 'a soap opera' within the force.
A mansion that resembles an alien spaceship in the rain forest of Far North Queensland is on the market for $15 million. Designed by Port Douglas architect Charles Wright, the property won The Australian Institute of Architects House of the Year for Queensland in 2014. The property, called 'Alkira,' which is Aboriginal for bright and sunny, features six bedrooms, six bathrooms, five balconies and three garage spots. It is located within 73 acres of Daintree Rainforest and fringes over 600 metres of Far North Queensland beachfront.
Turing wrote the notes at the Bletchley Park code-breaking headquarters in 1942. The 56-page document is believed to be the only extensive Turing manuscript. It sold for $1,025,000 (£698,000) in a Fine Books & Manuscripts Sale at Bonhams. Turing is best known for cracking the code used by the Germans during WWII.
Shelley Dufresne, 32, was arrested in September after a 16-year-old student at Destrehan High School in Louisiana started bragging to friends about sleeping with two teachers. Dufresne taught the same student English the year prior. Fellow teacher Rachel Respess, 24, taught the same student English the year prior. In exchange for pleading guilty to a count of obscenity, the charge of carnal knowledge of a juvenile will be held for the three years Dufresne is under probation for obscenity.
Apple's smartwatch is available to pre-order in nine countries. Britain is the most expensive place in the world to buy the Apple Watch. The cheapest model is the 38mm Sport version costing £299 in the UK. The most expensive Edition model costs up to £2,500 more in the UK. At the lower end of the scale British buyers pay up to £63 more for the Sport model. There is a difference in price of over £1,230 when it comes to the luxurious Watch Edition.
Almost one in four said that they are in pain on a daily basis. Almost two-thirds said they spend most of their working day sitting. Average Briton spends almost three hours in front of the TV each evening.
BMW driver rammed a shirtless man in the street after furious road rage row. Distressed onlookers tried to intervene in the violent clash in east London. The 25-year-old driver of the white BMW then accelerated and hit the other man. He briefly reversed before ramming into a white Mercedes and white Prius.
Maya Angelou was honored by the US Postal Service on Tuesday with a Forever stamp in her honor. One of her famous quotes, 'a bird doesn't sing because it has an answer, it sings because it has a song,' was featured on the stamp. However, the quote was written by Joan Walsh Anglund in her 1967 children's book A Cup of Sun.
The 19-year-old is the face of Batiste's 2015 'Ready For It' campaign. This is the first time the singer has worked with a dry shampoo brand.
Royal Caribbean's Legend of the Seas reported 135 passengers took ill before it docked Tuesday. Just one day prior, the Celebrity Infinity cruise liner docked in the Southern California city with 106 sick. Both ships are owned by Royal Caribbean.
Marc Carn, 29, last seen in Irish bar near Las Ramblas on Saturday night. He failed to turn up for his flight back home and his family contacted the Foreign Office. They said his disappearance was completely out of character. Mr Carn handed himself into the British Consulate in Barcelona today. He was forced to walk for 20 hours to try and get back to his hotel.
Peter Endean re-tweeted image with caption: 'Labour's new floating voters. Coming to a country near you soon' Around 1,300 people are believed to have drowned in the past two weeks.
Walk-out by French air traffic controllers will start at 5am tomorrow. It will run for 48 hours, with considerable knock-on disruption expected. EasyJet and BA are among major airlines expected to scrap hundreds of flights. Ryanair is cancelling more than 250 flights with more likely.
Facebook is testing the Sidebar status feature in Taiwan and Australia. It lets users post a short message about what they are doing in a sidebar added to the social network’s mobile app. The sidebar can be accessed by swiping right on the screen and brings up a user’s most messaged friends. It is currently only available to selected people for testing.
Former Chancellor says Tories 'haven't been able to win an election for 23 years' Warns against offering 'blank cheques' to NHS and foreign aid budgets. criticises Tory leadership for making personal attacks on Miliband.
Zakiur Rehman Lakhvi was allowed to leave Adiala Prison in Rawalpindi late on Thursday. His release was slammed with Indians calling it an 'insult' to the victims of the three-day onslaught. Lakhvi and six other suspects were charged in Pakistan - but their cases have made little progress in five years.
Cell phone footage, recorded by the unnamed customer, starts with the woman repeatedly asking to speak to the manager. After four separate requests to speak to a manager, the customer finally got the employee's attention. 'Baby, you're about to get it,' the employee is heard saying. 'Just wait. You're gonna get your s***' 'You cannot treat people like this, this is your job,' the customer replied. 'Are you serious? Are you serious?'
The coin has an image of poppies - symbolic of remembrance - among crosses similar to those that mark the graves of fallen soldiers. The words 'Lest We Forget' also appear on the $2 coin. One and a half million coins will be released into circulation over the coming weeks.
Eloise Parry, known as Ella, 'burned up from the inside' after swallowing DNP. The 21-year-old student had taken the highly-toxic substance on April 12. She began feeling unwell and drove herself to the Royal Shrewsbury Hospital. Doctors carried out a toxicity test and discovered she was in grave danger. Her metabolism began to soar and she started to overheat. Despite doctors desperately trying to stabilise her, she died just three hours later.
Walter Scott was $7,500 behind on child support when he was pulled over on Saturday and had already been jailed three times for missing payments. But there was no warrant out for his arrest when he was pulled over. Family believed he fled over fears he would be arrested for the debt. Dashcam footage released on Thursday shows him running away from the officer before he is shot dead.
Seven per cent of American women have actually had allergic reactions to salon treatments. manicures, pedicures, hair coloring, teeth whitening, and perms are the top five treatments women favor.
Rachel Lehnardt, 35, 'allowed her daughter and her friends to drink alcohol and smoke marijuana in front of her at their Evans, Georgia home' She woke the next morning to find her daughter's 16-year-old boyfriend raping her and threw him off, her lawyer said. Lehnardt then'showed her daughter explicit photos of herself having sex with her current boyfriend and admitted to being a porn addict' Her lawyer said she turned to alcohol after divorcing her husband James, who returned from Iraq with PTSD and was later discharged.
The 56-page book contains Turing's thoughts on the tricky 'Leibniz notation dx/dy' He wrote: 'I find [it] extremely difficult to understand in spite of it having been the one I understood the best once!' It was written at the Bletchley Park code-breaking headquarters in 1942 and paved the way for computer science.
Prague's international airport has to hire porters to carry luggage up 32 stairs. Construction project didn't budget for escalator between metro station and bus terminal. Porters are at Nadrazi Veleslavin station from 5am to 10pm every day.
The force wasn't with everyone during the Star Wars: Episode VII - The Force Awakens panel held at California's Anaheim Convention Center on Thursday. Carrie Fisher, 58, who is reprising her role as Princess Leia, and Mark Hamill, 63, who is Luke Skywalker, were arm in arm on the stage. Not on hand was Harrison Ford, who is the franchise's Han Solo. Producer Kathleen Kennedy explained the 72-year-old was'resting' after miraculously surviving a March plane crash in Los Angeles.
Maria Kukucova, 25, is accused of murdering ex-boyfriend Andy Bush, 48. Gold dealer Mr Bush was found shot to death in his Costa del Sol villa. Kukucova had gone on the run but was tracked down to her family's home. Her parents Lubomir Kukuca, 50, and Danka Casucova, 51, said they feel hated in their own village after news of the murder spread.
Eight guards at Nauru detention centre have been suspended. They posted anti-Islamic messages on social media and were pictured with Pauline Hanson at a recent Reclaim Australia rally. Detention centre operator Transfield Services said the employees were found to be contravening a company policy that they display 'cultural sensitivity'
Drew Hollinshead, 21, was driving through Bournemouth when he saw the woman fall. He stopped in the first space available when he saw the pensioner collapse. But as he helped her for less than a minute, a traffic warden put a £70 ticket on his car. Mr Hollinshead initially tore up the ticket and threw it in a bin before later going back to pick it up.
Horry County Police said the mother, who will be identified once she is formally charged, turned herself in on Thursday night. The baby girl was discovered struggling to breathe while trapped inside of a tied plastic bag by Austin Detray on Thursday afternoon. The 8lb 6oz newborn was taken to hospital where she is listed in stable condition, and the woman is currently in hospital and will be charged once she is released.
David Cameron embarked on his first walkabout of the election campaign. He was told to 'f*** off back to Eton with all your Eton chums' by a busker. One local woman reprimanded him for 'name-calling' in the campaign. Tory campaign boosted by a new poll which suggests they have pulled away a six point lead over Labour.
Marcus and his nine-year-old sister Aaliyah were trapped in a second-floor bedroom after the fire broke out on the first floor of their home in Clinton. The boy called 911 shortly before 7am after he smelled smoke and told the dispatcher the siblings were trapped in the room because it was too hot to get out through the hallway. Prince George’s County firefighters were able to enter the room by going through the home and breaking a window.
Klaus-Dieter Scheurle urges industry to develop system to prevent crash. Investigators believe Andreas Lubitz locked captain out of cockpit in March. Co-pilot deliberately crashed plane into French mountainside, killing 150.
The former California governor spoke out against the controversial legislation. Said it is a 'distracting' and 'divisive' law that only hurts the GOP. Claims Republicans are focusing on the wrong issues and alienates voters.
Oskar Groening, 93, is set to go on trial charged with complicity. He is accused of killing 300,000 Jews at the Nazi extermination camp. Auschwitz survivors and relatives of those murdered filed into court today. They spoke of their pain, pride and duty confronting this 'cog' in machinery of genocide.
Linden Adkins was caught on camera getting out of his minivan and screaming at a motorist at Kent State University in Ohio on Wednesday. The 56-year-old, who works in the College of Applied Engineering, can be heard shouting: 'What kind of moron are you?' He then tries to grab the windshield wipers but is pulled to ground when the van drives off. Adkins claims he did it because he saw the motorist texting as he ran a stop sign and nearly hit a pedestrian.
Four-year-old cockapoo, Miss Darcy, has travelled the globe. Visited 11 countries and 23 destinations including New York and Berlin. She has covered nearly 25,000 miles since 2011 - making her a Phileas Dog.
Hoda Muthana, 20, left home in Hoover, Alabama, to join ISIS in Syria. She married Australian jihadist, Suhan Abdul Rahman, in Raqqa last month. Now Muthana has called for drive-by shootings in America on Memorial Day.
The March 18 video recorded by Faysal Mohamed lasts for 30 seconds and begins with a police officer giving a violent warning while his gun was trained on the teen and his two friends. 'Plain and simple, if you f*** with me I'm going to break your leg before you even get a chance to run. Be honest. I don't screw around,' says the officer. According to Mohamed he and friends had just left the YMCa in south Minneapolis when the police officer pulled over their car. They were told to get out and put into handcuffs and when they asked why, the police
National Union of Teachers has called for a ‘positive portrayal of same sex relationships’ in lessons to be made ‘compulsory’ under the next government. Critics accused the NUT of ‘thought control’ and said the ‘intolerant’ proposals risked ‘oversexualising’ children at a young age. Christian groups warned it would compel teachers at faith schools to act against their beliefs.
Pupils’ excessive consumption of energy drinks is fuelling deteriorating behaviour, it has been claimed. Some children drink ‘excessive’ amounts of Red Bull, Monster and Relentless, causing ‘hyperactivity’ and an ‘inevitable crash’ NASUWT likened caffeinated refreshments to ‘readily available legal highs’
Quavious Marshall, 24, Kirschnick Ball, 20, and Kiari Cephus, 23, were escorted off the Georgia Southern University campus mid-performance on Saturday night. When investigators left to perform at Georgia Southern University's Hanner arena over the weekend, they seized the opportunity to conduct a search. Multiple guns, marijuana and another undisclosed drug were discovered in the vehicles. All of the band members have been denied bond - meaning they might not be able to fulfill their upcoming tour dates.
Hip hop star Tinie Tempah played just two songs at 'intimate' gig last night. Music lovers paid nearly £40 to see the 26-year-old perform in Canterbury. But he arrived three hours late and left after telling crowd 'See you on tour' Club where event took place says it will seek refund from star's management.
The 25-ft long wreckage was discovered floating west of Ona Beach in Lincoln County at about 9.30am on Thursday. Several live yellowtail jack fish, native to Japan, were found inside the floating debris. The debris appears to be half to two-thirds of a larger vessel, possibly damaged and set adrift during the 2011 tsunami.
Britons are buying luxury items amid falling prices and rising wages. Spending in restaurants has increased by 17 per cent in the last 12 months. Entertainment is up 12 per cent as people visit theatres, cinemas and parks. Electronics spend has risen 7 per cent as people buy expensive phones. It comes as official figures are expected to show Britain has entered its first period of deflation since 1960.
Michael Slager, 33, can be heard laughing nervously while talking with a senior officer following the incident in North Charleston on April 5. The conversation was picked up by the dashcam in the officer's patrol car. The senior officer told Slager during the conversation to go home and relax, assuring him that he would not have to answer questions about the shooting for days.
Wikipedia account 'Contribsx' edited pages linked to senior politicians. Includes entries on Lynton Crosby, Justine Greening and Grant Shapps. Wikipedia says the account 'is a sockpuppet of Grant Shapps' Wikipedia has suspended the Contribsx account pending further enquiries.
Tennessee Supreme Court has vacated the execution dates of the last four men on the state's death row as new lethal injection methods are challenged. Executions have been postponed as courts decide whether current protocols for putting people to death are constitutional. States across the country have been struggling to find a method of execution that will stand up to legal challenges.
The body of a New York woman was left dangling from a fire escape for more than an hour Sunday after she hung herself. Witnesses say they were traumatized and one passer-by said she initially thought the body was fake and believed it was a 'Halloween prank' The woman's identity has not been released pending notification of her family.
Jessica Silva appears on 60 Minutes this Sunday night for the first time since she killed her abusive partner James Polkinghorne. She walked free from court last month, despite being convicted of manslaughter. 60 Minutes journalist Michael Usher conducted the interview with her. He said she walked away realising there are a lot of broken people. 'I don't know if there will ever be a neat ending,' Usher said. 'She tells it in a ridiculously raw, emotional but extremely clear way'
Researchers at the Department of Twin Research, which hosts the biggest adult twin registry in the UK, recently performed a poll of voting preferences. They looked at the voting habits of twins born in the UK. The aim was to explore how much nature and nurture influence our party political allegiances and potential voting preferences. They found voting Conservative, or not, is strongly influenced by genetics.
Skeletons were found on top of one another in the tomb from Korea’s Silla Dynasty. Archaeologists are almost certain that the tomb was intended for a noblewoman and believe the man she is lying with may have been killed so he could be buried with her. Tomb is made of soil and stone and was discovered last December in Hwang-nam-dong, a neighbourhood of Gyeongju City in South Korea.
Shailene uses roasted beetroot to colour her lips. Blake Lively uses mayonnaise on bottom half of her hair. Lupita Nyong'o uses avocado to combat dry skin. Scarlett Johansson uses apple cider vinegar as a cleanser. Kate Moss submerging face in cucumber water in morning.
Joseph O'Riordan, 76, left wife Mandy, 47, with life-threatening injuries. He stabbed her nine times after discovering her affair with postman Nick Gunn. But today it can be revealed Mr Gunn had affairs with women on his rounds. A former girlfriend said: 'We split up because he was having an affair'
Rev. Sharpton preached at the Charity Missionary Baptist Church on Sunday. Elected officials and police from North Charleston were in attendance. Senator Marlon Kimpson was also there to hear Sharpton speak. He gave credit to North Charleston Mayor Keith Summey for firing Michael Slager, the officer who killed Scott. Sharpton is also expected to attend a vigil near the scene of the shooting.
A poll of 2,000 Britons found that 68 per cent had hurt themselves doing odd jobs or decorating. Two in five had injured their back, one in five had cut themselves and one in ten had suffered side effects from inhaling chemical fumes. A careless one in 30 suffered after getting paint or chemicals in their eyes and eight in 100 had fallen off a ladder.
Nafir Afzal said teenagers are at risk of 'jihadimania' and warned of '7/7' He said Britain needs a new approach in the way it deals with radicalisation. Mr Afzal said children are'manipulated' by Islamists and need role models.
Spanish researchers say climate change impacted human migration. Until 1.4 million years ago it was too cold to inhabit southeast Spain. But then the climate warmed to 13C (55F) and became more humid. This enabled hominins - our distant ancestors - to move to new regions.
London-based designer claims to have made the world's safest bike. Called the Babel Bike it has a host of features including a roll cage. Crispin Sinclair is seeking £50,000 of funding on site Indiegogo. The bike also has foot protectors and an electric motor.
Boris Johnson will move centre stage in Conservative election campaign. London Mayor will make high-profile joint appearance with David Cameron. Growing calls from Tory MPs for Mr Johnson to be 'weaponised'
President Barack Obama and Cuban President Raul Castro shook hands yesterday at a brief meeting at the Summit of the Americas in Panama. The two leaders, who clasped hands yesterday at a brief meeting, are both attending the Summit of the Americas in Panama. The gesture of friendships is an outward symbol of Obama's project to thaw diplomatic relations with Cuba. The White House has set expectations for a'substantive' exchange between Castro, brother of revolutionary leader Fidel, and Obama today. Speculation is high that a result of the exchange could be the official removal of Cuba from the State Department's list of state
Holly Barber, 25, woke up feeling unwell and with chest and neck pains. But she thought it was just a bad hangover and carried on drinking. When she started coughing up blood she knew something was wrong. Rushed to hospital where doctors found she had 13 pulmonary embolisms. Blood clots were blocking the main artery of her lungs, killing the tissue. A year later, medics found another melon-sized blockage in her right lung. Now takes blood-thinning medication to prevent future clots.
The southern Spanish port has become one of Europe's hippest destinations. Thanks to a multi-million pound regeneration project, it has a new lease of life. Pop-up version of the Pompidou Centre has just opened in the city's harbour.
Ashley Madison, an online dating agency, is betting on Europe's relaxed attitude to boost its investment when it lists shares on the stock market in London later this year. Founder Noel Biderman, 43, wants to raise money from investors to fund a launch of its services in Russia, Ukraine and the Baltic states. With more than 34 million members worldwide, Ashley Madison claims to be the world's second-largest dating website.
Sandra Mathis, 52, was charged with murder after police say she stabbed her 48-year-old husband multiple times in the upper torso. The couple were homeless and living in a makeshift tent camp under a bridge in the Barrio Logan section of San Diego.
Yvonne Camargo, 39, of Victorville, was arrested on suspicion of willful cruelty to a child on April 3. The video was filmed April 1 in a parking lot after a man identifying as Edward Moneyhanz saw the woman 'pulling this kid by his hair out of the khols store' It is unknown what Camargo's relationship to the child is.
The first weekend of the arts and music festival wrapped in Indio, California, and some of the outfits stood out as being particularly woeful. The worst fashion moments from just about every recent decade came out in full force.
Chris Brynarsky, a custom paint job expert, was shot and killed in October 2006 after an argument in his car detail shop in Union County, North Carolina. When he was shot, he fell over a bumper he was working on and damaged it. His friend Mark Cosentino repaired the bumper and put it back on the car, but not before writing a message on the inside. On Good Friday, John Brynarsky was working on a car when he took off the bumper and found the message.
Jamal Kiyemba, 36, was detained in Uganda over the murder of Joan Kagezi. Ms Kagezi was killed in front of her children days before a trial against Al-Shabaab. Kiyemba was awarded £1million in compensation by the British government. He was held at Guantanamo Bay for four years before his release in 2006. Kiyemba is one of 16 former prisoners awarded £20million in compensation.
Senior GPs say they are facing 'incredible' pressures brought on by ageing population. One in six is considering going part-time and 7% contemplating quitting altogether. British Medical Association survey found 34 per cent were considering retiring. Jeremy Hunt has pledged to alter targets and invest more in surgeries.
400 Zimbabweans packed onto buses to escape anti-immigrant attacks. About 3,200 Malawians have also sought refuge in temporary camps. Zulu King Goodwill Zwelithini denies whipping up xenophobic hatred.
Hayley Grimes, 42, found Baby Peter's body in Norfolk pond in 1988. Was just a teenager when she discovered body wrapped in blanket and bag. Was accused of being boy's mother but has now been cleared after 27 years. Police used DNA profiling to trace boy's mother to her family tree.
Julius Caesar famously collapsed at the battle of Thapsus in 46BC. Historians have long believed this was result of an epileptic attack. Symptoms included vertigo, dizziness and weakness in his limbs. But new research suggests he may in fact have been suffering from mini-strokes that affected both his mental and physical state.
Baroness Hale wants bitterness taken out of most matrimonial disputes. Couples currently have to cite one of five reasons: adultery or unreasonable behaviour. Around 120,000 couples divorce in England and Wales each year.
When viewers first met Marla McCants, from Nashville, Tennessee, on last night's season finale of My 600lb Life, doctors determined that she was only months - maybe even weeks - from dying. The 43-year-old's recovery seemed like a hopeless cause until it dawned on the mother-of-three that this was her last shot.
Luigi Arcuri, 73, Nikolic Giuliano, 37, and Antonino Ballistreri, 45, were each sentenced to two years and eight months in prison. A 17-year-old boy, who cannot be named for legal reasons, was given 16 months. They were negotiating the purchase of gold and gems worth £1.5million from Rockefeller’s in Manchester. Police swooped on a conference room at a hotel and found them assembling the cabinet. Officers recovered 2.2million in counterfeit euros as well as £52,000 of legitimate Euro notes.
Police hunting for 26-year-old Peter Fox after his mother and sister found dead. Bernadette Fox, 57, was found dead at sheltered accommodation in Bootle. Her 27-year-old daughter Sarah Fox's body was found half a mile away. Detectives say Mrs Fox died of asphyxiation, while her daughter was stabbed. CCTV images show Peter Fox arriving at Euston station in London on Wednesday. Police say they want to speak 'urgently' with him in connection to the deaths. But warn public not to approach him as he could have 'information'
Nearly 100 dogs were rescued Sunday from a property in Coffee County, Tennessee, where officials say they were living in total darkness inside a squalid, windowless barn. Animal Rescue Corps is expected to stay and care for the dozens of dogs for at least one-and-a-half to two weeks and give them medical grooming, veterinary exams, vaccines and decompression time. The property owner, identified as 64-year-old Caroline Irby, was charged with 10 counts of animal cruelty on Monday.
French designer, 29, says he never had a mixed-ethnicity couple reference. Kim and Kanye front his Army Of Lovers campaign for spring/summer 2015.
Presidential candidate said he wasn't against same-sex marriage. But insisted 'definition of institution should be between one man and one woman' Last week he said he would attend same-sex wedding of someone he 'cared' for.
The air raid shelter was dug into sandstone cliffs in Stockport, Greater Manchester, in the 1930s. It was originally intended to be used as a car park, but the Second World War meant it was needed to protect residents. The tunnels were large enough to fit in 6,500 people, and had electric lighting and flush toilets.
Jarret Stoll, 32, is the longtime boyfriend of Dancing With The Stars host Erin Andrews, 36. He was arrested for possession of cocaine and MDMA, also known as Molly, at the Wet Republic pool at the MGM Grand Hotel on Friday. Stoll, who will make a cameo in the upcoming film version of the popular HBO show Entourage, was booked into the Clark County Detention Center and was listed as having a hearing on Saturday after posting $5,000 bail. The charges include possession of Class 1, 2, 3 and 4 controlled substances, including cocaine and ecstasy.
Mother-of-two Kelly Parsons, 35, from London has donated 50 eggs. Has enabled two couples to have twins and another woman to give birth to a boy. In the space of 11 months, the 35-year-old's eggs have become twin girls, twin boys and a baby boy.
A four-year-old child climbed under a temporary bike rack along Pennsylvania Avenue triggering Secret Service to put the White House under lockdown. The unidentified child caused the presidential residence to be closed off for a few moments on Sunday afternoon. The incident is the second lockdown in Washington only a day after a man shot and killed himself on Saturday.
French coach driver forced to perform U-turn on slipway in Dartmouth, Devon. He was trying to board a ferry but was turned back by the slipway. Terrified passengers clung onto their seats as he slowly shunted forward.
Tania Rahman, 27, applied to run a stall at St George's Day in Salisbury. But when she asked to be counted in she was told her Indian stall would not be allowed because it is not 'English-themed' Salisbury City Council has since apologised for the 'poorly worded' email.
Waheed Ahmed seen smiling as he begins his journey back to the UK. The 21-year-old is the son of Labour councillor Shakil Ahmed. He was detained in Turkey with eight family members trying to sneak into Syria. Mr Ahmed is believed to be flying into Manchester Airport tonight.
Laura Jordan, 24, was told her now husband, Jack Jordan, 23, had just weeks to live on Saturday April 11. The couple, from Brixham, Devon, got engaged at Jack's hospital bedside just two months ago after being left devastated by the news. Ed Sheeran sent them a personal video: 'Hope you have an amazing wedding. And drink a lot, dance a lot and have a lot of sex. You should be doing that.'
William Ziegler, now 39, was jailed for capital murder in 2001 for Russell Allen Baker's death in Mobile, Alabama. In 2012 his conviction was quashed after a judge blasted his initial trial. Key witness later recounted her testimony, and a juror lied about views on death penalty during selection. Today he walked free after striking a plea deal with prosecutors.
Marc Gasol of the Memphis Grizzlies was heading back to the locker room after the team beat the New Orleans Pelicans 110-74 on Wednesday night. That's when he stopped to chat with a young fan on the sidelines, who animatedly talked and pointed to Gasol before they exchanged a high five. The young child is a devoted Grizzlies fan and popular with the players.
Five time Emmy-winning actress Candice Bergen, now 68, confesses she was the highest paid actor in television for a lot of years after playing the title role in the hit CBS sitcom, Murphy Brown. In her new memoir, Candice Bergen writes that her father belittled her looks and favored his dummy. She reveals that she would sit on one of her father’s knees at the breakfast table and Charlie McCarthy sat on the other. 'A gentle squeeze on the back of my neck was my cue to open and shut my mouth so he could ventriloquize me,' she writes.
Niamh Geaney, 26, teamed up with two friends to launch project called Twin Strangers. The aim of the social media experiment was to see which of the three could find their closest lookalike within 28 days. Niamh found her doppleganger Karen Branigan in just two weeks - just an hour away.
Le Manoir aux Quat'Saisons is Raymond Blanc's Oxfordshire cooking school. The 15-century manor house is set in stunning grounds in the Chilterns. The Michelin-starred chef pays a surprise visit to show off his skills.
Terry Cooper, 79, was enjoying the sunshine in his garden when the huge animal burst through a hedge with two cubs. Mr Cooper, from Curry Rivel, Somerset, said his dog dragged him back indoors and fears he could have been attacked if his pet had not been there.
A group called Community Technology Alliance is giving away free Google handsets. They come loaded with apps that help the homeless find shelters, soup kitchens, and warn of severe weather. The Bay Area have one of the most acute homelessness problems in the U.S., with approximately 14,000 people living in San Francisco and San Jose.
Customer called police after seeing staff butchering a dog to be served up as pork. Police discovered caged dogs in the kitchen and a decapitated puppy in the trash. Owner Yu Yu Chou said the meat was for his own use, not for customers. In total five arrests were made at the restaurant, including three workers.
Shona Banda, 37, is fighting for custody of her 11-year-old son after his comments about marijuana at a school presentation prompted police to search her home. The boy was taken by authorities on March 24 after officials at his school reported comments he made about marijuana to child protection services. Banda did not give authorities consent to search her home, but they returned several hours later with a warrant and discovered marijuana in plant, oil, joint, gel and capsule form. Two ounces of cannabis in plant form and one ounce of oil were reportedly seized.
Munroe Bergdorf, 27, from east London, was a boy called Ian. Has worked with and modelled for fashion and beauty brands including Illamasqua and Boy London - made famous by Rihanna.
Sponge Bobby was found with breathing problems in November last year. She was nursed back to health at the Cornish Seal Sanctuary in Cornwall. The seal pup was released back into the wild last month. She suffered horrific injuries to her face and back after being hit by a boat. The force of the collision broke her jaw causing her painful death.
Labour leader will allow Scotland to set a more generous benefits system. Mr Miliband will hand Scottish MPs the unprecedented power to set a higher state pension and more generous dole and disability payments. He will unveil the radical proposals in his manifesto, due to be published tomorrow, as he attempts to fight back in Scotland.
The drugs were found after a flight from the Dominican Republic landed in Nice. French customs officers detained a tourist who had his name on the bag. They are satisfied he had nothing to do with smuggling the drugs.
The Death Row Records co-founder complained to Judge Ronald Coen and said he could walk. Knight, a 49-year-old diabetic with a blood clot, fell and hit his head at a previous bail hearing. His lawyer, Matt Fletcher, said authorities put Knight in the chair and chained him down as part of a 'ploy' to 'humiliate' his client.
Westerners fighting for ISIS rank well below battle-hardened foreign jihadis. They believe ultra-violence is the only way to rise up the ranks in Syria and Iraq. Most common job for Western jihadis is guarding prisoners in ISIS jails. One former prisoner revealed thousands of Europeans have been shocked to find themselves marginalised within an organisation where Iraqi and Saudi nationals rule.
Laura Everley, 36, had experienced bloating, back pain and constipation. She also frequently needed to urinate and had to go to the loo frequently. But she put the symptoms down to irritable bowel syndrome and endometriosis. Idly scrolling Facebook one evening, she spotted a post describing all her symptoms and realised she had them all. Tests later revealed she had an aggressive ovarian tumour. She underwent a hysterectomy to remove her womb and ovaries. Doctors then discovered the cancer had already begun to spread. She is now undergoing chemotherapy and doctors are confident she can beat it.
Yvonne Deegan, 77, said she was 'perfectly happy' with the care provided by Dr Rory Lyons. Her husband Bernie Deegan, 70, died suddenly earlier this year following a 12-year cancer battle. Police told Mrs Deegan that his death is one of four on the small island of Alderney being investigated as part of a probe into Dr Lyons.
Colleen Ann Harris, known to family as 'Grandma Cokie', was found guilty of first-degree murder on Wednesday. Robert Harris, 72, was found dead from a shotgun blast at the couple's home in 2013. Colleen Harris was charged in the 1985 shotgun killing of her then-husband, 46-year-old James Batten, but jurors acquitted her.
Doaa and Umm were smuggled from Raqqa to southern Turkey earlier this year. The pair said they used to be heavily involved in punishing others. They gave 60 lashes to those who tried to flee and 40 to those who didn't dress properly. Now the pair are scared they will be discovered by ISIS fighters.
Federal health officials say 106 passengers and six crew members aboard the Celebrity Infinity cruise ship were sickened by the gastrointestinal illness norovirus. The Centers for Disease Control and Prevention (CDC) said in a Monday news release there were 2117 total passengers on the ship and 964 total crew members. The main symptoms for those affected were diarrhea and throwing up. Celebrity Cruises, part of Royal Caribbean Cruises Ltd., said only 99 passengers and 1 crew member became sick.
Officer Luke Watson dyed his hair pink in support of the annual Day of Pink event held on April 8 across Canada. Officer Ryan Willmer posted a picture of Luke with pink hair on Twitter, promising that a series of images of Luke with pink hair would follow if the first image was retweeted 500 times.
Kim, 34, shared her beauty essentials on Instagram. Protects skin with £65 ($96) Creme de la Mer SPF 30 UV Protecting Fluid. Also uses rose water mist and Clarisonic cleansing system.
Gavin Thorman, 36, ran drugs empire from HMP Altcourse in Liverpool. He boasted in Welsh he would make'millions' when he got out of jail. Drugs worth £200,000, luxury cars, guns and even a boat seized by police. Thorman jailed for 12 years after admitting conspiracy to supply cocaine and cannabis.
Blake Cronkhite, 5, and Jayden Secrest, 3, died in pond accident in Placer County, California. The boys' father, Brandon Cronkhite, jumped into the water and pulled the children ashore but could not revive them. In California, young children are permitted to ride ATVs on private property.
The luxurious Ulusaba Game Reserve is in South Africa's Sabi Sands. It is Sir Richard Branson's private reserve. Kutner came face to face with three rhinos, along with documenting the roar of a bush lion and the prowl of a glorious leopard.
The 54-year-old actress makes the revelation in the latest issue of Marie Claire's career-oriented supplement @Work. In the fourth season of Veep, Julia's character Selina Meyer has been promoted from Vice President to President.
The Kentucky senator announced this morning that he would compete for the Republican nomination for president in 2016. His campaign store has expanded to include an array of unconventional SWAGs, including the 'NSA Spy Cam Blocker' and 'Rand on a Stick' posters. Paul will spend the rest of the week rallying supporters in early presidential primary states New Hampshire, South Carolina, Iowa and Nevada.
Duke and Duchess of Cambridge moved back to Kensington Palace on Sunday night. Came a few minutes' drive from the private Lindo Wing at St Mary's, Paddington. William has completed his latest stage of his training as a pilot with East Anglia Air Ambulance (EAAA) 'Earlier than expected' - and will not be required to embark on final stage until June 1. Until today he had been expected to still be working around the time his wife is expecting their new baby. Will now take the next month and a half off as unpaid leave, with immediate effect.
Alan Rogers, 73, smashed the skull of Fred Hatch, 76, with a claw hammer. Mr Hatch's wife Enid went looking for her husband after he failed to return home. Rogers then calmly called the police and told them: 'I have just killed one of my neighbours and I have hit his head with a hammer' Rogers later told police he had killed his neighbour because he was involved in modern 'witchcraft'
Cecil Rhodes is a 19th century British imperialist who helped pave the way for apartheid in South Africa. His supporters say he brought political and physical infrastructure to the country. Critics say his actions laid the groundwork for apartheid by restricting the rights of black Africans to work. University's council heard that black students felt uncomfortable because of the statue.
Police were called to a reported break in at a house in Hagerstown, Maryland before using a Taser on a black man who was staggering around outside. The man, who has not yet been identified, was said to be under the influence of drugs before police used a Taser and he was pronounced dead at a local hospital. Witnesses said the officers acted professionally in taking Brown down as he cursed at police and ignored their commands to get down.
The Optimal case was designed by Israel-based Amited. Sensors in the case monitor the phone's temperature. If it gets too hot, Optimal will cool the device using two built-in micro-fans. And if it gets too cold, Anti-Freeze mode will heat the phone using resistance coils. Alternatively, the phone can use Optimal's built-in battery as a backup.
Charlene Mess, 48, was arrested on Monday after her husband of 30 years, 52-year-old Douglas Mess, was found killed at their farm in Attica, New York. State police troopers went to the home after the couple's son, Douglas Mess, Jr., 29, reported that his father was missing. It took seven hours to locate his body, which was concealed in a mound of manure at the back of the 300-acre farm. Mrs Mess was charged with second-degree murder and has been arraigned.
Bridget Klecker, 42, died on Friday after being struck by a vehicle fleeing the police in San Francisco. The car sped off with police in pursuit and struck a woman in a crosswalk, killing her. Witnesses who were riding a cable car saw the black sedan go airborne, and the windshield was badly damaged. The car later hit a second pedestrian and then crashed into another car before slipping away from police in the South of Market neighborhood. The suspects have committed several armed robberies during the last three days, including three on Friday night alone.
Victoria Wasteney, 38, was a senior occupational therapist at a secure psychiatric hospital in east London. She became friendly with Enya Nawaz, then 25, and offered to pray for her. Miss Nawaz made a formal complaint, and Miss Wasteney was suspended. She was given a written warning for misconduct and invited to church. Miss Nawaz made a formal complaint, and Miss Wasteney was suspended for nine months. Miss Wasteney launched her own employment tribunal against the NHS in January.
Luxury yacht was stopped as it approached the Italian coast. Police arrested three Syrian men who were at the helm of the vessel. They are thought to have charged migrants $8,500 (£5,700) each for the journey. Police estimate the cargo was worth around £536,000 to the organisers.
Last month a court ruled Richard Lapointe, a former dishwasher, was deprived of a fair trial for the 1987 killing. On Friday a judge ordered him to be freed on $25,000 cash bail. During a press conference he said he'd always dreamed of going home. His attorney said he will stay under a 7pm to 7am curfew with a couple in East Hartford.
Tim Tebow will sign with the Philadelphia Eagles on Monday, just in time for the start of the off-season program. The agreement with Tebow, 27, stems from a framework that was put into place when he worked out with the team last month. Tebow's last regular-season NFL game appearance was in December 2012 with the New York Jets.
Bradford Brewing Company saw a spike in sales following online row. Owner Matthew Halliday said throngs of people have turned up at Brewfactory bar. Row started after brewing firm asked George Galloway if he was'still a thing' Galloway hit back saying: 'Well then, I shall return to this matter after the election'
Philip Glenister and Ant Anstead return for second series of For The Love of Cars. The Channel 4 programme celebrates the duo's love affair with classic cars. Each episode looks at the history of various types of vehicles. The finished products are then auctioned off at the end of every programme.
Gold and silver bars had been loaded in Murmansk onto a former Irish Sea ferry. The case was being transferred to the U.S. as payment for arms shipped to Russia. But as a delicate operation began to transfer the cases of treasure onto a waiting boat, one slipped and fell into the muddy waters. The incident has only come to light thanks to a secret diary kept by one of the Ulster Queen's engineers.
Education Secretary says Ukip leader Nigel Farage is 'not my cup of tea' Would question whether she was 'happy to serve' with the Eurosceptic party. David Cameron has urged Ukip supporters to 'come home' to the Tories. But he has stopped short of ruling out having to rely on the Eurosceptic party.
Dr Teresa Belton believes there are many simple things that can boost happiness. These include inviting a lonely person out to tea and joining a choir. She also suggests making lists of things that you are grateful for.
The Nefertiti lift is the latest celebrity beauty craze. It's designed to firm your jaw line. Dr Barbara Kubicka sees a host of celebrities at her Knightsbridge clinic.
The group of 40 visitors were given fake passports at a fake passport control. Huge posters were put up at the airport to make the group think they were in Costa Rica. Adverts for Imperial beer and 'Esencial Costa Rica' were displayed. Even fictitious immigration documents and car licence plates were created.
Billionaire Sheik Mohammed bin Rashid Al Maktoum wants to build car park. The car park will be built next to Battersea heliport by the River Thames. The car park would have two basement floors and six storeys above ground.
Ben Powers played the character of Thelma's husband Keith in the show's sixth and final season between 1978-1979. He passed away at his New Bedford, Massachusetts home on April 6 at the age of 64. His family has not revealed the cause of his death.
Log into your Google account to see what you searched for on any given date. The feature exports your searches to Google Drive in a ZIP archive, with files divided by year and quarter. Google stresses that only account holders can see their data.
Samantha Fleming, 23, went missing from her home in Anderson, Indiana, on April 5. Her body was found Friday wrapped up in plastic and doused with bleach in a home 180 miles away in Gary, Indiana. Police believe Fleming was lured there by a woman posing as a social worker. The woman convinced Fleming to come with her to Gary so she could kill her and steal the three-week-old baby, Serenity. The baby has been found safe and is in the custody of the suspect's sister.
DIY brain stimulation kits are being sold online for as little as $55 US. The devices stimulate the brain by applying electrical currents to a small region of the scalp. One site even advertises how to make your own electrodes using a household sponge.
Buenos Aires-based Tectonica is responsible for the websites of more than 200 Labour parliamentary candidates. It also designed the websites of Harriet Harman, Andy Burnham and Tristram Hunt. Tory MPs last night claimed Labour’s Argentinian link was an ‘embarrassment’ for Miliband.
Theory surfaced in letter from aviation boss Matt Andersson to FT. He says external factor like 'electronic hacking' could have been to blame. Mr Andersson says public should 'wait for through multi-party professional air safety investigation' and come to a firm conclusion. French accident investigators are clear plane 'accelerated in its descent'
Amanda Casey, also of North Carolina, was married to Michael Wilkie for four years and had a daughter with him before the couple divorced. He went on to marry his third wife, Shelby Wilkie. Michael Wilkie was found guilty of first-degree murder in January for the 2012 killing of Shelby Wilkie. He is serving a life sentence without parole.
Homaro Cantu, the owner of famed Chicago restaurant Moto, was found dead Tuesday from an apparent suicide. Cantu's body was found hanging inside of Crooked Fork Brewery, the new restaurant he was opening up with his business partner. Friends say Cantu had recently become strained by a lawsuit filed by a former investor in Moto and iNG, a restaurant he shuttered last year.
Abdul Hadi Arwani was found dead in the back seat of his black Volkswagen Passat. Syrian national was an outspoken critic of the Assad regime. The 46-year-old has been arrested on suspicion of conspiracy to murder. He is being questioned at a central London police station.
Chernae Noonan founded eyebrow shaping business The Brow Bar in 2003. She has stopped BeneFit from using the term 'Brow Bar' exclusively. The case was heard in the Australian Trade Marks Office in February. Ms Noonan said customers would confuse her business, The Brow Bar, with BeneFit Brow Bar at Myer stores.
Ivan Cameron was born with Ohtahara Syndrome, a rare brain disorder. It left him in a wheelchair, needing to be fed through a tube and suffering from cerebral palsy and severe epileptic fits. He died aged six in 2009 - what would have been his 13th birthday on Wednesday. In a tearful interview, Mrs Cameron spoke for the first time of the 'nightmare' of learning that their first child had a rare disorder which left him needing round-the-clock care.
Army psychiatrist Major Nidal Hasan opened fire on November 5, 2009. He killed 13 men and women and injured 30 others before he was shot. Authorities initially classed the mass murder as ‘workplace violence’ But it has since been acknowledged that the attack was an act of terrorism. Victims will be honored with Purple Hearts - awarded in name of President. But one victim claims he is still going without certain benefits.
Kentucky State Police received a 911 call about an intoxicated horse rider. Trooper J. Gabbard's report says that Kimmel was ordered to stop, but instead dismounted and ran away wearing only a brown hat, jeans and boots. Trooper Gababrd launched a manhunt for Kimmel and later found him on again and he resisted arrest, saying, 'I didn't do s***, I was just riding my horse' Kimmel faces DUI, fleeing or evading police, and other possible charges.
Jackson Byrnes was diagnosed with a stage four brain tumour three weeks ago. The 18-year-old was told the tumour was too deep and aggressive to operate on. His girlfriend Jahnae Jackson knew they needed a second opinion. She hunted online for a specialist who was willing to perform Jackson's surgery. The pair have raised over $80,000 from community generosity to pay for the risky operation on Wednesday. Jackson will be operated on by renowned neurosurgeon Dr Charlie Teo.
The move comes in response to an online petition posted on the White House website following the death of 17-year-old Leelah Alcorn. The transgender teen committed suicide in December and left behind writings mentioning religious therapy. White House senior adviser Valerie Jarrett said the administration supports banning so-called conversion therapy treatments for minors.
Film is about Ukrainian-born sniper Lyudmila Pavlichenko - nicknamed 'Lady Death' Pavlichenko said to have killed 309 Nazis in less than a year during battles in Odessa and the strategic city of Sevastopol on Ukraine's Crimea peninsula. Titled 'Battle for Sevastopol' in Russia but 'Indestructible' across border in Ukraine. $5m (£3m) movie launched last week with glitzy gala premieres in both Moscow and Kiev. Director Sergei Mokritsky: 'I am hoping this film will unite people and at least for two hours, for the length of this film, people can come together in
Evansville in Comanche County, Kansas, was once home to a post office, grocery store and even a school house. But now, the ghost town is a shadow of its former self, with its once-thriving commissary building in state of disrepair. However, it is still home to two final residents - rancher Larry 'Dee' Scherich and his wife, Phyllis. The Scheriches encounter only hired help in town, which previously housed headquarters of largest cattle ranch in Kansas's history.
Hollywood thriller Child 44 was due to premiere in Russia today. Told the story of a serial killer who targets children in the Stalin era. Russia's culture ministry said the film distorted history as it celebrated its victory over Nazi Germany.
Dr Adam Cobb was taken into custody on Friday in Portsmouth, New Hampshire. He was charged with receipt and distribution of child pornography. If convicted he faces 20 years' jail in the US. The 45-year-old was in the US working as a research professor at the prestigious US Naval War College in Rhode Island.
The Pulitzer prize for journalism went to The Post and Courier newspaper of Charleston, South Carolina. The paper's powerful photo series entitled 'Till Death Do Us Part' scooped the top award for its exploration into why South Carolina is among the deadliest states for women. The Pulitzer committee at Columbia University said The New York Times staff shared the prize for international reporting for its coverage of the deadly Ebola epidemic in west Africa.
Gerald Whalen visited the fast food outlet with his wife April and their two young children at around 9.30pm last Thursday. But the family meal was interrupted by sounds of what appeared to be a pornographic film being broadcast on the restaurant's television. The sex scene, which featured full nudity and strong sexual content, was screened in front of the appalled couple's 6-year-old twins.
Dr George Hamilton, the Chief Apostle of the W.O.R.D. Ministries in Summerville, South Carolina, gave fiery speech at Walter Scott's funeral. He said Scott's death was'mounted by racial discrimination' and called officer Michael Slager a 'disgrace' Scott's casket was draped in an American flag as it was taken into the church for the service. Hundreds of mourners packed inside the church, accompanied by his distraught mother.
Light aircraft reported missing 30 miles east of Oban this afternoon. Emergency call was made at 1.50pm when plane lost radar contact. Rescue teams were scrambled to the Beinn nan Lus area of Glen Kinglass. At around 8pm police discovered the bodies of two passengers. Plane was travelling from central Scotland to the island of Tiree in the Hebrides.
Harley Renshaw was diagnosed with cancer in his kidney, neck, lungs and bones. He had 80 days of intensive chemotherapy and an operation to remove his kidney tumour. He also had weeks of radiotherapy at The Christie clinic in Manchester. Harley asked if he could decorate the protective mask that holds him still while having his radiotherapy treatment like a Ninja Turtle. His story made headlines around the world and Nickelodeon even sent him a box full of Ninja Turtle presents for Christmas. Now doctors have told his parents Oliver and Stacey he is cancer-free.
A-list couple want to install air-con in five rooms at their new mansion. Neighbour was furious with the proposals, claiming it 'will affect the historic character of the Victorian house of the streets, my house included' But other locals gave their support to the Beckhams and the Royal Borough of Kensington and Chelsea Council has approved the plans.
pursuit of journalists for paying public officials in ruins after U-turn. Alison Saunders forced into humiliating climbdown after jury threw out case. Nine reporters had been accused of illegally paying public officials for information. Decision sparked ugly blame game as architects of £20m 'politically-motivated witch hunt' turned against each other.
Residents of the Charleston, South Carolina, have said the shooting of unarmed black driver Walter Scott was preceded by previous unheeded complaints about the police. The officer who shot Scott, Michael Slager, had little in his file to suggest excessive force. Both Scott and Slager, 33, were US Coast Guard veterans.
Hot Dudes With Dogs has amassed 148,000 followers since launching a month ago. Account relies on submissions via direct messages. Started by writer Kaylin Pound who also created Rich Dogs Of Instagram.
US genealogy expert traced Mrs Clinton’s roots to a mining family from Ystradyfodwg, a small community in south Wales. The district, known for its reliance on coal mining and poverty, has since been abolished and is now part of Rhondda. Mrs Clinton’s great-grandmother Mary Griffiths was born in Merthyr Tydfil in the Welsh Valleys, and from an early age supported her widowed mother.
Mackenzi Sue-Rose Miller's blood alcohol content levels were 0.114 and 0.110, while Florida's legal driving limit is 0.08. Trinity Bachmann was sitting in the road after an argument with her mother when she was killed. Trinity and her mother, Janice Pedroza, 36, were heading home from dropping one of the girl's friends off after they attended the Central Florida Fair at 8.30pm. After an argument about who would sit in the front seat, Trinity said she would walk home and got out of the vehicle. Pedroza got out of the car and tried to get Trinity to get back
Julio 'Wemo' Acevedo, 46, was found guilty of manslaughter and criminally negligent homicide in February. Nachman and Raizel Glauber, who were 7 months pregnant at the time of the accident, were killed instantly when Acevedo drove away from the scene. The couple's baby was delivered but died the next day. Acevedo has a long rap sheet including previous convictions for manslaughter as well as gun and drug offences.
Martin and Jessica Castillo, from Nuevo Laredo, Mexico, lost the ring while scuba diving during their honeymoon in Playa del Carmen in February 2013. Daniel Roark, an enthusiastic scuba diver, discovered the ring in September 2014, more than a year after it was lost. Mr Roark launched a Facebook campaign to find the couple, who were eventually told about his efforts by Mrs Castillo's cousin.
Bobby Brown appeared close to tears as he referenced his daughter's ongoing battle for her life. The former husband of Whitney Houston looked tired and grief stricken at times during his performance, his first public appearance since Bobbi Kristina fell into a coma.
Ronald Anderson, 48, was arrested after he kidnapped a woman, shot a Census Bureau guard and led police on a car chase. Anderson had previously been convicted of manslaughter and was recently arrested in an assault case involving his 'visibly afraid' girlfriend. The guard, identified as Lawrence Buckner, died at a hospital in Cheverly, Maryland, at 7:19 p.m. Thursday - his age is not known.
Shamima Begum, Amira Abase and Kadiza Sultana are believed to be living in Raqqa, Syria. They are believed to have joined the al-Khansa brigade, an all-women police force. The group has been accused of doling out savage beatings on the streets of Raqqa and spying on its citizens. Begum has forged social media links with three of the British leaders of the al-Khansa brigade. The trio are believed to be training with one of the notorious females arms of ISIS.
Ukip leader booed by voters at Westminster's Methodist Central Hall. He faced claims he blamed all of Britain's problems on migrants. Pollster ICM, which was hired by the BBC to select the audience, defends process.
Former SNP leader said Labour leader would find it difficult to avoid a deal with the Scottish nationalists in the event of hung parliament. He said all parties would have to face up to the 'electorate's judgment' after polling day on May 7. Comes after SNP leader Nicola Sturgeon warned Mr Miliband he would not be forgiven if he allowed David Cameron back into Downing Street.
Holly, 34, and Davina, 47, star in campaign for Garnier Nutrisse. Pair show off their glossy locks in the shoot. Holly recently designed vintage-inspired range for babies.
Little Rosannah Gundry was diagnosed with stage three neuroblastoma cancer in December last year. The football-sized tumour is growing around her spine and organs. Her oncologist had hoped that after four rounds of chemotherapy it would shrink to an operable size. Rosannah's last treatment was ineffective because the tumour had developed a protective barrier which meant it was immune. Her aunt Jessica Searle is now seeking treatment for her niece in the United States that is not available in Australia.
Sisters Yogita, five, and Anisha, three, and their 18-month-old brother Harsh, are among the world's heaviest young children. Weighing 5st 5lbs (34kg), 7st 8lbs (48kg) and 2st 5lbs (15kg) respectively, the food they eat in a week is enough to feed two families in a month. Father Rameshbhai Nandwana, 34, of Gurjarat, India, is planning to sell his kidney to earn the money needed to see top specialists.
Mohammed Ali Malek, 27, was arrested when he stepped onto Sicilian soil. He has been charged with multiple manslaughter, causing a shipwreck and aiding illegal immigration. Prosecutors claim he contributed to disaster by mistakenly ramming boat. As a result, the migrants shifted position on the boat, which was already off balance, causing it to overturn.
ComRes survey reveals Lib Dems are up three points to 12 per cent. It is the first time since late 2013 that UKIP has failed to outpoll the Lib Dems. Poll also gives the Tories a commanding lead on key economic issues.
Details of George Osborne's plans are unclear, but it is believed to mean that minimum wage earners wouldn't be paying any income tax. The minimum wage currently stands at £6.50 an hour, rising to £6.70 in October.
Frankie Ruttledge, 24, from Strensall, Yorkshire, weighed 18 stone 7lbs. She was a 'fat bridesmaid' three times and dropped to 12 stone in less than two years. She ditched her diet of crisps for breakfast, pork pies for lunch and frozen pizza.
Sienna, 33, is a yoga fan. Her mother started one of first London yoga schools in the Seventies. Actress also works with a personal trainer, power-walking and jogging around her local park.
Brad Allan captured the image while fishing in Cape York, far north Queensland. The 50-year-old describes it as 'the sunrise digger who's been watching over us for 100 years' It comes as travellers heading to Anzac Day events overseas have been urged to heed safety warnings and get insurance.
Dana Marie McKinnon, 24, charged with DUI manslaughter and vehicular homicide in May 2013 crash that killed Vihn Vo, 42. McKinnon was a 21-year-old college student at University of Central Florida at the time of the accident.
David Axelrod masterminded two presidential election victories for Obama. He was hired by the Labour leader amid great fanfare last year. He has helped refine Miliband’s message about tackling cost of living. But he revealed he is not resident for tax purposes in the UK.
The 12 jurors and 12 alternates were chosen on Tuesday in Arapahoe County District Court after a selection process that began on January 20. Holmes is charged with shooting dead 12 people and wounding 70 others in the July 2012 attack at a Century movie theater in Aurora, Colorado. Jurors will decide whether he was legally insane at the time.
Lack of iron, especially in women, is known to trigger hair loss. Research found women with increased hair-shedding responded well to iron supplements. Eating sufficient protein is vital to strong, healthy hair.
Northern Territory’s Chief Minister Adam Giles and Minister for Children and Families John Elferink made the threat. They made the threat after a recent rise in youth crime in Alice Springs. Parents will also be fined $298 if their child is found on the streets during school hours. Jesuit Social Services in Alice Springs, John Adams, said the government's announcement was a 'knee-jerk' reaction.
Rob MacFarlane captured photos of the raccoon on his crane after it climbed about 213 meters up. He shared the picture of 'Little Mac' on social media on Thursday morning. The crane operator said: 'It's not unusual. Raccoons seem to like cranes'
Rebecca Exton-Russell, 37, was formally a size 18 and posed in campaigns for major brands including Marks & Spencer, QVC and Dove. But the Derby-based model was secretly'repulsed' by her body. checked into a military-style fitness camp and lost just over two stone in two months. Went down from 14 stone to just below 12 stone.
Detectives raided Dr Rory Lyons' private health centre. Medical officials have suspended the 62-year-old from treating patients. Karen Cousins and Colin Cosheril were patients of the Alderney family doctor when they died.
Abdulkadir Zeyat, 45, his 43-year-old wife Antika, and their six children were all discovered at their house in the village of Alintepe. Turkish authorities believe the family, which included siblings as young as three-years-old, died of food poisoning. The only survivor was the couple's eldest son, Kemal Zeyat, 19, who had been out at work in the city of Istanbul.
Leanna Norris, 25, plied two-year-old Loh Grenada with Benedryl to make her sleep. She then covered her mouth and nose with duct tape and a blanket. The body was found in the front seat of her car in Stetson, Maine, on June 24, 2013. Norris had suffered from mental health problems including depression, and had tried to commit suicide after she killed her daughter.
Sally White, 28, rescued the animal from a bleak hillside where he was abandoned without food and water. His ribs were poking through and vets feared he would not survive more than a few days. But Sally's love and care for the skinny and mistreated horse has turned it into a magnificent steed.
Lee County Sheriff's deputies said that 54-year-old Larry McElroy fired his 9mm pistol at the animal on Sunday night when he saw the vermin in his backyard. While one bullet killed the armadillo, deputies say another bounced off the armored animal, hit a fence, traveled through the back door of the mother-in-law's mobile home and the recliner she was sitting in and struck her in the back.
Former Italian police officer Dino Maglio has been found guilty of raping a 16-year-old Australian girl. The girl reported being drugged and raped while staying at his home. Prosecutors said Maglio spiked a glass of Baileys liqueur the girl was drinking with a tranquilliser pill. Maglio claimed sex with the girl, who was under-age at the time, was consensual but admitted he was ‘stupid’ to spike her drink. He has been sentenced to six and a half years in prison.
Ethical Maldives Alliance is encouraging tourists to boycott 'high risk' resorts. The group has colour-coded the hotels into three categories. Those to be avoided are labelled red, those coded as green are considered to be 'low risk' and orange hued businesses are 'under consideration'
Asda has recalled the Little Angels 2 Newborn Soothers 0+ over a choking risk. Comes after a customer complained that the teat detached from the hard casing of one of the dummies. Customers are being asked to either dispose of the products or return them to an Asda store, where they will be given a full refund. Recall is the second time in two years that the supermarket has recalled a dummy.
Lizzy Hawker entered the 2005 Ultra-Trail du Mont-Blanc on a whim. She would go on to become Britain’s most distinctive female ‘ultra runner’ Her book is strong on Buddhist philosophy and the peace that comes with living fully in the now.
The first lady made a special appearance on Live! With Kelly and Michael broadcast from the White House on Monday. Although Malia receives protection from the Secret Service, Mrs. Obama revealed that she does get to drive outside the White House grounds on her own.
Rape Crisis London has launched the #ThisDoesn'tMeanYes movement. Aims to stamp out any suggestion that a woman can be blamed for her attack because of her choice in clothing. A photographer captured 2,000 pictures of 200 women in London as part of the campaign.
Former Northern Territory politician Matthew Gardiner has reportedly been detained at Darwin airport. The 43-year-old is believed to have been fighting ISIS in the Middle East. In January the senior NT Labor party figure fled the country with plans to join Kurdish militants. He arrived at Darwin airport early on Sunday morning after flying from the Middle East via Sweden and Singapore.
David Cameron will today claim that Labour's economic policies risk putting a million people out of work. Will vow to encourage more job creation by extending national insurance breaks. Will hail the 'jobs miracle' that has seen 1,000 new jobs created every day.
The new collagen-laced brew, created by Japanese liquor company Suntory, boasts a five per cent alcohol content level and claims to have two grams of collagen per can. The company has yet to reveal how effective the beer has been in trials, or how much it costs.
The fishermen release a cormorant bird, which then dives into the water and retrieves a carp, returning it to the fisherman's reed raft. The stunning images were captured on the River Li in Guilin, China, by Russian photographer Viktoriia Rogotneva.
The Keukenhof Gardens in Lisse, the Netherlands, is one of the world's most beautiful gardens. In Kanazawa, Japan, it's traditionally during the first half of the month of April for the cherry blossoms to bloom. In Caceres, Spain, the rolling plains of Caceres are never more beautiful than when in full springtime bloom.
Lingerie tycoon, 43, bought the three-bedroom property in Circus Park area of Glasgow for £780,700 in 2011. She spent months renovating the period two-storey townhouse, described by estate agents as an 'outstanding interior designed luxury home' It features a grand staircase and magnificent reception hall leading to a modern fully integrated kitchen and drawing room. Master suite comes with it's own wet room and the views expand over the residents central gardens.
Gold Coast City Council will be able to shut down illegal party houses in suburban areas after the state government approved new planning powers. There are more than 700 party houses across the city, which are often used for unruly weekend-long parties. Neighbours have complained about noise, nudity, lewd behaviour and violence at the houses.
Rare photos of Captain Robert Scott’s doomed expedition to the South Pole are among the items expected to fetch tens of thousands of pounds. More than 250 fascinating and eclectic objects – with estimated values of £500 to £30,000 – will go under the hammer at Christie’s South Kensington. The one-off, travel-themed auction is drawing interest from collectors and those with wanderlust.
Royal Norfolk estate's trophy room was a relic of a bygone era. But now the age of political correctness has caught up with the estate. Every last piece of hunting memorabilia has been removed from public display.
Mohamed Soltan, 27, and 36 others were given life sentences on Saturday. Found guilty of plotting unrest against military-backed government in July 2013. Soltan has been on a hunger strike protesting his arrest for more than 14 months. His father Salah Soltan was a member of banned Muslim Brotherhood. Mohamed Badie, spiritual leader of the group, was also sentenced to death.
Jaclyn Methuen, 30, and Ryan Ranellone, 29, have only been married for seven days, but they already have a crush on each other. Meanwhile, the other newlyweds seem to be growing apart from each other.
Five Afghan men found hiding in the back of a refrigerated lorry in Gloucestershire. It is thought they had travelled 200 miles across the Channel from Belgium. Police sniffer dogs were used to find the men, who had wrapped themselves in hats and scarves in the cold.
Police have revealed that they believe missing toddler William Tyrell may be alive. This comes as the three-year-old's mother spoke out about the moment she realised her son had vanished. 'I just walked out and just I see nothing, I hear nothing, I'm speechless. I'm walking around in a circle on the spot thinking where is he? And I'm yelling out, "William, where are you?",' she said. Police have released new pictures and home videos of the boy in the hope that new clues will emerge as to his whereabouts.
Unique event happened in an ancient cluster of stars at the edge of the Milky Way galaxy. White dwarf star is the dense core of a star like the Sun that has run out of nuclear fuel.
Natalie Bennett said the so-called ‘citizens income’ would take longer than five years to bring in, and could take even longer. She said another Green pledge – to dismantle the Armed Forces and use weapons factories to build wind turbines – was also a ‘long-term aspiration’ And the party’s policy of leaving Nato and abandoning nuclear weapons was ‘many decades into the future’
Around 650 foreign entrants, three times more than last year, joined in today's event under the constant watch of soldiers. The event - which only opened its doors to non-local amateurs in 2014 - was founded in 1981 in the single-party country. Photographs of this year's event were submitted by people from Koryo Tours who flouted the ban to secretly snap the runners on their smartphones.
Mercedes-Benz Fashion Week Australia came to a close on Thursday night. Johanna Johnson closed the week with her Hollywood-inspired Sirens' Call presentation.
The company said the total number of containers in the recall comes to 'approximately 30,000' Only five batches of hummus are being recalled - and only the company's Classic Hummus. 'To date, no other Sabra product is affected by this recall,' the company said.
Heather Mack, 19, smiled and laughed as she cradled baby Stella in her arms. She is accused of murdering her mother, Sheila von Wiese-Mack, in Bali. Mack and her boyfriend, Tommy Schaefer, are on trial for the murder. Prosecutors have asked judges to jail Mack for 15 years and Schaefer for 18. Teenager has previously said that her smile is a 'disguise' to survive in Bali.
Sue Sharp was shocked to find a stamp on the joint saying it had come from New Zealand. Asda said the mislabelled lamb was a one-off and that the gaffe was the result of human error. But Mrs Sharp has questioned the claim and is warning other shoppers to be extra vigilant when choosing their joints of meat.
Steve and Sarah Nick built up the huge arsenal after it was claimed they stole more than $50,000. Many of the weapons were legally owned, but the couple are accused of plundering Mrs Nick's 67-year-old mother's savings to fund the potentially deadly haul. Police raided their home in Davison Township, Michigan, after concerns were raised by adult protective services.
A majority of the public does not want Camilla to become queen, poll reveals. Only 43% believe he should ascend to the throne compared to almost identical number saying he should stand aside in favour of Prince William. William and Prince Harry are the most popular members of the Royal Family, closely followed by the Queen and the Duchess of Cambridge.
Ashleigh Sokie was asked to wash Niall Horan's clothes while he was in Georgia. The 20-year-old then decided to try on the singer's polo shirt for size herself. She posted a picture of herself wearing the top on Twitter and claimed to have taken his underwear as a trophy.
Up to 21 million acres of jungle will be torn down to make way for rubber plantations in the next decade alone. The demand is putting endangered gibbons, leopards and elephants in south east Asia at risk.
Nicola Sturgeon booed as she refused to rule out second independence vote. Two years ago, she said: 'We always said it's a once in a generation thing' But last night, she said she respected last year's result and would not call for another plebiscite in SNP manifesto for Westminster election in May.
William Kerr, 53, was released from prison on licence on January 23. He is believed to have travelled to London after disappearing from Hull. Kerr was jailed for 17 years for the murder of Maureen Comfort in 1996. Crimestoppers is offering a reward for information leading to his arrest.
A recent study found that a third of Australian women are not finding time for their hobbies and passions. The survey of 1,025 Australian parents also found that 85 per cent of younger Australians, specifically GenY respondents, said they have stopped pursing interests that they are passionate about. Happiness Institute wellness expert Dr Paula Watkins says it's important to create space for the things we love to be happy.
Kevin Russ traveled from California to Colorado, making his way through Arizona, Texas and New Mexico. Russ lived in his car for a year as he took photographs of the Great American West on his iPhone in 2013, and soon became a huge hit on Instagram.
Britain last year produced more than 1.5 million cars – the most since 2007. We are poised to overtake France and become the second biggest car manufacturing power in Europe. The problem with Ed Miliband is that he wants to take the country back to the 1970s.
Joe Anderson, 56, claimed £4,500 per year from Chesterfield High School. Mayor of Liverpool said he provided school with 'kudos' for being linked to him. Attempted to sue school for discrimination after it stopped payments in 2011. But employment tribunal ruled against him and case was also rejected.
Andreas Lubitz, who crashed Germanwings Flight 9525, had been treated for psychiatric illness, it later emerged. It sparked a debate over whether privacy laws regarding medical records should be less strict when it comes to professions that carry special responsibilities. Frank Ulrich Montgomery, president of the German Medical Association (BK), believes current laws are appropriate. If confidentiality between patients and doctors is breached, patients will no longer trust their doctors.
Ronnie Carroll died two days after getting on the election ballot paper. Due to stand as an independent, Mr Carroll was 80 and had contested elections before. He died following a battle with cancer, during which a friend handed in his nomination papers as he was too ill to do so himself.
Half of hospitals are letting patients jump NHS queues for cataract surgery. Some are charging up to a'shameful' £2,700 for one eye - treble what it costs. Cataract treatment is being rationed in England to save money.
The study was conducted by scientists at Purdue University in Indiana. They were investigating how to reduce bird to aircraft collisions. Research showed that birds responded most to blue lights on planes. Authors suggest runways could be synced with aircraft to alert birds to incoming planes and avoid collisions. And they say their method could even help birds avoid collisions with buildings and wind turbines by also covering them in blue lights.
Waheed Ahmed, 21, is the son of Labour councillor Shakil Ahmed. He was arrested at Birmingham Airport in the early hours of this morning. Ahmed deported by Turkish authorities and flown back to Britain last night. Eight of his relatives were stopped on the Turkish border with Syria on April 1. They included four children aged one, three, eight and 11.
Fireman Stephen Hunt, 38, died tackling blaze at Paul's Hair World in 2013. Teenager is said to have dropped a cigarette near shop's fire exit. Box is said to have rolled underneath door and set boxes alight. She was originally charged with arson being reckless as to whether life was endangered, but was cleared having been due to stand trial on Monday. Judge Michael Henshell said she was 'guilty only of being careless'
PETA released a confronting campaign accusing the wool industry of barbaric treatment of their sheep. The Victorian Farming Federation launched an official complaint to the Advertising Standards Bureau on Monday. The campaign shows vegan guitarist Jona Weinhofen, holding a severed lamb actually made of foam. Many have taken to social media to voice their disgust at the'misleading' and 'inaccurate' advertisment.
Lee Allan Bonneau, 6, died from blunt force trauma to the head in August 2013 following a savage attack on a reservation in Saskatchewan. A 10-year-old boy, identified in court documents as L.T., reportedly admitted to killing Lee Bonneau and crushing his head after initially blaming a stranger for the slaying. Lee had been removed from the home of his biological mother, Stacey Merk, just two and a half months before his death.
NBC News has changed its account of how chief foreign correspondent Richard Engel was kidnapped in Syria in 2012. Broadcaster had previously said it was carried out by forces associated with President Bashar al-Assad. But Mr Engel has revealed following analysis of his kidnapping it is likely the men that took him were in fact a Sunni group. They had tried to convince their victims that they were Shi-ite rebels affiliated to the Government.
Kai Windsor started life as a girl - and knew from the age of three that he had been born into the wrong body. Christened Kaia, he would shun traditional girls’ toys in favour of kicking a ball around. By four, he refused to wear dresses – and at six he wanted his hair cut short and developed a boyish awkwardness around girls. By nine, he had finally broken the truth to his mother Rachel, 37, telling her: ‘I’m really a boy’ Now, at the age of ten, Kai is set to undergo hormone treatment to halt puberty to stop him developing into a
Dietrich Evans, 22, arrested on suspicion of shooting Kay Hafford, 28. Ms Hafford was shot in the back of the head but was able to pull over and call for help. Evans, a documented gang member, is being held on $250,000 bond.
iRobot has submitted a request to use airwaves for its latest design. It wants to create lawnmowers that are guided wirelessly from beacons on poles stuck into the lawn. But the National Radio Astronomy Observatory claims the machines will interfere with its sensitive radio telescopes which pick up signs of alien life. iRobot says its vision is to create lawnmowers that are guided wirelessly from beacons on poles stuck into the lawn.
Johanna Johnson closed Mercedes-Benz Fashion Week Australia 2015. Her collection, 'Sirens' Call', was inspired by the Great Gatsby. The designer said she wanted to 'bring a little bit of Hollywood to Sydney' Johnson is set to open a flagship store in Sydney next month.
American bulldog Winston has terrorised postmen in Blackburn, Lancashire. Barking and biting staff have led to a 14 month ban on postal deliveries. But now owner Hayley Sandiford has been evicted from her social housing. She must find a new home for the dog by 4pm on April 30 or lose her house.
Lisa Skinner, 52, shot the male home invader after he broke into the house she shared with her mother around 6 p.m. Police said Mr Skinner was armed with both a pistol and a large knife. His injuries are life threatening but she is expected to survive. Officers say Mrs Skinner armed herself with a shotgun then went into the garage, where he followed her and aimed his pistol at her. She then opened fire with a shotgun, hitting him in the chest, causing life-threatening injuries. Officers from Huntsville police arrived on scene and heard gunshots ring out and saw Mrs Skinner in the garage holding
Budi was rescued from a chicken coop in Borneo, Indonesia, last December. He was dying from malnutrition and was too weak to move. Now, he has found love with eight-month-old Jemmi at the International Animal Rescue's orangutan center in Indonesia. Indeed, video footage shows the duo throwing adoring glances at each other as they share a dinner of fruit.
A video of a crocodile swimming through a marina with a dead dog has been viewed more than 500,000 times online. Tourist Tim Weston was on holiday in Puerto Vallarta with his wife when he saw the alarming sight. The large croc proudly held on to its catch for hours as it lurked around the Puerto Vallarta marina, in Mexico.
The Directorate of Religious Affairs for Turkey stated that the use of the material for hygiene is acceptable but water was preferable. Islamic teachings traditionally state that followers should use water to clean themselves after going to the toilet. Use of the left hand or three stones was also permissible.
Some astrophysicists have suggested that magnetism might have been responsible for aligning and then binding together rocks into larger boulders during the early stages of planet formation. But measurements made by the European space probe Philae, which landed on comet 67P in November, show the comet's core isn't magnetised.
Two 17-year-old boys arrested on suspicion of preparing to travel to Syria. A 39-year-old man also detained on suspicion of fundraising for terrorism. All three are currently in custody in a West Midlands police station. West Midlands Police says there is no immediate risk to the public.
Sebastian Thrun founded the Google X laboratory where the Internet search giant has developed Google Glass and driverless cars. Said it was often difficult to grasp concepts before they come to fruition. But he said that, much like data is now routinely transmitted via computers, the same may soon be true for full personalities.
Cate McGregor was surprised when she was unconditionally backed by the cricket community and the Australian Army. It took less than an hour for the federal Liberal leader to call Ms McGregor after she forwarded the chapter of her book that outed her. Ms McGregor - now Group Captain in the Royal Australian Air Force - spent 40 years in the Army, most of those under the name Malcolm. In 2012, after years of drowning agonising pain with alcohol and drugs, McGregor stopped 'functioning' as a man and chose to live as a woman.
Hafeez Batthi, 33, and his wife, Khalida, 26, were verbally abused on a Sydney train on Wednesday afternoon. Stacey Eden, 23, overheard the ranter insulting the Muslim couple as 'ISIS terrorists' and was recorded on video standing up for the couple. Mr Bhatti said he will be pressing charges on the woman once she is identified. NSW police sources told Daily Mail Australia a formal investigation is 'definitely' under way into Wednesday's incident.
The musicians have joined forces calling for the equal rights of transgender inmates in response to allegations of mistreatment at a Georgia prison. Last week, the US Justice Department said prison officials must treat an inmate’s gender identity condition just as they would treat any other medical or mental health condition. A February lawsuit from the Southern Poverty Law Center filed against Georgia Department of Corrections officials on behalf of Ashley Diamond.
Dr. Nikita Levy was fired from Johns Hopkins in 2013 after it was discovered he had surreptitiously videotaped and photographed thousands of women during gynecological exams. The attorneys had originally asked for a 35 percent settlement fee, however the ruling by a Baltimore judge means they will only receive 17.25 per cent. In his order the judge praised the attorneys for achieving 'extraordinary results,' and called the settlement 'unprecedented'
The family of three had arrived in Paris after Nori was baptised in Jerusalem. Paris is a favourite city of Kanye and Kim's where they enjoyed the first half of their wedding celebrations.
The mystery of a dead man's body washed up on a beach 67 years ago may be solved thanks to the technological advances in DNA testing. People walking along Somerton Beach, southwest of Adelaide, found a deceased fully-clothed man aged about 45 lying on the shore on December 1, 1948. A post-mortem determined that the man had died of poisoning but police and coronial investigations were unable to identify the body. A handwritten note found hidden in the pocket of a man's trousers did not provide any clues to the identity of the body.
The 630ft New York Wheel will be able to carry as many as 1,400 passengers. Ticket prices will range from an estimated $25 to $30 (£17 to £20) Dubai's observation wheel will stand 690ft tall when it is complete.
Scientists have developed a device that clips onto the camera of a smartphone. It uses microbeads that bind to cancerous cells in a tissue or blood sample. These beads alter the way light passes through the sample by scattering it. This can be detected by a central computer that looks for these distinctive patterns. Each test costs around £1.20 ($1.80) and results can be sent in 45 minutes. Device could be used to screen for other types of cancers and infectious diseases like HIV, TB and Ebola.
Jerry Grayson set himself the task of tracking down every aircraft he ever flew. The 59-year-old was once the youngest pilot to join the navy. Was responsible for saving 15 yachtsmen during Fastnet Yacht Race in 1979.
Nyia Parler, 41, 'left her quadriplegic son, 21, in a pile of wet leaves with a Bible and a blanket in Cobb Creek Park in Philadelphia last Friday' She 'took her new boyfriend to visit her in Maryland and told relatives the boy was with her' But the boy's school had asked about his absences and he was found alone. Parler, who is in hospital for undisclosed reasons, has now been charged with attempted murder.
The box truck collided with a car on Interstate 93 southbound in the city's Dorchester neighborhood at about 6am. Both drivers were taken to hospital with non-life-threatening injuries. As officials didn't want to risk running trains under the over-hanging truck, replacement shuttle buses were run for southbound passengers.
David Cameron wades into long-running debate over the Devon and Cornish way. Prime Minister risks wrath of purists by claiming 'it all tastes the same' He was campaigning in Devon, where he must win several seats.
Martin Alvarado Jr. was watching Edwin Eli O'Reilly at his home in Cicero, Illinois last Thursday when he allegedly became enraged that the toddler urinated on him. He'repeatedly hit the child, causing multiple blunt force trauma' The medical examiner ruled the death a homicide.
Venessa Harris was diagnosed with a rare form of bone cancer on January 5. The 12-year-old was diagnosed after suffering a fall and leg pain. Venessa was named international winner in the Tamblyn Young Model Discovery contest in September. The win meant Venessa was signed by Tamblyn who would help her learn how to succeed in her chosen career.
Liberty Baker, 14, was walking to school when she was hit by Robert Blackwell. Blackwell, 19, lost control of his car and ploughed into the schoolgirl. He had been smoking cannabis the day before and was texting at the time. Blackwell, of Bampton, Oxfordshire, has been jailed for four years.
Deanna Rudison, 55, charged with aggravated battery in Monday morning's incident at Quick Stop gas station in New Orleans. Rudison's son, 27-year-old Jonathan Rudison, was with her and allegedly took part in the attack on the two Cohen High School students.
Teenager ordered poison off the 'dark web' which is not indexed by search engines. He was unaware online requests were being tracked by anti-terror officers. He pleaded guilty to trying to buy the toxin at Manchester Youth Court. But he claimed he was attempting to buy poison because he wanted to commit suicide and was sentenced to a 12 month referral order.
Kelsey Higley, 22, studied art media at the University of Oklahoma. Her project, entitled 'Manipulation', shows her body digitally altered according to beauty trends. At its most extreme, she has a tiny waist, large breasts and large eyes.
Micha Stunz, 45, has a 9 inch-long, 3.5 inch penis that now weighs between 7.5 – 9.5lbs, between 3 and 4.3kg, he claims. He had his penis enlarged with silicone injections 20 years ago. Mr Stunz has had four procedures which involved injecting silicone into his penis and scrotum. Dr Aref el Seweife, a urologist in Berlin, warns that an injecting silicone into the penis can lead to an enlarged artery in the scrotum and the testicles die.
A man called Alex posted a video on YouTube in which he asked questions. He asked Siri in Russian 'Is gay marriage normal?' and 'How do you register a gay marriage in England?' Apple's personal assistant told him 'I believe this emotion should be considered negative' Alex says in the video: 'Why is its Russian Siri so homophobic?'
IpsosMori interviewed almost 100 candidates from the major parties. Not one Labour candidate listed the government spending or the deficit. Not one Conservative candidate mentioned inequality, housing or austerity.
Rebecca and husband Harry are expecting their first child in June. They stayed at the luxurious Anantara the Palm Jumeirah. The hotel is part of The Palm project.
David Cameron admits Boris Johnson is aiming to be next Tory leader. Prime Minister says the London Mayor has'suddenly realised' he is not his 'competition' He names Theresa May, George Osborne and Johnson as possible successors.
Detective Constable Ciara Campbell is accused of spying on her ex-partner PC Stuart Swarbrick 200 times between January 2013 and January 2014. The 43-year-old also spied on PC Swarbrick's new girlfriend Alice Coxhead. Liverpool Crown Court heard Campbell denies three counts of unlawfully obtaining personal data and eight offences of unauthorised access to computer material.
Supermarket has published a list of healthy tips on its staff website. Industry insiders say it is part of a move to smarten up Tesco stores.
Angela Linton was banned from her son's school after abusing staff. She then wrote a homophobic message directed at a gay teacher. The 47-year-old was given a community order and fined £185.
Prince Andrew has personally changed the fate of more than 100 girls. Rescued from brothels and domestic servitude, they've been taught tailoring. Their kimonos, duster coats, pyjamas, scarves and make-up bags are sold online and on the British High Street by Topshop.
The Federal Court ruled on Tuesday that Australian internet companies, including iiNet and other ISPs, should hand over the names and addresses of 4,726 people who illegally shared the film. Internet companies iiNet, Internode, Amnet Broadband, Dodo Services, Adam Internet and Wideband Networks were all affected by the ruling. Justice Nye Perram said the details of each individual had to be kept private by the studio.
Dr Zoe Waller, 31, suffers from the skin condition dermatographia. This is where a raised, itchy rash appears on the skin at slightest pressure. It is thought to be caused when the cells under the surface of the skin release histamines as part of an allergic reaction, causing the skin to swell. Whenever Dr Waller draws on the skin, her condition means raised red weals appear and she can create designs.
Tony Orrell, 56, from Feltham, Middlesex, weighed 38st and was XXXXXXXXL. His wife Debbie, also 56, tipped the scales at 18st and was size XXXXL. The determined pair have now lost a combined weight of 29st since 2012.
Small CubeSats will be part of the historic test flight in 2018. One mission will fly by a small asteroid, taking pictures and making observations. Lunar Flashlight will scout for locations on the lunar surface that are rich in resources that, once broken down into their component molecules, could be used in future exploration. BioSentinel will use yeast to detect, measure, and compare the impact of deep space radiation on living organisms over long durations beyond Low-Earth Orbit.
The Block’s South Yarra apartments are set to go under the hammer later this month. The four Darling Street apartments have been valued between $1.3 million and $1.5 million by listing agents. Thousands of fans will finally get the opportunity to see the four trendy Darling Street apartments for themselves. Realtors have been running VIP showings since construction wrapped up to give genuine buyers a feel of the renovated homes.
Britain ranked only the 27th best country in the world for health and wellness. Obesity levels were main factor pushing the UK down the health rankings. Overall, the UK came 11th in the table of countries with the highest standards of prosperity, health and tolerance.
Check It is the only documented gang of gay and transgender youths in America. More than 200 members, aged 14 to 22, live in 'brutal' north-east neighborhood. They have faced discrimination throughout their lives, including being shot at. But now, they are fighting to break cycle of poverty and violence in Washington. They have set up their own clothing label and are putting on fashion shows. Filmmakers are raising money to help fund final editing stages of the film.
Michael Rapiejko was accused of approaching Luis Colon as he got out of his car in October 2005, pointing a gun at him and threatening to shoot him. The plaintiff, Luis Colon, also claimed that Rapiejko choked him and ordered that he get back into his car. The city of New York settled with Colon for $20,000 under the condition that he dismiss all other claims. This as Rapiejko is under fire for using possible excessive force when he mowed down an armed suspect in his police vehicle.
Supermarket launched 'Fresh in our Memories' last week. It invited Aussies to upload images to remember those who fought for their country. The campaign was branded 'disrespectful' and 'disgusting' by social media users. Woolworths has since been forced to halt the campaign.
Edward’s Snow Den has appeared in the US President’s headquarters. It was listed as a snowboard shop, open between 5am and 11pm. Several reviews appeared underneath the listing, including one which described it as a ‘great source of classified information’
The Merfin is a rubber monofin that mimics the experience of swimming like a mermaid. The brainchild of Australian freediver Kazzie Mahina, the product has taken off around the world. The novelty swimming product has arrived on UK shores and retails at £99.
Binmen said bag of Walkers prawn cocktail crisps fell foul of recycling rules. It had been dropped there by a litterbug and not by the owner of the bin. Elsewhere they left another bin full of rubbish because of a scrap of cellophane. Angry residents in Farnham, Surrey, have branded waste collection squads as 'little Hitlers' for enforcing recycling rules to the letter.
Michael Owen and Kyle Careford were killed in the early hours of Sunday. Mr Owen, 21, was preparing for his daughter Lily-Rose's fifth birthday. The father-of-one's family have paid tribute to him as a 'brilliant father' Mr Careford, 21, is thought to have died just days before turning 21.
Nikki Thomas, 27, from South Wales, appeared on This Morning. Her sister Jenna was murdered by Philip Packer in a jealous rage in 2009. She had started a relationship with him when she was a teenager. He would ring 300-400 times a day and there were also texts and visits. Nikki said she wishes she had urged her sister to put a stop to his behaviour.
Jesse Willesee is the son of TV veteran Terry Willesee. He was arrested at Sydney Town Hall for smoking weed on Monday. His girlfriend Jasmine Dinjar has posted provocative images of her promoting the use of cannabis on social media. Jasmine lit up a joint as part of their celebrations. The couple are partners in crime to push their cause to legalise marijuana.
Obama has held just seven state dinners in his first six years in office. Truman held six dinners during nearly eight years in office. The State Department pays the entire tab, which averaged about $500,000 each for Obama's seven dinners.
Stephen Dodd took a photograph of Asif Bodi and Abubakar Bhula praying at Anfield last month. The incident took place during Liverpool's game against Blackburn Rovers. Liverpool FC is investigating, saying discrimination will not be tolerated.
Study found link between belief in God and other societal characteristics, such as a strong social hierarchy. It implies emergence of religion arises from mixture of ecological, historical, and cultural factors. Team used historical, social, and ecological data, such as plant growth, rain and temperature, for 583 societies to illustrate the relationship between belief in moralising, high gods.
Andy Murray will marry long-term girlfriend Kim Sears next week. The couple will tie the knot at Dunblane Cathedral in Scotland. Murray has revealed he has left the majority of wedding planning to his fiancee. The 27-year-old admitted he 'couldn't care less' about finer details of the day.
The 44-year-old Mad Men star was a member of the Sigma Nu fraternity at the University of Texas at Austin in 1990. According to arrest warrants, Hamm and seven other frat brothers beat a 21-year-old pledge with a paddle and dragged him by his genitals during a hazing ritual. The pledge's mother was later called to his apartment to find him 'hiding in a closet with his buttocks and legs black with brusises' Hamm was eventually charged with assault in 1992 but the charges were dismissed six years later.
The unnamed health worker is in isolation at Canberra Hospital. She arrived in Australia on April 5 after working in West Africa. The woman did not treat any cases of the deadly virus there. Health officials say it's most unlikely she has Ebola and her symptoms are consistent with many other conditions.
Shelbie Brooke Richards, 21, was sentenced to eight years in prison on one count each of conspiracy to commit a hate crime and concealing the crime by lying to police. Sarah Adelia Graves, 22, was sentenced to five years in prison for one count of conspiracy to commit a hate crime. Both women were riding in a truck that fatally ran over Jackson, Mississippi man James Craig Anderson in June 2011.
Katrina Maddox, 23, had Edward on the way to hospital in the early hours. Two years ago she had Reuben on the way to hospital in the same way. Baby Edward took just 72 minutes to arrive as the ambulance travelled past.
Britain came sixth from last in a global ranking of 65 countries. Only 30% of people in the UK are religious compared to 53% who are not. Thailand was the most religious country with 94% of people calling themselves religious.
An arrest warrant has been issued for Ben Cousins after he failed to appear in a Perth court on traffic offences. The 36-year-old has been on bail and was due to face Fremantle Magistrates Court on Wednesday morning. His lawyer claimed the former West Coast Eagles captain had conflicting medical appointments. The magistrate had ordered Cousins to produce written evidence of the conflicting appointments before 4pm.
British Airways has launched a series of Mindfulness for Travel videos. Developed with the help of Mark Coleman, founder of the Mindfulness Institute. Coleman recommends 'gentle exercising,' eating lighter meals and napping.
Somali-born author Ayaan Hirsi Ali, 45, emigrated to America in 2006 after facing death threats in the Netherlands. She has accused her fellow liberals of failing to have a proper sense of perspective about life in the U.S. and for not being more critical of Islam. Hirsi Ali is married to British historian and public commentator Niall Ferguson, who left his wife of sixteen year for the Somali intellectual.
Sam Reese, 22, appeared on Channel 4's First Dates reality match-making show. Asked his date Kathleen to split the bill with him rather than pick up the tab himself. The action sparked a slew of furious responses on Twitter. 'Don't split the bill for crying out loud, chivalry is still a thing!' wrote one man.
Sajid Javid said some values prevalent in certain Asian communities were 'totally unacceptable in British society' Comes after inquiries into sexual abuse of vulnerable girls by Asian men. Tory minister said a'misplaced sense of political correctness' prevented proper investigation.
London-based Trotters have unveiled 'New Born Baby Collection' Range includes boy's T-shirts and romper suits. Also has pretty smocked dresses and pink cardigans for girls.
The former secretary of state is currently on a two-day swing through New Hampshire. She'll participate in another tomorrow morning at a community college during her two-day swing through the Granite State.
Debenhams and Mothercare have called a halt to long-running promotions. Experts claim prolonged sales can devalue products and encourage shoppers to delay buying an item until it is reduced. A third of all fashion purchases are now made in a sale or promotion.
Rex Cinema in Berkhamsted, Hertfordshire, has banned babies from special screenings. Manager James Hannaway said he was fed up with the whingeing from those attending the screenings without babies. He said staff had collected still-warm nappies from under tables and put up with difficult first time mothers with armoured tanks.
Mikaeel Kular, three, was killed by his mother Rosdeep Adekoya last year. She beat him for being sick and left him to die in agony for three days. She then hid his body in a suitcase and dumped it in woods in Fife. Up to 25 workers were alleged to have accessed confidential files. Nine have now been sacked after looking at documents without permission.
Service on the 7 line from Queens was suspended around 8.30am Monday. More than 500 passengers were taken to Manhattan by a rescue train. The last of the passengers were taken on to a new train around 10am.
The espresso machine is dubbed ISSpresso — ISS standing for International Space Station. It was originally intended for astronaut Samantha Cristoforetti of Italy. But it ended up on the back burner after a station shipment from Virginia was lost in a launch explosion. SpaceX is scheduled to launch its unmanned rocket with the espresso maker on Monday afternoon.
Mark Allen Sanders was beaten with a paddle, dragged around a room by his genitals and had his pants set on fire. Hamm was one of seven Sigma Nu brothers who tormented and humiliated Sanders when he was a young pledge at the University of Texas at Austin. The young man was hit so hard during the 1990 hazing that he suffered a fractured spine and nearly lost a kidney. Hamm, a sophomore, was identified as a ringleader and arrested in 1993, long before he became one of America's most recognizable actors playing Don Draper. An assault charge was dismissed, however, and he completed a period of probation instead
Status Quo, Katherine Jenkins and Elaine Paige will perform at event. It is one of the highlights of a three-day commemoration of end of WWII. 1940s-themed concert will take place on Saturday and will be broadcast on BBC1.
A truck carrying millions of bees overturned on Friday morning. Jeff Dubois of KIRO, struggled to get through his report without swatting and waving his hands around as the bees buzzed around Interstate 5. During the unexpectedly dangerous report, cameraman Damien Glitch was stung more than 20 times. The truck had just merged onto Interstate 5 around 3:30 a.m. when it tipped on its side, dumping its load of 448 hives. The driver, a 36-year-old man from Idaho, was not hurt. The bees became more active as the sun rose and the weather warmed, and firefighters had to spray a
The Queen was seen riding her faithful black Fell pony, Carltonlima Emma. She was joined by Lord Vestey and her Head Groom Terry Pendry. The monarch, who is approaching her 89th birthday, eschewed a riding helmet.
Dr Terry Dubrow and Dr Paul Nassif, the resident experts on the E! series Botched, are back to take on some of the world’s most shocking plastic surgeries gone wrong. One of their clients this season, Rajee Rajindra Narinesingh, had her face injected with 'cement' at an underground cosmetic filler party.
Qantas CEO Alan Joyce said there are an increasing number of women joining the ranks of Qantas pilots. Melbourne-born, Paris-based designer Martin Grant will refresh the uniforms worn by Qantas' domestic and international pilots. Mr Grant will take inspiration from historical Qantas uniforms, which have evolved considerably since the 1930s. The new uniforms are expected to be rolled out next year.
Tour de France winner Sir Bradley Wiggins took part in his final race for Team Sky. The cyclists approached a level crossing over a train track during the race. But as barriers came down to signal a train was passing through, the racers swerving to avoid them in a desperate attempt to gain precious seconds.
Matilda Kahl, an art director at Saatchi & Saatchi, has worn the same outfit to work every single day for three years. The idea came to her after a particularly stressful morning when she began trying on a variety outfits to no satisfaction.
More than seven million episodes from seasons one to four were illegally downloaded between February and April this year. Overall illegal downloading of show is up 45 per cent year-on-year. Top country for illegal downloads of Game of Thrones episodes was Brazil, which accounted for almost one million of them.
The St George New Generation show at Mercedes-Benz Fashion Week Australia featured some eyebrow-raising creations. One model paraded in a completely see-through mesh dress that left little to the imagination. Sex appeal played a major role in the show, whether through the sheer mesh fabrics or racily cut gowns with thigh-high slits.
Walter Scott was jailed in 1987 on a charge of assault and battery. He shouted obscenities at a man and a deputy before shoving the officer. Scott suffered a cut and was treated at a local hospital before being transported to the jail.
Couple in their 40s became unusual victims of age discrimination. HSBC rejected their £250,000 mortgage application because husband was too old. Ombudsman found bank'relied on untested assumptions, stereotypes or generalisations in respect of age'
Two warring sisters were yesterday stripped of the right to control their mother’s fortune because of the intensity of the hatred between them. The hostility meant they would never be able to make rational decisions about how to deal with the 97-year-old widow’s property, a judge said. Mother, who has dementia, lives in a care home in Stoke Mandeville, Buckinghamshire. She owns a £600,000 house, has savings and shares worth £100,000, and has an income of £1,200 a month.
Django Greenblatt-Seay, 33, used a drone to film this cinematic overhead shot at Hummel Park in Omaha, Nebraska. The video begins from far overhead, showcasing the 2002 Ford Taurus as just a speck among the vast expanse of trees. Greenblatt-Seay used his drone, a DJI Inspire 1 model, to capture the cinematic effect before dramatically zooming in on the car's tires, headlights and dashboard seats. The ad is soundtracked with an old-fashioned 1987 Ford Taurus commercial.
Miss Middleton, 31, and Nico Jackson, 36, were seen hand-in-hand. The pair had been enjoying a romantic dinner at Fulham's Margaux restaurant. Miss Middleton was wearing a tailored cream blazer, denim jeans and a heart-print top.
Jacob Hall, from Iowa, asked Australian redditors to make a recording from the tooth fairy for his son, Evan. Jeff Pyrotek, from Seymour in Victoria, answered Mr Hall's call for help and uploaded his finished product on SoundCloud. Mr Pyrotek said he wanted to make Evan's day by recording the message.
Sister Gertrud Tiefenbacher's hands were tied with a typewriter cord. A towel was placed over her face, causing her to suffocate. Her body was found by other nuns at the Sacred Heart Missionary in Ixopo, a small town 85 miles south-west of Durban.
WARNING: GRAPHIC CONTENT. Melvin the giraffe was attacked by an eland antelope at Kristiansand zoo. The five-year-old giraffe had got his head stuck in the enclosure's fence. Around 30 people witnessed the unprovoked attack at the Norwegian zoo.
The 49-year-old woman developed a large tumour under her left breast. Four years ago doctors removed a 4.2mm melanoma from her back. But despite surgery, the disease returned five months ago. She was treated at the Memorial Sloan-Kettering Cancer Center in New York as part of a clinical trial to test the effects of a new drugs combination. After receiving one dose of ipilimumab and nivolumab, the woman reported her tumour 'kind of dissolved', leaving a hole in the skin. Doctors have hailed her recovery 'one of the most astonishing responses' They hope the new
Best-selling author Sarah Wilson has hit out at the Mamamia website. Her image was used to illustrate a story about orthorexia nervosa. The article was published alongside controversial wellness blogger Belle Gibson and Paleo chef Pete Evans. Wilson complained to Mamamia and they agreed to remove her image.
Xana Doyle, 19, was killed after driver crashed a stolen car while high on drugs. Toyota Avensis flipped and landed on its roof in early hours of the morning. Driver Sakhawat Ali, 23, was more than twice the drink-drive limit at time. Miss Doyle suffered a 'blunt head injury' and was pronounced dead at scene. Ali admitted causing death by dangerous driving and aggravated vehicle taking at Cardiff Crown Court yesterday.
Documents suggest methyl bromide may have been improperly applied in various locations in Puerto Rico. EPA regional administrator Judith Enck said the agency and Puerto Rico's Department of Agriculture are investigating. The chemical sickened a family of four from Wilmington, Delaware, last month in the U.S. Virgin Islands.
It's time to ditch vitamin pills for a diet rich in clean, fresh and unprocessed foods, says nutritionist Sarah Flower. A diet rich in oily fish, whole grains, lean protein, fruit and vegetables should provide enough nutrients, she says.
Natalie Prescott, 26, nearly lost her legs after leaping off Appley Bridge Quarry, near Wigan, back in 2012. She smashed against an overhanging cliff, before hitting the water. Doctors managed to save her legs, but she was unable to walk or stand. Had several operations during a three-month hospital stay. In August 2013, Natalie gave birth to her third child, Scarlett, now 19 months.
Mitya the bear was found abandoned outside a circus in Vladivostok, east Russia. He is one of many bear cubs rescued by special groups across Russia. They are believed to have been orphaned as a result of hunting.
Companies Tittygram and Titisign have popped up in Russia. Both offer to write messages on a woman's cleavage and take a photo. Burger King has already used the service to advertise its whoppers.
The Hot Pursuit star's lawyer Fred Silberberg told People late Friday that the 42-year-old 'has never wanted to destroy her embryos' However, she's not planning on using them either, the attorney said in the statement, adding that Vergara 'is content to leave the embryos frozen indefinitely as she has no desire to have children with her ex'
Iain Mackay, 40, bled to death at a bar in Hua Hin, 125 miles from Bangkok. He is believed to have got into a row with Nilobon Patty, known as Patty Patrick. The 35-year-old Thai woman denies having anything to do with the death.
Flight VS44 should have left McCarran airport at 4.30pm local time on Easter Monday. But a series of delays meant the 403 passengers did not get away on their flight to Gatwick until early on Wednesday. Some passengers are considering legal action against Virgin. Virgin has said that eligible passengers would be getting EU compensation of 600 plus out-of-pocket expenses.
James Freedman has been giving pickpocketing demonstrations for years. Now he's exhibiting his'skills' on stage in a one-man pickpocket show. Freedman, 49, describes himself as ‘the only honest pickpocket you will ever meet’
Police are hunting for a man who walked into a house in Los Angeles on Sunday night and shot a sleeping eight-year-old boy in the head. The suspect, who is described as Hispanic, medium build and wearing a grey hoodie at the time, apparently had no motive for staging the attack in the 11000 block of Wagner Street in Del Rey. According to the victim's father, the attacker walked in through an unlocked front door around midnight and proceeded to fire shots after a heated conversation. The father then ran into the boy's bedroom to shield him as the gunman followed shooting, authorities said.
Alissa Sizemore, from Vernal, Utah, was just seven-years-old when a truck ran over her foot and immediately severed it. Although the dancer had to have her right leg amputated below the knee, she was determined to get back in the dance studio as soon as possible.
The female, named Varvara, swam 14,000 miles (22,500km) from the east coast of Russia to breeding grounds off the coast of Mexico, and back. Her return journey across the North Pacific raises questions about the critically endangered creature’s conservation status. Gray whales typically don't feed during migration, which has led researchers to believe Varvara didn't eat during the long journey either.
One Nation leader Pauline Hanson attacked halal certification as a 'profit, money-making racket' She also said that the protests on Saturday were about 'criticism, not racism' Protests on Saturday in Melbourne turned violent when anti-Islam and anti-racism groups clashed. It was originally thought Reclaim Australia had handed over the reigns to one of their supporters to control their feed throughout the protests.
Andrew Chan and Myuran Sukumaran will find out if their last-ditch legal appeal against their death row sentence will be allowed to proceed on Monday. A Jakarta court is due to decide whether the pair’s lawyers can challenge Indonesian President Joko Widodo’s decision to deny the two Australians clemency. The unusual appeal in the state administrative court is likely the pair's last legal avenue to save them from the firing squad for their part in the 2005 Bali Nine heroin smuggling bid. Chan, 31, and Sukumaran, 33, are currently awaiting execution on the death island of Nusakambangan
Scott Kelley, now 50, and stepdaughter Mary Nunes, 19, fled the U.S. in 2004. They were involved in a custody dispute with Mark Nunes, Mary's father. Genevieve Kelley, Mary's mother, refused to hand her over to Mr Nunes. She took the girl to Colorado for a second opinion, and then to South America. Genevieve handed herself in last November, but refused to give up their location. Scott was arrested at Hartsfield-Jackson Atlanta International Airport on Monday.
Jade Ruthven, 33, was lambasted on her social media account by her friends. They were so sick of her constant updates about her baby daughter, they wrote a scathing letter demanding she stop. The letter was littered with expletives and exclamation marks and told the mother that they were'so over' the running commentary on her daughter's life. Social media expert Sarah-Jane Kurtini believes people need to more aware of their ramblings on the web.
Chloe Owens, 27, from Swanley, Kent, came up with the idea for Bump 2 Breast when she was pregnant with daughter Lola, now three months old. The app, which is available on all mobile platforms, has already been downloaded 20,000 times and is getting rave reviews.
Hollie Tillbrook, 17, collapsed in Basildon's Festival Leisure Park, Essex. Her potassium levels had plummeted to such a low level that her heart stopped. Luckily, two off-duty police officers rushed to her side and gave her CPR. She was then rushed to hospital where she was put into an induced coma. But the teenager stunned medics by making an unexpected recovery. She is now recovering at home with her mother Denise Bennett.
Federal law enforcement officials say a right wing group has published the names, numbers and addresses of senior and former officials with several government agencies. Along with a paranoid message proclaiming the officials to be 'NWO stooges,' the group released the info of employees of the CIA, FBI and DHS on the site Pastebin.com, which allows anonymous posts. The post claims to reveal the information of FBI Director James Comey and DHS Director Charles Johnson, in addition to previous directors.
Lib Dem leader lists range of reasons why groups of former supporters are 'p***** off' Says going in with Tories meant they would lose 'virulently anti-Conservative' voters. Public sector workers left because their pensions were hit and job cuts.
Karen Buckley went missing after leaving a nightclub in Glasgow on Sunday. The 24-year-old's black handbag was found in nearby Dawsholm Park yesterday. Police today discovered 'human remains' on a farm outside the city. A 21-year-old man has been arrested 'in connection with her death'
David Bulman, 55, and his wife Lubova had a row after he criticised her. He shouted at her and pulled her hair before punching her in the face. Neighbours called police after Bulman drove away and left his wife with black eye. He was given a 12-month community order at Bristol Crown Court.
The Viva Las Vegas Rockabilly Weekend - now in its 18th year - is a flashback to classic cars, vintage pinups, Tiki drinks, tattoos and a fashion aesthetic that balances high heels with just as high hair. Around 20,000 fans of the era gathered over the weekend for musical performances and car show off the Strip at The Orleans Hotel and Casino.
More than 200 of the 276 schoolgirls kidnapped by Boko Haram a year ago remain in captivity. Children as young as four are being used within the ranks of Boko Haram as cooks, porters and look-outs. 1.2m people have been forced to flee their home, displaced inside Nigeria or crossing into neighbouring Cameroon, Chad and Niger. Unicef is working hand in hand with the Government of Niger to find a way to reach all children in need of help and give them access to education.
Screening system spots chemical signals in exhaled air linked to tumour development. Researchers were also able to distinguish between patients at high and low risk of developing the disease. Israeli researchers say the system is accurate, cheap and allows patients to be monitored without using invasive procedures.
Pierre Collins was taken into custody on suspicion of second-degree murder in the death of Barway Collins, Crystal, Minnesota, police said. Collins was placed in the back of a squad car in handcuffs and taken away from his apartment complex in Crystal. He will be processed and taken to Hennepin County Jail. Collins' wife, Yamah Collins, was later escorted to an unmarked police vehicle and also driven away.
A new Reddit thread asks users to submit the most horrendous baby names they have ever come across. FEMAIL has compiled the worst examples, including the names 'Orgasm', submitted by the daughter of a midwife.
Poul Thomsen, the IMF's Europe Director has been quoted by the Greek media as saying he could not see a successful conclusion to the country's current bail out. Thomsen's prediction was made as the Greek government repeated previous threats that unless more bail out money was made available then it would stop paying back creditors. Greece has been given until 20 April to clean up its finances and set in place a number of economic reforms.
Johnny Depp and Amber Heard touched down in Brisbane, Australia, on Tuesday morning local time, putting on a show of unity amid rumors of marital woes just two months after they tied the knot. The couple, who hadn't been photographed together in public since their February 3 nuptials, were both wearing their wedding bands.
Clinton's communications director wouldn't rule out the possibility that some of the people she met in New Hampshire were brought in for the occasion. 'People were asked to come to a meeting at a coffee house,' she said, referring to a stop in LeClaire, Iowa. 'If someone like that loves her, then they'll talk to other people, and so on, and that's going to help,' she added. Clinton was in Keene, New Hampshire on Monday for a roundtable discussion with small business employees.
Jaclyn Pfeiffer, 29, worked at the Aloma Methodist Early Childhood Learning Center in Orange County, Florida, full-time for the last 18 months. Her partner, Kelly Bardier, 33, was recently employed as a part-time teacher. The two have been together since October. However they were both terminated after the director, Barbara Twachtman, heard rumors about the two and asked Pfeiffer whether she was seeing Bardier. The daycare is run by Aloma United Methodist Church. Despite the state funding, the church broke no state or federal laws when the couple's employment was terminated, they maintain
Natasha Willard was studying for her A levels at college when she fell ill. The 17-year-old's condition worsened four days after returning home. She was diagnosed with encephalitis, an inflammation of the brain. Teenager is unable to move her arms and legs and can barely talk. Her family have been told they do not know if she will make a full recovery.
Sir John said SNP would use any power they wield in Westminster to foster division. Mocked Ms Sturgeon over her demand to play role in proper up a Labour government. He warned of'mayhem' if SNP holds balance of power with weak Labour government.
Sir Paul McCartney married Heather Mills at 17th Century Castle Leslie in County Monaghan in 2002. The former Beatle and Ms Mills separated in 2006 and went through a bitter and messy divorce in 2008. Never-before-seen pictures show the couple at their wedding reception, which was attended by 300 guests.
Chloe Valentine, 4, died of massive head injuries in January 2012. She was forced to ride a motorbike that repeatedly crashed over a three-day period in the backyard of her Adelaide home. Her mother, Ashlee Polkinghorne, and her then partner are in jail after pleading guilty to Chloe's manslaughter through criminal neglect. In an emotional statement outside the Adelaide inquest on Thursday, Chloe's grandmother Belinda Valentine welcomed Coroner Mark Johns' ruling that Families SA was broken and fundamentally flawed.
Martyn Uzzell, 51, was cycling from Land's End to John O'Groats in 2011. He was cycling with two friends to raise money for Macmillan Cancer Support. Mr Uzzell was hit by a four-inch deep pothole on the A65 near Giggleswick. The council inspected the hole in the weeks before his death but decided it did not need repairing. Mr Uzzell's widow has now won a six-figure payout from North Yorkshire County Council.
Scott Stephenson found man lying on the floor but instead of calling for help he stole his iPhone. The 22-year-old victim died of hypothermia the next day in South Shields. Stephenson was due to be sentenced for the theft but failed to turn up. He unleashed an expletive-filled rant outside court this week.
Lib Dem leader is touring the country in a bright yellow election battlebus fitted out with a radio studio. Aides say it is part of a deliberate strategy to get the Deputy Prime Minister out of London to meet normal people. He has been seen pulling pints in a Bath pub, sipping cocktails in Southampton and chatting to Joey Essex.
Weight Watchers, Atkins diet, Jenny Craig and NutriSystem all scored well. Only a few programmes have shown users lose more weight than those not using them. Others produce no better results than people dieting on their own. Others may actually be harmful to health.
A spring storm that had doused Northern California for the previous 24 hours arrived in Southern California on Tuesday night. Thousands were without power for several hours because of the storm, and the Los Angeles Dodgers had a rare rain delay on the second day of the season. Earlier in the day, the unusually cold spring storm brought heavy rain and hail to parts of Northern California and the mountains in snow.
Police in Lewiston, Idaho, are looking for a passer-by who pulled driver Matthew Sitko, 23, from his car that was dangling over a cliff on Wednesday. Sitko crashed through an adjoining property and would have driven off the drop if it weren't for a chain-link fence. Sitko wrote on his Facebook page that he feels 'blessed'
Intel CEO Brian Krzanich demonstrated the wristband at the firm's developers forum in China. He was able to cause lights on the robots to change shape, and control their movement from the bans. The robots were powered by Curie, a computer the size of a button.
Sue Perkins is now favourite to replace disgraced Jeremy Clarkson on Top Gear. Bookmakers Coral have made Perkins evens to take over from Clarkson. She is ahead of former X-Factor presenter Dermot O'Leary and Jodie Kidd. Clarkson was sacked by the BBC after he verbally abused a producer.
Work and Pensions Secretary launches scathing attack on Labour. Says Ed Miliband is standing on'most Left-wing platform since Michael Foot' Set out powerful moral case for the party's policies, which have reduced welfare dependency and got two million more into work.
Gemma, 34, has expanded her plus-size range for Evans. New additions include swing tops and kimonos. Says it's all about 'embracing your curves and feeling confident'
Lipscomb police chief Warren Carey was trying to arrest Mayor Lance McDade when the fight broke out, according to a city clerk. McDade is currently in jail for resisting arrest and assaulting a police officer, city officials said. Carey was later spotted 'hobbling' into his office with an injured leg before he was transported to the hospital.
238m passengers passed through British airports in 2014, just 3m less than the pre-recession boom peak of 241m in 2007. Most passengers (144m) fly to Europe which enjoyed a 5.4 per cent rise year on year in visitors from the UK. The United Arab Emirates also ranks in the top 10 countries British flyers most travel to.
Ethnic minorities will make up a fifth of the total population by 2051. Rise due to baby boom among immigrants from Pakistan, Bangladesh and Africa. Leeds University predicts minority population will double by mid-21st century.
Sophie Thomas wore the black shirt in March when she was having her picture taken at Clermont Northeastern Middle School in Batavia, Ohio. When the students got their class photos this week, she saw the word had been removed from her shirt with Photoshop. School principal Kendra Young said the word was removed to 'prevent any unintended controversies'
Five teenagers were arrested in Melbourne's south-east on Saturday. Two 18-year-olds remain in custody in relation to an alleged terror plot. Prime Minister Tony Abbott has urged people to continue with their Anzac Day plans, adding security would be ramped up.
Sharp-tongued Dowager Countess is among a clutch of characters who may return. Played by Dame Maggie Smith in the ITV drama, Violet, Countess of Grantham may be coming back in the new American show The Gilded Age. Set in 19th Century New York and focusing on city's most privileged families, American-born (played by Elizabeth McGovern) may also reappear.
The form was purchased at an ephemera show in Delaware. At the top is an introduction implying that it is intended to be sent out to people whose friends have identified them as suitable recruits. The KKK was founded in 1866 in Tennessee, with Nathan Bedford Forrest becoming the first leader, or grand wizard, in 1867.
The 40-year-old actor bought Blackadore Caye, an unpopulated, private 104-acre Belizean island, in 2005 for $1.75 million. He recently teamed up with Paul Scialla, the chief executive of New York development firm Delos, to create the eco-conscious resort, with plans to open in 2018. The ambitious project, which they will be calling 'Blackadore Caye, a Restorative Island,' will be much like many other luxury resorts and include sprawling villas, infinity pools and beautiful views.
Rachel Lynn Lehnardt, 35, from Evans, Georgia, 'allowed her daughter and her friends to drink alcohol and smoke marijuana at her home' She 'played naked Twister with the group before she had sex with an 18-year-old male in the bathroom' Lehnardt 'then awoke to find the 16-year-old having sex with her daughter's boyfriend' She has been charged with two counts of contributing to the delinquency of a minor and is out on bail.
Oleg Kalashnikov was a former member of the Ukrainian parliament. The Interior Ministry said he had died of gunshot wounds. It did not say whether it was believed to be homicide or suicide. Kalashnikov was a former ally of deposed Ukrainian President Viktor Yanukovych.
The train completed a test run on a track in Yamanashi, Japan. It beat the previous record of 361mph (580km/h) set in 2003. Another attempt is scheduled for tomorrow, and engineers predict it could reach 373mph (600km/h) The technology promises a ride that's smoother, quieter and almost twice as fast as traditional high-speed rail.
Scotland has been named the most popular wedding destination in the UK. A quarter of all marriages in Scotland involved couples from outside the country. The most popular wedding destination is the council area of Dumfries and Galloway.
Militants beheaded two leaders of Hamas-linked group in Yarmouk camp. ISIS has taken control of up to 90 per cent of Palestinian refugee camp. Palestinian group has declared Israel its sworn enemy in Yarmouk. But it has been defending the camp's 18,000 residents from two year siege.
Representatives from Comcast and Time Warner Cable will meet with US Department of Justice officials to discuss concerns raised by their planned $45billion merger. Meeting next Wednesday would aim to negotiate possible concessions addressing competition concerns created by the combination of the two cable giants. Staffers at both the Justice Department and the Federal Communications Commission remain concerned the combined company would have too much power in the Internet broadband market.
The first step to a perfect steak is to buy the best meat you can afford. Allow your meat to come to room temperature before you start cooking. Shape and thickness of the steak is also important; the best steaks are one to 1.5-inches thick as a thinner cut is likely to get dry quicker. Marbling is a great way to tell the quality of the meat.
83 per cent of Australian women said they would describe themselves as 'average' A staggering 96 per cent of women around the world describe themselves as 'average'
Police investigating claims trafficked Chinese workers were forced to live and work in slave-like conditions at Rio de Janeiro snack bar. Officers found boxes containing frozen carcasses of dozens of dogs. Dogs were used for fillings of 'pastels', a traditional Brazilian stuffed pastry.
Billy Mitchell was born with Apert syndrome, a rare genetic condition. It causes malformations of the skull, face, hands and feet. He underwent a series of major operations to correct the deformities. These included a procedure to crack open and reshape his skull. Also had a titanium frame drilled into his head, which was left there for nine weeks.
Mahendra Bavishi, who lives in Sudan, said detectives have asked to put some ‘sensitive’ questions to his British-based son who runs the business. Mr Bavishi is a joint director of Hatton Garden Safe Deposit Ltd with eldest son Manish Bavishi, who lives in Kenton, north-west London. He described the robbery as a ‘tragedy’ for his family after the business had just started to make a small profit following years of losses.
Campaigners say councils should draw up maps of areas most at risk. Being socially isolated can be as harmful as smoking 15 cigarettes a day. Essex and Gloucestershire councils have already drawn up maps.
Alleged online sex offender accused of raping five children and involving 20 more in the making of child pornography has been charged with 145 child exploitation offences. The 47-year-old man from Warwick, 150km south-west of Brisbane, has been accused of sexually abusing 28 children from three states. Police allege the man used a range of social media sites to prey on children under the age of 16 and in some cases arranged meetings so he could physically abuse them.
The government has announced they will strip parents of welfare benefits if they don't immunise their children. Parents who refuse to immunise their children are set to lose up to $15,000 a year for every child. Currently around 39,000 Australian children under the age of seven are not vaccinated putting them at risk of catching severe diseases.
Liana Barrientos, 38, of the Bronx, pleaded not guilty on Friday to two felony charges of filing a false instrument, involving marriage licences. She is accused of marrying 10 men over the course of 11 years in an apparent immigrant scam. One of the men she wed was deported back to Pakistan in 2006 after an investigation by the Joint Terrorism Task Force.
Catherine Lynn Smith, 50, was arrested Tuesday after the bodies of 10 cats and three dogs were found decaying in her home. The house had been auctioned off and a new owner was checking out the property when he found a dead dog inside the doorway. Police had to air out the home due to the smell of ammonia. Officials with Macon-Bibb Animal Welfare estimate that the animals had been dead for months. Smith had worked at the shelter for two months in 2012, but was fired within her six-month probationary period for reasons not disclosed.
A Dartmouth College judicial committee has 'derecognized' Alpha Delta. It found the fraternity responsible for causing harm to pledges and violating terms of a suspension for alcohol violations. Alpha Delta President Ryan Maguire said members are disappointed and exploring options. Regardless of the outcome of an appeal, Inge-Lise Ameer, interim dean, has the authority to withdraw recognition of Alpha Delta.
Bio security measures are being stepped up at Brisbane International Airport. Planes coming from South-East Asian countries are being routinely fumigated before luggage is removed. Aedes aegypti, known for its black and white stripes, can spread crippling diseases like dengue, chikunguya and yellow fever.
Waheed Ahmed, 21, is the son of Labour councillor Shakil Ahmed. He was caught trying to cross the border into Syria with four children. Believed to be a member of extremist group Hizb ut-Tahrir. Group advocates a global Muslim caliphate, similar to IS.
German woman was in a taxi which was stuck in traffic after arriving at Charles de Gaulle airport. Three thieves are said to have ‘appeared from nowhere’ and smashed a rear window of the car, making off with the bag. It included numerous valuable items including a single ring worth close to £1million, as well as around 12 other valuable pieces.
Italian musician Andrea Furlan was filmed in front of a river in Milton Keynes. He holds a ‘butterfly landscape’ designed instrument to his mouth and plays a tune. An unsuspecting herd of cows graze in the background. They stand and enjoy the music for some time while Andrea serenades them.
The Minister for Communications is set to feature on the front cover of GQ Australia's May issue. Posing in a suave blue suit with a pinstriped shirt and a contrasting red tie, Mr Turnbull's confident demeanour is complimented by the bold, confronting words printed across the page: 'Primed Minister' In an eight page interview, the minister confirmed rumours that he had planned to run for Prime Minister if Tony Abbott had been successfully toppled in February's leadership spill.
Ronald and Miriam Pearson met during the Second World War. Mr Pearson was a sergeant in the RAF police and Mrs Pearson a driver. They married in 1943 and lived in Broughton near Chester for 72 years. Mrs Pearson died last month and her husband followed two days later. Couple were buried in joint funeral described as 'the greatest true love story'
Stephanie Scott, 26, was last seen on Easter Sunday at her workplace in Leeton, 550km west of Sydney. She was due to marry her partner of five years, Aaron Leeson-Woolley, in front of 120 guests at a venue in Eugowra this Saturday. Family and friends had travelled from as far as Europe and the Middle East to be at her big day. Police have charged a man with her murder despite not having found her body.
Hours before launch of women's manifesto Ed Miliband refused to guarantee job. Snub comes just three days after Harman said she intended to take the role. Miss Harman has previously suggested Gordon Brown's refusal in 2007 was sexist. Miliband also admitted his main 'frustration' with his job was not being able to spend enough time with his sons.
Pensioners offered mortgages that will only be paid off when they are 105. Nationwide Building Society is giving anyone up to 70 chance to take out loan. Tens of thousands of savers are being tempted to put money into property. This surge of ‘silver landlords’ is likely to push up house prices.
Second year history and politics student turned to prostitution to make ends meet. Said student loan failed to cover housing, food, books and travel costs. She advertises her services through a website and visits clients at work.
Patrick and Marianne Charles, 78 and 74, were without heating during blackout. Couple sat down in their conservatory with a glass of wine each and lit barbecue. Within minutes the couple were unconscious after choking on the fumes. They laid dead for 16 days before their son, Andrew Charles, raised the alarm. East Sussex deputy coroner Christopher Wilkinson recorded a conclusion of accidental death.
At 6'5 and 289lbs JJ Watt is a terror on the football field. The Houston Texans defensive tackle recorded more than 20 sacks and forced four fumbles last season. On Monday he released a video of a 61-inch standing box jump.
Ukip leader risked alienating those watching at Westminster's Central Hall. He protested they were 'a remarkable audience even by the BBC' outburst came after some of his comments about pressure on housing due to immigration were greeted with mutters. Mr Farage was heckled by members of the audience before David Dimbleby, who was presenting the broadcast on BBC1, intervened.
Lillian Bustle, a burlesque dancer from New Jersey, gave a TED talk earlier this month in which she explained that 'fat' is just another word. She believes that the more people are exposed to body diversity, the more they accept and like them.
Perth Glory were found guilty of rorting the salary cap over three seasons. The club was fined $269,000 and relegated to seventh spot on the table. Glory revealed on Friday night that they have filed with the Supreme Court of Western Australia seeking an injunction against FFA's verdict. If that falls flat, Glory will go through the FFA's appeals process to either overturn the decision, or reduce the penalty.
Almonds have become California’s second biggest agricultural commodity after milk, as demand has exploded by 1,000 per cent in a decade. It has been calculated that it takes 1.1 gallons of water to grow a single almond. Almonds are high in potassium, calcium, vitamin E and magnesium, and thought to reduce cholesterol and decrease hunger without leading to weight gain.
The error was spotted during a Hampshire Constabulary training course. Two officers have decided to continue wearing the tops to 'boost morale' Three tops were sent to the force but one member of staff decided to return the faulty garment. Chairman of Hampshire Police Federation burst out laughing when he saw the uniform and posted a photograph of it online.
More than one million people have already booked their slots to see the linen. The shroud has been dated to the end of the 13th century. It is believed to have been used to wrap the body of Jesus Christ.
Massachusetts Senator Elizabeth Warren said Thursday that she doesn't believe convicted Boston bomber Dzhokhar Tsarnaev should be sentenced to death. Tsarnaev was found guilty on all 30 charges related to the Boston Marathon explosions which killed three and injured hundreds at the finish line. Now that the 21-year-old has been found guilty, the case will move on to the penalty stage of the trial which could begin as early as Monday.
Flight from Kansas City, Missouri, to Denver, Colorado, diverted. Arrived at Colorado Springs airport at 6am Friday morning due to bad weather. Stuck on tarmac for six hours before everybody was ordered off anyway.
Louise Smith, 38, ordered a pork roast at the Crown and Thistle pub, Carlisle. She then approached a member of staff with a half-eaten meal and said she had found a hair in the food. But when baffled staff probed their CCTV, they found her standing over the girl and plucking two hairs from her head. Carlisle Magistrates' Court heard this week that Smith did not have enough money to pay for the £21 dinner.
Migrant workers say they are denied basic hygiene facilities while working. They are not provided with soap or water to wash their hands. Some live in filthy shacks made of wood and plastic sheeting near fields. They also say they are made to work around dangerous pesticides. Revelations will horrify millions of customers of British supermarkets.
The family had left a waterfront restaurant Thursday night when their sedan ran off the road alongside a working dock at the Port of Los Angeles. The car traveled some distance before lurching into the harbor, where it landed upside down in about 30 feet of water. The boy's parents swam to the surface, but the children were stuck in vehicle. They weren't breathing when rescuers brought them up. The teen died at the hospital several hours later. The eight-year-old boy died Friday afternoon.
Aaron Schock, 33, resigned from the House last month amid an expenses scandal. Marshall County Board wants him to pay for the special elections to replace him. The Peoria Republican's lavish lifestyle attracted scrutiny. He took a private jet to watch an NFL game and spent $10,000 taking a group including his interns to a Katy Perry concert.
Tate Ricks was fishing with his grandmother's boyfriend on Saturday. Their 14-foot johnboat was hit by a wake from a large boat around 5.30pm. The impact from the wake sent them both into the St Johns River. Ricks went under water and the unidentified man with him attempted to save him but could not.
Speaking to DailyMail.com CEO Jon Steinberg, the former head of General Electric insisted that it's time to cut out middle management. He said: 'Why should these lazy professors hang out getting fat on money while kids are going broke graduating? 'It's dumb, it's stupid, and it has to be broken'
Former Secretary of State will announce her intentions at noon on Sunday. Show portrayed her as aggressive and self-centered in latest episode. Came just hours before she is expected to announce via video on social media.
Leah Rogers and Ryan Flanaghan were selling range of toys at car boot sale. Pair spotted purple Beanie Baby at another seller's stall in Bude, Cornwall. Mr Flanaghan, 22, recognised the bear as a limited edition Princess Diana Di Beanie Baby - one of the most sought after in the collection. Pair were stunned to find it was one of just 100 made around the world. They are now hoping to sell the bear on eBay and put the money towards a house.
Gov. Sam Brownback, a Republican, is expected to sign a bill that would ban welfare recipients from using their benefit debit cards to pay for anything but diapers and toiletries. Lottery tickets, tattoos, strip clubs, psychics, massage parlors, movie theaters and theme parks would also be off-limits. Brownback's administration has seen a 60 per cent drop in the number of Kansans enrolled in the Temporary Assistance for Needy Families program since he became governor.
Eating disorder sufferers offered details of those suffering from stress and hair loss for just 12p a head. Even dieters and those who have had plastic surgery appear on the list of data for sale. This week the Mail exposed companies that have secretly sold private financial and medical information without proper checks. A third investigation has been launched by the General Pharmaceutical council into Pharmacy2U, the UK’s biggest online pharmacy.
These lofty perches require a head for heights as some of them are extreme enough to make even the heartiest tourists queasy. Toronto’s CN Tower is one of Canada’s most recognisable tourist attractions and has been thrilling visitors for nearly 30 years. At 1,815ft it is the third tallest tower in the world and was once classified as one of the Seven Wonders of the Modern World.
Raymond Charles Laing has spent the past three years behind bars. He has been convicted 26 times for drink-driving, and a further 31 times for driving while disqualified. Before he was due to appear before the parole board last month, Laing sent a letter to the board that said 'I am a high risk offender and danger to the community' Despite his comments, Laing will walk free on May 15.
Shannah Kennedy and Lyndall Mitchell are teaching their Masterclass Of Wellness to CEOs and executives across Australia. Skills such as dealing with stress, being aware of trains of thought, and accumulative mindfulness are being taught. The pair's workshop, aptly named the Masterclass Of Wellness: The Boardroom Retreat, is a way for executives and their staff to learn a set of skills that will help them every day.
Police believe 50-year-old Driss Diaeddinn shot his brothers, their mother and his sister-in-law before turning the gun on himself. His wife and two children, aged three and 10 months, were able to escape and shed called 911. Neighbors said the family, who ran a transport company, had always been 'invisible' until the shooting.
'Why don't we let me explain instead of talking over me, OK?' he griped. 'No, no, no, no, no, no, no!' he blasted at NBC host Savannah Guthrie. 'You ask a question, and you say, "Have your views changed?" instead of editorializing and saying my views have changed,' he charged. Paul, a Kentucky senator, launched his presidential bid Tuesday in Louisville.
Pryce, 62, was jailed for eight months in March 2013 for perverting the course of justice over speeding points taken by her ex-husband Chris Huhne. She has since written a book about life in women's prisons. Admits she would miss her children when she returned to work.
The Italian-inspired mansion in Vail, Colorado was built in 2008 by a family who enjoyed hiking in the nearby hills. It features a main residence with seven bedrooms, seven full bathrooms, three half bathrooms, an elevator and a gourmet kitchen. Outside is a pool with a spa and sauna, a pool house, a two-car garage and a tennis court, as well as a lake, a pond and stunning views.
Taylor Alesana of Fallbrook, California took her own life on April 2 after being bullied because she was transgender. The North County LGBTQ Resource Center said the young woman did not have the support she needed from her school and adults. She had a strong relationship with her counselor at Fallbrook High School, but school administrators 'didn't take the necessary steps' This news comes just after President Obama called for an end to conversion therapy for transgender Americans.
Documents reveal the shocking details of the case that saw a couple return to Australia with a baby girl while leaving her twin brother behind. FOI documents reportedly show staff at the Australian High Commission in India and Department of Foreign Affairs and Trade were aware the couple was from New South Wales. The couple travelled to India in late 2012 and soughted citizenship for a baby girl but told consular staff they would be leaving her twin brother behind.
13-year-old Stephanie wanted to send her astronaut father a message. She enlisted the help of car manufacturer Hyundai to make the earth drawing. Guinness World Record has declared it the largest tire track image ever.
Police raided the house of John Koepke, in Wittmann, Arizona. Found 54 dogs and 18 cats living in disgusting, cramped conditions. One of the cats was found nursing a set of three young Chihuahua puppies. Koepke was banned from keeping pets in 2011 after an animal hoarding case.
Louisa Steckenreuter was diagnosed with Osteosarcoma last year. The 35-year-old mother-of-two needs to raise $100,000 for potentially life-saving treatment. Doctors believe a new drug, Keytruda, may help her fight off the disease. The drug is not subsidised on the Pharmaceutical Benefits Scheme. It costs $6000 a month and is usually used to treat patients with advanced melanomas.
Cuban bikini babe Kathy Ferreiro, 21, is being tipped to be America's Kim Kardashian. The Miami-based Latina has proved a hit on social media with fans loving photos of her curves. The aspiring celebrity showers her instagram account with photos of herself in glamorous locations.
Shah Jahah Khan and Ibrahim Anderson have pleaded not guilty to terror offences. Accused of setting up a stall on London's Oxford Street and handing out leaflets about ISIS to shoppers. Both deny one charge of inviting support for a banned organisation.
Michael Easy, 29, went on the run after attacking a woman at a party. He was found and jailed for 15 months but went on the run again in December. He breached a restraining order and assaulted two prison guards. He is now facing four months in jail after being jailed for second time.
House Homeland Security panel Chairman Michael McCaul revealed that Capitol authorities had Doug Hughes, 61, in their sights and were prepared to open fire. 'Had it gotten any closer to the speaker's balcony they have long guns to take it down, but it didn't. It landed right in front,' McCaul said about the flight which was undetected until authorities actually saw the craft approach. Hughes claims he informed the Secret Service and Capitol police of his potentially lethal stunt into the no-fly zone. 'I don't believe that the authorities are going to shoot down a 61-year-old mailman
Leo Schofield, 79, moved to Hobart to set up a Baroque music festival. He decided to relocate back to New South Wales after the Tasmanian Government cut the festivals funding by 25 per cent. Mr Schofield said he was offered $300,000 for the 2014 festival which was a reduction from the $400,000 the government offered in the previous year. He said he suffered from acute depression after the ordeal.
The former Obama administration official endorsed gay marriage in 2013 after she left the State Department. In a terse interview with NPR last year in which she declined to go into detail about her views on the topic, she repeated that position. Now a presidential candidate, Clinton today gave same-sex marriage her complete backing ahead of the presentation later this month of oral arguments before the Supreme Court on the matter.
Todd Larson, 55, told Daily Mail Online he had parked his collectible Dodge Challenger worth $30,000 in the driveway of his Taylorsville, Utah home on March 25. moments later an ice chunk crashed onto his car at 1.53am. He said the FAA did an investigation and found an A1 aircraft that matched within two minutes of the time the incident happened and when the plane was flying above his home. Mr Larson said he has contacted Delta Airlines and the person in charge of the aircraft has not returned his calls. An incident similar to Larson's occurred earlier this year, when large chunks of ice slammed down into
Italian astronaut Samantha Cristoforetti wore the uniform on Friday. Together with Nasa astronaut Terry Virts she captured the spacecraft. On board it had 4,000lbs of supplies - including a coffee machine. It will remain at the ISS for a month before returning to Earth. The capture happened while the ISS was over the Pacific Ocean, just east of Japan.
The eight-year-old girl who died in a horrific accident in NSW has been identified as Piper. She was travelling with her mother, Chantelle Boddy, and two brothers when the accident happened. It is believed their Holden Astra aqua-planed, spun out of control and ended up on the other side of the road. Seven people involved in the crash were all trapped in the wreckage before being released from the two vehicles. Two boys, aged nine and 12, were airlifted to The Children's Hospital at Westmead.
Nigel Jackson, 59, is accused of murdering his wife in Portugal. Brenda Davidson's body was found in a shallow grave outside their home. At the time he claimed she had committed suicide after cancer diagnosis. But he has now written a letter from jail saying she died during a burglary.
Taxpayers have to find £11billion a year to top up wages of low paid jobs. Money paid to 5.2million workers in form of tax credits and other benefits. Campaigners say figures shine light on how companies making huge profits rely on the taxpayer to ensure their staff have enough money to put food on the table.
Scientists believe they have found tiny triggers inside those cells that give rise to this 'voice' Could someday lead to pills that will be able to quieten that voice or increase its volume.
An idyllic two-bedroom log cabin, nestled down a private country lane in the heart of the New Forest, has gone on the market for £350,000. The 76sq ft hideaway, based near the tiny Hampshire hamlet of Newgrounds, near Godshill, is made entirely from timber imported from Norway. Its ideal location means the cabin is worth more than twice what a similar bolthouse would be worth elsewhere.
Stars including Rihanna and Lady Gaga have been sporting the jewellery. The piercing is a coming-of-age ritual for some North American tribes. In Australia, Aboriginals used the piercing to try and flatten their nose.
The Labor Department reported on Thursday that the number of jobless Americans in their 20s armed with a four-year or advanced degree rose to 12.4per cent last year from 10.9per cent in 2013.
Lib Dem leader Nick Clegg wants existing phone appointments extended. Wants doctors to be able to see patients on video calls. Officials stressed it would only be for minor ailments or progress checks.
Solomon Bygraves, 29, admitted robbing 93-year-old Stanley Evans. Mr Evans was returning from a shopping trip when he was attacked. Bygraves knocked the pensioner to the ground and took his wallet. Mr Evans asked the court to lock Bygraves up for a 'long time' to protect him. Bygraves was sentenced to 30 months in prison at Southwark Crown Court.
Tye Church, 21, and Joe Tobin, 29, were at an art exhibition in Cardiff. They were locked in the former bank vault when the door shut behind them. Pair were fed water through a tube to prevent them becoming dehydrated. Police kept in contact with them to check their oxygen levels. Fire crews had to drill through the wall to rescue the pair.
Shayna Hubers, 24, charged with murder in October 12, 2012, shooting death of 29-year-old Ryan Poston. Hubers told police Poston was 'vain' and she gave him the 'nose job he wanted' by shooting him in the face. Poston's family described his relationship with Hubers as tumultuous and said he was trying to end it.
Patricia Jannuzzi was put on administrative leave last month and was asked to disable her Facebook page when her comments drew wide publicity. Monsignor Seamus Brennan, pastor of the Church of the Immaculate Conception, said in the letter that Catholic teachers should communicate the faith in 'a way that is positive and never hurtful' Jannuzzi's family, fearing she would lose her job, raised more than $31,000 online.
Shane O'Byrne and wife Jaimie received the fine after they took their newborn baby Cristabelle out for the first time in March 2013. In the process of getting out of the car the ticket they had bought fell on the floor just underneath the driver's seat. The couple explained to the authorities what had happened but were not let off the fine. Adamant they would not pay it, the O'Byrne's exchanged a number of letters with the council over the next two years. Row escalating from an initial £25 fine to bailiffs knocking on their door and demanding £400.
Duke of Kent, 79, injured himself while staying at Balmoral estate on Saturday. He was taken to Aberdeen Royal Infirmary on Easter Monday for treatment. Buckingham Palace said today that he had been'successfully' treated for dislocated hip. The Duke appeared downcast as he was driven away by his daughter.
Jarret Stoll, 32, is the longtime boyfriend of Dancing With The Stars host Erin Andrews, 36. The Los Angeles Kings forward was arrested on Friday in Las Vegas, Nevada, on drug possession charges, according to reports. Stoll was arrested on suspicion of possession of cocaine and MDMA at the Wet Republic pool at the MGM Grand Hotel shortly before 5pm. The charges include possession of Class 1, 2, 3 and 4 controlled substances, including cocaine and ecstasy.
Loretta Reinholdt, 54, and Andy Wasinger, 46, were on their second day into a trip from Belize to the Honduran island of Roatan in which they were learning to sail. Four men with guns and knives boarded the sailboat and took all of their money after waving down the sailboat by asking for gas. They also took gasoline, the radio and drinking water from the boat. The pirates pushed the sailboat to the shore of a remote beach in Jeanette Kawas National Park, cut the main sail and tore out the engine wire. The couple and captain made SOS messages with branches along a park trail,
The boy, known only as Hanghang, was using the old handset as an alarm. He said the phone felt hot and then blew up in his face. Doctors said he had 4cm injury to his face which exposed part of his jawbone as well as trauma to his left hand and lower legs and knees.
Two men stripped off during the hottest day of the year so far. They then attempted to rob an Esso petrol station in Caterham, Surrey. The men forced their way into the manager's office looking for cash. But they were disturbed by a member of the garage staff and fled. Police have released CCTV images of the two men to track down their accomplices.
Leon Yeaman, 55, was allegedly killed by a single punch in the head from 28-year-old shift worker Phillip Pama, 28, during a row in front of their north Brisbane homes. Mr Yeaman was reportedly in his yard on Muller Road making a lot of noise at around 9pm Thursday night. Pama, a married father of three, works a 3 am shift at a nearby warehouse and was sleeping at the time Mr Yeaman was making a commotion.
Bergen-Belsen was the final resting place for Jews, Gypsies, homosexuals, Nazi opponents and the disabled. It was liberated by British and Canadian troops in 1945 and the buildings were set alight shortly after. Never-before-seen images were taken by British Reverend Charles Martin King Parsons, who was a chaplain at the camp.
Lisa McElroy, 50, is a law professor at Drexel University in Philadelphia. She allegedly sent a link to a pornographic website to her students on March 31. McElroy appeared on Who Wants to Be a Millionaire in 2010. She got tripped up on the $12,500 level and walked away with $5,000. McElroy has been placed on administrative leave pending an internal investigation.
A monster crocodile has been caught devouring a one metre long lizard in one bite. Fishing guide Carol Gleeson watched as the hungry fresh water crocodile swallowed the water monitor whole. The incident happened at the Mary River near Pine Creek in Northern Territory. It comes just a month after a 4.38 metre croc was caught.
A car crashed through a fence and into the front bedroom of a Breakwater house. The four-month-old girl was airlifted to the Royal Children's Hospital in Melbourne where she remains in an induced coma with life-threatening head injuries. A man and a woman in their 20s, who were in the bedroom at the time, are in Geelong Hospital with minor injuries. The driver, a 20-year-old Grovedale man, is under police guard in Geelong Hospital and is yet to be questioned.
Bishop Robert Finn, 62, offered his resignation under the code of canon law that allows bishops to resign early for illness or some 'grave' reason that makes them unfit for office. Finn got into trouble after he waited six months before notifying police about the Reverand Shawn Ratigan. Ratigan had a computer containing hundreds of lewd photos of young girls taken in and around churches where he worked. He was eventually sentenced to 50 years in prison after pleading guilty to child pornography charges.
Residents in village of Cledford, near Middlewich in Cheshire, vehemently opposed the plans saying travellers could 'intimidate' nearby pensioners. But yesterday, Cheshire East Council gave the proposal the go ahead at a planning meeting, which will create a 'transit site' with room for nine gipsy families. The £3.2million cost of the project was revealed through a Freedom of Information request.
Designers Marc and Shanon Parker have made a Batman Tumbler and Ghostbusters Cadillac. They've also made an Optimus Prime truck and a Tron-inspired motorbike. The brothers from Port Canaveral, Florida, have turned their hobby into a business.
Mayor Rahm Emanuel celebrated Tuesday night a hard-fought victory in a tense run-off race against Cook County Commissioner Jesus 'Chuy' Garcia. Emanuel, a former White House chief of staff notorious for his brusque management style, was forced to campaign furiously across the city to beat Garcia. The mayoral runoff was the first since the city changed the way it conducts elections about 20 years ago. Emanuel had about 56 per cent of the vote compared to around 44 per cent for his opponent.
Rachel Sandridge, 29, from Maryland, was due to undergo the surgery after her weight reached 430lbs. She had to lose weight to qualify and then underwent a routine endoscopy. Her doctor was concerned at signs of inflammation and took a biopsy. Sandridge was then told cancer had been found in her stomach. She is now cancer-free and has dropped her weight from about 430lbs to about 288lbs, including about 50lbs before her gastric bypass.
The Kardashians fended off swooning fans as they entered the Saint James Cathedral in Jerusalem's Old City. Archbishop Aris Shirvanian, an Armenian church official, said the family had arrived for a baptism ceremony. Afterwards, the family dined with Jerusalem mayor Nir Barkat at Mona Restaurant.
Rural towns across Australia are renting out their properties for $1 a week in a bid to attract young families. The Rent-a-farmhouse initiative was set up in 2008 in the NSW town of Cumnock. Town resident Christine Weston says the scheme brought new life to the town of 280 people near Orange. Some of the $1-a-week farmhouses are rundown and in need of renovation, others need a caretaker for the farm or children in the community to keep local schools running.
Aimee West, 24, is said to be in a relationship with Major Paul Draper. The 51-year-old is a former comrade of murdered soldier Lee Rigby. He was a mourner at Miss West's fiance's funeral two years ago. His ex-wife Jane said their children were aware he was dating Miss West.
Fire Chief Gavin Satterfield, 31, and Assistant Fire Chief William 'Billy' Getzendaner, 34, were suspended by the department's oversight board. Satterfield and Getzendaner allegedly told the victim to delete the video and not to tell anyone. The board may vote to suspend the department at a meeting on Monday.
Dr. Fredric Brandt was found dead in his Manhattan home on Easter Sunday. Police report reveals he was suffering from extreme depression. Brandt, a celebrity plastic surgeon, worked with stars including Madonna and Stephanie Seymour. Friends say he was offended by a character on Tina Fey's Netflix show. In it, Martin Short plays a caricatured white-haired cosmetologist called Dr Franff with an inordinate amount of fillers in his face. Sources close to Brandt said the doctor was 'definitely hurt' by an apparent portrayal of himself on the show.
Agnese Klavina, 30, vanished after leaving a nightclub in Marbella last year. Her sister Gunta has now made an emotional video appeal for information. She described her sister as'very beautiful' and spoke of her despair at the lack of news.
Single-serve coffee capsules in 2014 hit over $3 billion in US sales, it's been revealed. The finding was unveiled in a CBS News report by Susan Spencer on one such company that manufactures them, the Vermont-based Keurig Green Mountain. Prices vary, but 24-counts of single-serve coffee capsules - often referred to as K-Cups - usually have list prices between $15.49 and $17.99, with members paying slightly less. 1/3 of homes in the US now feature single-serve coffee machines.
Prime Minister to warn that new Scottish powers could hit English lives. He will call for an annual review of the 'detrimental effect' on the rest of the UK. There is growing resentment in England and Wales at 'apartheid' between north and south.
Piper Kulk, 8, died on Sunday morning, hours after the fatal crash. Her brother William, 9, died in hospital on Sunday evening. They had spent the day at the Royal Easter Show in Sydney. Their grandmother Helen Boddy, 54, aqua-planed and swerved into the path of an oncoming ute. Seven people involved in the crash were all trapped in the wreckage before being released from the two vehicles by emergency services.
A man stormed the runway at Ellery's Mercedes-Benz Fashion Week Australia show at Carriageworks in Sydney on Sunday night. The man, understood to be a neighbour of the venue, walked onto the runway while designer Kym Ellery was taking her bow. Eye witnesses tell Daily Mail Australia that 'dramatic' loud music boomed throughout the 15-minute show.
Andrew O'Clee, 36, jailed for eight months after admitting bigamy. Profile on Plenty of Fish matching his description found online. It claims he is 'looking for a relationship' and lives in London. O'Clee led a double life, duping his first wife into believing he needed to spend periods away from the family home in a ‘safe house’ because he was involved in a serious fraud trial.
Politicians have been trying their best to get their faces in as many places as possible during election campaign. Conservative MPs were told to pose for'selfies' as often as possible to increase party's exposure on social media websites. David Cameron has been seen donning cheesy grins on numerous occasions, as he poses beside voters during his country-wide visits.
A loo version of the Iron Throne was built by a team of Hollywood prop makers. The Super Fan Builds team, led by master designer Tim Baker, used jigsaws, grinders and special paint that gives wood a metallic effect. The creation came just as the much-anticipated fifth season of the show hit television screens.
Diana’s final wishes for the disposal of her £21.4 million estate are among a vast archive of wills dating back to 1858 now available to view online. Those of Winston Churchill and George Orwell can also be seen. In her will, Diana’s butler Paul Burrell was bequeathed the sum of £50,000, free of inheritance tax.
cobbles will be lifted from their current place and cut in half to make surface smoother. The area dates back to the 19th century when Bristol Floating Harbour was built. History of the area dates back to May 1809 when 83 acres of the tidal River Avon was impounded to keep ships afloat at all times. Bristol City Council said the reaction to the scheme had been 'overwhelmingly' in support from cyclists, pedestrians and wheelchair users.
Post Office failed to properly investigate why money went missing from branches. Many were sacked, stripped of their savings and even jailed after cash shortfalls were recorded at some branches. Post Office asked forensic accountants Second Sight to investigate IT system in 2012 following complaints from dozens of subpostmasters.
Ella Dawson, a recent graduate of Wesleyan University who resides in New York City, was diagnosed with herpes two years ago. According to the CDC about 17 per cent of people ages 14-19 have genital herpes caused by HSV2. Dawson said that even though herpes is often the bud of the joke in popular culture, it's a real issue affecting at least one in six Americans.
A bizarre tale of torture and amnesia is set to unfold in a Queensland court. The case involves a man from central Queensland who has been charged with torture. On Saturday a 29-year-old man was admitted to Bundaberg Hospital. He was suffering from fractures, head injuries and burns. While in hospital, the victim claimed to be suffering from amnesia. The 32-year-old accused is due to appear at Bundaberg Magistrates Court on Monday.
Two-year-old Zeke Celello was overcome with emotion when Clinton announced. He told his mother that 2016 is his year to shine and run for President. Video was uploaded to his mother Erin's Facebook page yesterday.
The lawsuit by Erica Kinsman, which seeks damages from the former Seminoles quarterback, was filed two weeks before the April 30 NFL draft. Winston has denied the allegations and prosecutors declined to file charges against him in late 2013. He also was cleared by the university following a two-day student conduct hearing last year.
Khamenei, the Islamic Republic's most powerful figure and who has the last say on all state matters, was making his first comments on the interim deal. In remarks apparently meant to keep hardline loyalists in line, he warned about 'deceptive' intentions of the United States. 'Instant annulment of all sanction is one of the demands of our officials,' Khamenei said in a speech broadcast live on state television. But he hedged on whether there will be a deal in place at all by the June 30 deadline.
Ashley Mote, 79, of Binsted, Hampshire, is on trial at London's Southwark Crown Court. He is accused of string of fraud-related offences including acquiring criminal property and obtaining a money transfer by deception. Some of the money he allegedly made went towards funding various legal costs he had built up as a result of being prosecuted in UK for benefit fraud offences. He denies 11 offences alleged to have taken place between November 2004 and July 2010.
Researchers at Stanford University examined teachers' views of race. They found teachers were more likely to judge black students more harshly. Black students are disproportionately punished for misbehaviour in the US.
Third graders in Orange, New Jersey, and high school students in the Philadelphia Student Union have sent letters to Abu-Jamal. They were delivered by Johanna Fernandez, a professor of history at Baruch College. Abu-Jamal, 60, was taken to hospital on April 2 after collapsing in the bathroom of the State Correctional Institution at Mahanoy. The official reason for his hospitalization has not been released. However reports say he was suffering high blood sugar levels.
Joy Webb, 17, took her 80-year-old grandfather James Drain as her date to prom this past Saturday. Webb says she asked her grandfather to prom because he never got to attend his own prom. Drain enlisted in the Navy in 1951 at the age of 17 and would have been serving in the Korean War when his own prom happened.
Groups such as California-based Wings of Rescue or South Carolina-based Pilots N Paws recruit pilots to volunteer their planes, fuel and time. The two non-profits say their concept has been a roaring success with the numbers increasing year-on-year. It's estimated that more than 4 million U.S. pets are euthanized every year.
Driver Dominique Granier said the smell was a'sanitation risk' Local union rep Bernard Gotis was disgusted by the comments. But bus company TAM has 'outsourced' part of the route, he said.
Loren Mathieson filmed her pet Boston Terrier, Gizmo, performing the gravity-defying stunt one day at home after he tried on a set of new booties. To date the video of his circus-like trick has been watched more than 80,000 times.
Shocking video shows young girl firing machine gun at ISIS fighters. Tells man behind camera she has killed 400 extremists so far. He encourages her to kill more, as he says: 'Kill, kill' But whether she has actually hit anything is unclear.
Eric Lee Gates and his adult daughter, Chalena Mae Moody, had asked the appeals court to overturn a decision for the baby to be put in foster care. The baby boy was taken away just four days after he was born in Oregon. The pair have two children together - born in 2013 and 2014 - a third died in utero.
Rescue teams were called to Meadowbank in Sydney's west about 11pm on Wednesday. A 160kg man who fell down a stormwater drain was rescued by 15 firefighters. The man sustained injuries to his shoulder and leg and was taken to hospital.
The pups came from as far away as New Jersey and Tennessee in hopes of landing a new nickname: 'Beautiful Bulldog' A 2-year-old dog from Des Moines named Tank won the 36th annual Beautiful Bulldog contest Sunday at Drake University. Tank received top honors as well as a crown and cape.
Queen Margrethe of Denmark was celebrating her 75th birthday today. She was joined by her son and heir, Crown Prince Frederik, 46, and his wife Crown Princess Mary, 43, and their four children. Waiting below was an enormous flag-waving crowd who went into raptures as the royals appeared. Members of other European royal dynasties, among them Sweden's and Norway's, were also present.
The audience at the filming of Thursday night’s debate cheered calls for more public spending and strong defences of immigration. When Ukip leader Nigel Farage said they were prejudiced, ‘even by the Left-wing standards of the BBC’, the audience only booed him further. The audience had not been selected by the BBC, but by a ‘reputable polling organisation’, later to be revealed to be ICM.
Michael Shepard, 35, served 15 years in prison for molesting two boys, age six and nine, at a roller rink in 1998. After his release, he moved into Cedar Hollow apartments in Pinellas Park and told neighbors he was a sex offender. He told them he had been in prison for a 'Romeo and Juliet romance' with a preacher's daughter.
Kudahuvadhoo is located in the southern area of the Dhaalu Atoll, in the Indian Ocean. Locals reported witnessing 'a low-flying jumbo jet' on the morning of March 8 last year when MH370 disappeared. Despite an exhaustive search that is underway along a 600 square kilometre arc approximately 1800 kilometres southwest of Perth, locals believe they identified red and blue markings, similar to those of the missing plane.
Kat Lee's desperate plea on Facebook has gone viral as she shared images of her son following surgery for his broken jaw in two places and fractured cheekbone. She said a group of five, including four teenagers and an adult, attacked her son over money owed for a hot dog. Ms Lee's Facebook post has gained more than 7,500 shares.
In the first three months of the year, 434,775 people waited longer than four hours. Some 4,830 patients a day are forced to wait in A&E every day. Over the past year, more than 1.4 million people were forced to wait longer than the target time. It is now 89 weeks since hospital A&Es met their waiting targets.
Shaun Ingram booked his Ford Focus ST in for MOT at Halfords in Plymouth. But when he went to collect his car, he was shocked to discover a mechanic had taken it for a joyride at 57mph in a 30mph zone. Mr Ingram, from Saltash in Cornwall, says it shows it was a pre-planned thing, not a spur of the moment thing when he took it in for an MOT.
Julie Creffield was told she was too fat to run when she was a size 18. She completed a marathon and has done numerous other races since. Now she's encouraging other women to take up the sport regardless of size.
Yingying Dou ran the essay writing site MyMaster. It reportedly charged up to $1000 per assignment and was used by hundreds of students across 12 NSW universities. The University of Sydney was provided with evidence that its students had ordered 40 assignments from the MyMaster website. But internal emails show just five students have been found guilty of cheating. Ms Dou has denied knowing anything about the website which has now been taken down.
One in five Chinese restaurants selling shark fin soup exploiting legal loophole. loophole allows people to bring 20kg of fins into the country if it is for personal consumption. Charity Bite-Back discovered loophole after inspectors raided London restaurant. Royal China Club was reported after boasting of selling soup and another dish made from ground shark teeth. More than 70 million sharks are killed each year for their fins.
Emily Thornberry has come out against right to buy policy from tenants. But eight years ago she and her husband bought £1m housing association home. Tories said she opposed right to buy but not 'right to buy to let'
Peter Mutty was caught with two cartons of beer, one box of red wine and one box of white wine in his car on August 31 last year. The possession of alcohol is illegal in Saudi Arabia. Mutty was sentenced to six months jail and 75 lashes. He received 28 of the 75 lashes he was sentenced to have. The 57-year-old has been unable to leave Saudi Arabia or work as he has been banned from travelling out of the country.
Emmanuel Sithole was attacked in Alexandra township near Johannesburg. He was left bleeding to death in a gutter after being repeatedly stabbed. Doctors tried in vain to save his life after he collapsed in street. Medical centre 300 feet away was closed because it was also a foreigner.
Labour leader Harold Wilson feared working class voters would stay at home and watch a repeat of popular comedy Steptoe and Son on the night of the 1964 election. He approached BBC Director General Sir Hugh Greene at his home. Mr Wilson feared the planned repeat of the show would cost him 20 seats. Sir Hugh agreed to change the time of the show from 8pm to 9pm. At the peak of the show's popularity 28 million people tuned in.
Dale and Debra Krein of Rogue River, Oregon, filed a suit in 2012 against neighbors John Updegraff and Karen Szewc. They claimed the Tibetan mastiffs had been barking until 5am since 2002. A jury ruled in their favor, ordering the canines to be debarked within 60 days.
Jeff Richmond, who is an executive producer on Tina Fey's Netflix show Unbreakable Kimmy Schmidt, spoke exclusively to Daily Mail Online. He described the death of Fredric Brandt, 65, on Sunday as'very sad' Sources close to Brandt said he was 'definitely hurt' by an apparent portrayal of himself on the Netflix show. The character in question, Dr Franff, had a high-pitched laugh, a speech and absurd habits like drinking from a surgical bag.
Officials said Izzat Ibrahim al-Douri had died in fighting north of Baghdad. Al-Douri headed the Naqshbandi Order insurgent group, an important faction behind the recent rise of ISIS. He was the King of Clubs in the infamous pack of cards the US issued of wanted members of Saddam's regime after its collapse.
Tokyo researchers have proposed a laser system to attach to the ISS. It would be used to shoot down pieces of debris in Earth orbit. The system would have a range of 62 miles (100km) and could target things less than 0.4 inches (1cm) in size. Powerful pulses from the laser would then push space junk into Earth’s atmosphere, where it would burn up. The paper, by researchers at the Riken research institute in Tokyo, was published in Acta Astronautica.
A third of people aged 16-34 have deleted their facebook accounts. Almost 60 per cent of Britons aged over 55 now have a Facebook account. Facebook has even started running television adverts to entice ‘silver surfers’ to join.
Firm has been hit by new rules on payday lending and forced to pay compensation to customers who were sent fake legal letters. Wonga's revenues fell by nearly £100million last year to £217.2million. Chairman Andy Haste says the company may ditch its controversial brand.
Green support falls to 15%, down from 28% in February, survey shows. Proportion of students who dislike Natalie Bennett doubles to 24%. Comes as Green party launches Youth Manifesto with £1.1billion pledge.
The champion leg spinner turned cricket commentating into an art form, earning him the title of 'the Voice of Cricket' His commentary was understated, measured and often extremely funny, and his one-liners were perfectly timed. His sayings from the hundreds of Test and One Day cricket matches he commentated on across the world were often what fans remembered from important moments.
Bobby Brown was performing at the Verizon Theatre in Dallas on Saturday when he told the audience that 'Bobbi is awake. She's watching me' The singer didn't elaborate on if his daughter had regained consciousness or if he was talking instead about her spirit. There have been reports in recent weeks that Bobby and his desire to keep his daughter on life support is at odds with the family of Whitney Houston.
PM to say Labour and SNP are'really on the same side' and want'more borrowing' SNP backed Labour in 27 out of 28 votes on welfare and 62 out of 65 on the economy. Labour and the SNP have ruled out a formal coalition but refused to do the same for a looser arrangement that would prop up a minority government.
Italian Alex Bellini will live atop an iceberg in Greenland starting next year. He will live inside a contained ball, with no means to escape for 12 months. The capsule will be 10ft (three metres) wide and could fit 10 people. But Mr Bellini will remove all of the seats apart from one, for himself. Previous feats by the explorer include running more than 14,000 miles (22,500km), rowing more than 21,000 miles (34,000km) and spending 560 days in isolation.
Boeing 737's left main landing gear came off due to heat damage to chrome plating. Plane skidded along the runway for 380ft before coming to a stop. Plane’s 38-year-old captain and co-pilot escaped injury.
Joel Burger, 24, popped the question to Ashley King, 23. The pair from New Berlin, Illinois, went through high school together. But they didn't start dating until they were about to part ways for college.
A second election swiftly after polling day is 'extremely likely' Professor Paul Whiteley of the University of Essex said: 'I don't see another coalition government lasting five years' Other experts also warned that a'messy and unstable' left-wing alliance was likely to be in power.
Change4Life promoting dishes with up to 29g of sugar per serving. Apricot Bread Pudding has slightly more sugar than Snickers bar. A Banana and Apricot Bagel has more sugar than a bowl of Frosties.
Analysis of what Brits were searching for during last night's TV debate. Viewers wanted to know why David Cameron was a no-show. Contest saw Labour's Ed Miliband, SNP's Nicola Sturgeon, Ukip's Nigel Farage, Green's Natalie Bennett and Plaid Cymru's Leanne Wood.
Charlie Linville, 29, from Boise, Idaho, lost his right leg and several fingers in an explosion in Afghanistan in 2011. He is using a specially designed metal foot outfitted with a climbing boot and another one with crampons in his quest to conquer the 8,850-meter (29,035-foot) summit next month. His quest last year was thwarted following the deaths of 16 Sherpa guides in April when an avalanche swept down.
Jannik Andersen, 23, was attending Coachella Valley Music and Arts Festival. He was struck and killed by a Union Pacific train in Indio, California. University of Colorado student was pronounced dead less than 40 minutes later. On Monday, friends paid tribute to 'genuine' and 'always happy' man. They described him as 'happiest dude in the world' and'most genuine friend' Singer Mac DeMarco, who was performing at festival, paid his respects on Twitter.
Waheed Ahmed, 21, is the son of Labour councillor Shakil Ahmed. He was arrested when he landed in the UK earlier this week. Eight of his relatives were stopped at the Turkish border with Syria. They were arrested by Turkish police within walking distance of the border. Waheed was deported by the Turkish authorities and flown back to the UK. He was held at Birmingham Airport but has now been released without charge.
First robot to be sent into the radioactive reactor of Fukushima has stalled. The 'transformer' robot was supposed to be able to function for 10 hours. But it stalled before it could complete its operation and had to be abandoned. A second robot mission scheduled for Monday was postponed as engineers investigated the cause of the malfunction. Nearly 16,000 people lost their lives in the natural disaster and subsequent devastation.
The reality star's 352-page collection of selfies will be officially released on May 24. A set of 500 limited edition copies of Selfish sold out in less than one minute.
Kendall and Baylee Martin were born three months ago with very different skin. Kendall has black skin, while Baylee has white skin inherited from her father. Their father, Curtis Martin, is half-Jamaican, while their mother is white. As non-identical twins, they were created when two eggs were fertilised. This means they have inherited different genes from their parents.
Me-Bai was sold to provide rides for tourists in Thailand when she was three-and-a-half years old, and didn't see her mother, Mae Yui, for three years. She was recently rescued and brought to the sanctuary after a tiring 62-mile (100km) trek in the hot sun that lasted four days. Emotional video shows the elephants caressing each other with their trunks and flapping their ears – seemingly in joy - after spending an uncertain half an hour together.
A new Kansas law tells poor families that they can't use cash assistance from the state to attend concerts, go swimming, visit theme parks or buy lingerie. The taxpayer-funded Temporary Assistance for Needy Families program, currently provides cash payments of up to $497 per month for a family of four. The new restrictions, regarding Kansas applicants, have inspired national criticism and mockery from The Daily Show.
Danielle Davies gave birth to Harley at nearly 12lb following an eight hour labour. She insisted on a natural birth - not realising she was about to deliver a massive baby. Midwives were so surprised they had to weigh him twice. He already fits into clothes designed for babies aged three to six months.
Police charged 34-year-old Paul Johnson-Yarosevich of Acton, Maine, on Monday with prohibited use of computer. The investigation started in December after the father of a pre-teen girl told police about the contact. Authorities soon learned that the girl was sending the photos to a grown man.
Carlos Boente, 33, was serving time at HMP Birmingham for similar offences. He began contacting the 19-year-old woman in November 2013. Told her he had no family and nobody visited him in prison. Then bombarded her with thousands of texts and calls telling her he had friends on the outside watching her and even sent her a picture of her front door. In January last year he made numerous abusive calls to the woman. Even sent three men to the home of the woman's aunt and uncle. Was found guilty of conspiracy to burgle, harassment and a phone possession charge.
Michelle, 27, unveils summer range for Lipsy. Full of lace dresses and playsuits. Recently unveiled as face of Garnier Ambre Solaire No Streaks Bronzer Self Tan range.
Oratilwe Hlongwane, whose DJ name is AJ, is still learning to put together words. But he is already able to select and play music from a laptop and has become a worldwide phenomenon. His recent performance at a shopping mall in Johannesburg gathered a large crowd from fans desperate to hear his bass-heavy house music.
Caron Wyn Jones, father of Welsh First Minister Carwyn Jones, underwent a hip operation at a private clinic in Bridgend. He paid because the Welsh NHS could not perform the operation soon enough. Disclosure came as Mr Miliband unveiled his General Election manifesto for the NHS.
Lord Prescott said he cannot see a problem with the future King writing to ministers. The intervention comes after the Supreme Court backed a previous ruling paving the way for the publication of Prince Charles's so-called 'black spider' memos. The letters were penned between September 2004 and March 2005 and sent by the Prince to seven government departments.
Figures reveal thousands more people contacted police with abuse allegations. South Yorkshire saw a 577 per cent increase in reported cases over five years. Thames Valley Police made 191 arrests in relation to child sex abuse. Despite a surge in reports, number of arrests fell by nine per cent.
Angelina Santini from San Diego, California, filmed her nine-month-old son Marcus getting carried away in his bouncer one day. The comical clip shows the youngster lurching back and forth with the device almost touching the floor.
Patricia Ebel, 49, was driving her 10-year-old grandson home after a day at the pool in Naples, Florida. She crashed her black BMW into a car that was stopped at an intersection. Ebel was captured on video staggering as she failed all field-sobriety-tests. She is facing DUI charges including driving with a.15-or-greater blood alcohol content with a minor in the car.
Linda Hogan purchased the 23.63-acre property for $3.5 million a year after she divorced the WWE Hall of Famer in 2009. Called Villa di Montagna, the compound encompasses a hilltop near the 16th and 17th tees at the gated Wood Ranch Golf & Country Club community. Built in 2005, the Tuscan-style mansion has five bedrooms and 5.5 baths.
Former Philadelphia District Attorney Lynne Abraham collapsed on stage 10 minutes into Tuesday night's Democratic mayoral debate. A doctor evaluating Abraham backstage told her she probably suffered a sudden drop in blood pressure due to the unforgiving stage lights. She sat out the rest of the debate and said she would not let the incident impact her campaign. In a poll conducted after the debate, 54 per cent of participants said they would vote for Abraham in the Democratic primary scheduled for May 19.
A grand jury charged Durst with possession of a firearm by a felon, and possession of both a firearm and an illegal drug: 5 ounces of marijuana. Until his indictment Wednesday, Durst had been arrested but not formally charged in connection with the.38-caliber revolver authorities say was found in his hotel room. Durst's attorneys maintain that the arrest on weapons charges was illegal, partly because FBI agents searched Durst's hotel room without a search warrant and before his arrest.
Work at Dome of the Rock was simply to replace worn-down carpet. But when the old carpet was lifted, it revealed previously undocumented ancient floor designs. They could point to where the gold-cased Ark of the Covenant was buried. Jewish tradition says the Ark of the Covenant is buried under the Dome. But the new flooring has sparked a war of words between the Waqf, the Muslim authority that administers the Al Aqsa Mosque compound, and Israeli archaeological authorities.
Faith Myers, 14, from Nebraska, was filmed by her mother as she woke in bed still 'high' from the procedure's anesthesia. Footage shows her being quizzed about what she would like to eat, with the thought of a shake clearly filling her with dread.
Shaneah and Shayanna Jenkins, from Bristol, Connecticut, have not spoken since it became clear that Hernandez had a role in Lloyd's brutal death.
The Tiger of Mysore ruled one of the world's oldest empires,conquering India in 1799. Troops plundered the city and the palace, returning to Britain with gold, jewellery, arms, armour, clothing and even Tipu's grand throne. This month, a collection of the historic artefacts from this exotic empire will go on sale at London auction house Bonhams. Experts expect them to fetch a total of around £1million.
Alex Impey is breaking the law selling marijuana to help those suffering from serious illness. He receives 20 new requests for help each week at his hemp store, Gnostic Hemporium, on the NSW Central Coast, north of Sydney. Mr Impey says he is providing help where it's needed. Larisa Rule, three, suffered brain damage at birth, leaving her partially blind and deaf, and with cerebral palsy and epilepsy. Within two days she was having up to 60 seizures a day - some lasting more than an hour. Doctors tried all conventional methods and a continuous flow of medications to try and
Elijah Overcomer, 26, left Gloriavale, a town of about 500 on New Zealand's west coast, with his wife, Rosanna, 29, and their children in late March 2013. Shortly after their departure, the family watched the 2004 psychological thriller The Village. In the film, residents of a pretend 19th century village fear the 'wicked' outside world. The Overcomers have lived outside Gloriavale for two years.
President Barack Obama all but endorsed her saying 'I think she would be an excellent president' The advisers said Clinton will argue that voters have a similar choice in 2016. Clinton also intends to sell herself as being able to work with Congress, businesses and world leaders.
Rhodri Giggs has lost his job as a HGV driver after being banned from driving. The 37-year-old was found guilty of driving a Mercedes C200 without insurance. He was forced to hand over his licence having already accrued six points. In January, Giggs spoke for the first time about his brother Ryan's affair.
UFO researcher Scott Waring says he has spotted an extra-terrestrial spacecraft in a 55-year-old photo from Nasa's Mercury Project. Scientists say claims such as this are a case of pareidolia, which tricks the brain into seeing familiar objects in random places.
Marathon season is in full swing with the London Marathon set to take place a week on Sunday. Femail writer and marathon runner Lucy Waterlow tested out £130 adidas Ultra Boost trainers against Aldi's budget £19.99 pair. At £130, the shoes only offer value for money if you intend to run in them often but the bumpy undersole doesn't seem to be that durable.
The couple, who are in their 30s, were convicted of noise pollution and harassment. Neighbours in San Martino, Italy, described the wails of passion as 'deafening' The pair were sentenced to four months in prison in 2011 but appealed. They have now been ordered to pay £7,000 in damages and £2,000 in legal fees.
CNN reported Tuesday that Russian hackers breached White House's unclassified computer network last year. The hackers were able to access President Obama's non-public schedule, which is considered highly sensitive by foreign intelligence agencies. In October 2014, the White House acknowledged there had been suspicious activity on its unclassified network serving the executive office.
Rogue One is the first of three standalone Star Wars films planned by Disney. Director Gareth Edwards debuted concept art and concept reel at the Star Wars Celebration convention in Anaheim, California, on Sunday. The film will follow a band of resistance fighters who unite to steal the Death Star plans.
No Man's Land Fort, a Victorian sea fort in the middle of the Solent, is set to open this month. The spectacular hotel looks like could be a fortress of a James Bond villain and can sleep 44 guests with a capacity of 200. The hotel has been transformed by AmaZing Venues to become a luxury hotel, and is set to open on April 23.
The 4th District Court of Appeal in San Diego upheld a lower court ruling that tossed out a family's lawsuit trying to block the Encinitas Union School District from teaching yoga. Stephen and Jennifer Sedlock and their two children claimed the school district's yoga classes promoted Hinduism and inhibited Christianity. The First Amendment bans school-sponsored religious promotion and prayer.
Syrian-born Abdul Hadi Arwani was found dead in his car on April 7. Leslie Cooper, 36, appeared in court on Thursday charged with murder. Burnell Mitchell, brother of Boney M's lead singer, was also arrested. A woman, 53, and man, 61, were arrested on suspicion of terror offences.
Sheree and Sophie Morgan allowed their bank accounts to be used in scam. Fraudster conned 86-year-old man and his 84-year-old wife out of £36,000. They were contacted by a man pretending to be a detective sergeant. He urged the couple to transfer money into various accounts 'for their own security' He made eight incorrect withdrawals before correctly guessing a £50 Asda bill. The couple tried to get their money back when they realised they had been duped. But their plea was refused after banks said staff had acted 'without negligence' Sheree also recruited ex-boyfriend Daniel Webster and her
Violet Pietrok, who lives in Portland, Oregon, was born with frontonasal dysplasia, a malformation of the face and head that is developed in the womb. She also had a large central cleft in her face and a growth over her left eye. Plastic surgeon Dr. John Meara of Boston Children's Hospital spent months preparing for Violet's surgery, specifically with molds of her skull that were made using a 3D printer.
Michael Buckley, 60, died after being hit by a shopping trolley at M&S. Court heard shopper Melanie Buck 'deliberately ramming' him with her trolley. Mr Buckley broke his wrist and thigh bones after crashing to the floor. He died in intensive care three months later due to complications. Buck, 33, from Bromley, denies manslaughter and inflicting GBH.
Jemma Peacock, 31, has a rare form of stomach cancer called wild-type gastrointestinal cancer. The mother-of-two is currently taking three drugs to try to prolong her life. The third and most effective drug - regorafenib - costs the NHS £1,000 a week. It has been removed from the health service's approved list of treatments. Mrs Peacock says she cannot afford to buy the drug privately and has called on NHS England to reverse their decision.
Restaurants serving cat meat are springing up across northern Vietnam. Cat knappers are paid anything between £37 to £52 per animal, depending on size. Cat meat was banned in Vietnam in 1997 but business is booming.
Jeremy Trentelman, 36, of Ogden, Utah, built the box fort for his children last week. Code enforcement officials told him to take it down or pay a fine of $125. Trentelman says he will not contest the letter because he doesn't want to turn the castle into something negative.
Three quarters of parents still have at least one adult living with them. But only 42 per cent charge their children rent - and 80 per cent still buy their adult child’s groceries.
Nearly 90per cent of U.S. adults now say they have health insurance. When tracking began in 2008 roughly 14per cent of citizens were uninsured, peaking at 18per cent in the third quarter of 2013. But for the first three months of this year the rate dropped to 11.9per cent.
Britney E. Montenegro, 20, was arrested in downtown Orlando, Florida, about 2.40am Saturday. The fight is believed to have started inside a bar before spilling out onto the streets. Police used an 'arm-bar takedown technique' to restrain Montenegro. She was charged with disorderly conduct.
One reservoir was recently discovered on the ultraslow spreading Knipovich ridge, in the deep Fram Strait of the Arctic Ocean. Scientists believe the gas forms through a process called serpentinisation. Serpentinisation occurs when seawater reacts with hot mantle rocks exhumed along large faults within the seafloor. The reservoir is secure, and scientists don't believe they will impact climate change. Instead, they say similar formations could someday be used to store methane, that can later be used as fuel.
Ed Miliband will today pledge to cut the deficit every year if Labour wins election. He will warn supporters that Labour faces coming to power in a 'time of scarcity' Launching the party’s manifesto in Manchester, Mr Miliband will claim ‘not one policy’ in it would be funded through additional government borrowing.
More than 160 melon-headed whales have washed up on Japanese beaches. The mass stranding has triggered fears of an impending earthquake. Fears were based on appearance of 50 whales six days before 2011 earthquake. However, experts have dismissed the claims as being 'unscientific'
The average Australian sheds the equivalent of a 50 gram packet of chips every week in dry skin. Dust mites are the number one cause of allergies in Australian homes. More than 1,000 dust mites live in just one metre square of carpet. They produce approximately 2000 droppings in their lifetime. An average bed can have approximately 10,000 dust mites living in it at one time, however it's not the dust mites that cause nasty allergic reactions, but their droppings.
Martina Levato and Alexander Boettcher accused of carrying out acid attacks. Court heard they planned to throw 'corrosive liquid' at men she had previously been linked to. The 23-year-old also tried to castrate a man's genitals while in his car, it was claimed.
Tony Degrafreed, of Indianapolis, Indiana, has been charged with murder for allegedly beating to death wife Rebecca Degrafreed, 47, at their home in July 2014. Marion County prosecutor's office filed the request on Monday, for life without the chance of parole for Degrafreed. In January 1994, Tony Degrafreed was arrested and charged with the murder of his estranged 26-year-old wife, Stacy Degrafreed. He was convicted of murder in 1995 and sentenced to 30 years in prison, but served less than half of that sentence.
Dozens of anarchists have made their squalid home in a litter-strewn shanty town. Squatters are linked to the Occupy London movement that caused chaos in London when they set up camp outside St Paul's Cathedral in 2011. Battle to evict the squatters is set to come to a head just before the Magna Carta anniversary on June 15.
The Suzy Lamplugh Trust said the T-shirts mock a serious issue which affects one in six women. They play into people's fear of being laughed at, which prevents victims from seeking help with stalkers.
Gianni Van, 45, is accused of the 1995 murder of Gonzalo Ramirez, whose blindfolded, bloodied body was found on the side of an Irvine, California road. Prosecutors say Van killed Ramirez as revenge for raping his on-and-off girlfriend Norma Esparza. Van's lawyer said his client had no knowledge of the plan to harm Ramirez and was threatened that he would suffer a similar fate if he snitched.
A six-storey building being demolished collapsed 'like a pancake' Workers fled for their lives after the fifth, fourth and third floors crashed down on to the rest of the building. One man suffered head injuries and a broken arm and was treated by colleagues trained in first aid until an ambulance arrived. Building is yards from where an underground cable fire tore through Holborn on April 1 costing local firms £40million.
Gavin Munro grows young trees into specially-designed plastic moulds. Pruning and guiding the branches into shape before grafting them together. Using this method he's already created several prototype pieces.
Female stars including Nancy Dell'Olio, Josie Gibson, Jamelia and Susanna Reid have all stepped up to the plate. Women take an average of six selfies before posting one online and men take four, such is the pressure to look their very best. Nearly half of women and almost a third of men are unhappy with the way they look.
Volvo teamed up with a Swedish start-up to make a temporary light reflective spray for cyclists, called Life Paint. The paint has proved so popular that the trial cans up for grabs at certain cycling shops in London were snapped up in days. It contains powder-fine reflective particles designed to react to a car’s headlights, alerting drivers to the presence of cyclists in the dark. Dispensed in a spray can, the paint can be washed off meaning it can be applied to clothes, helmets, pushchairs, dog leads and obviously, bikes.
Four in five families use technology to deal with bored children. Another 70 per cent give their kids treats to sweeten the ride. One in five NSW families admit they have used sedatives to knock their kids out so their journey will be more pleasant. The medical community claim the sedative Phenergan should not be used on children younger than two years old.
Lisa Webb, 34, is the author of Canadian Expat Mom blog. Moved to France in 2009 and worked as assistant elementary school principal. She was shocked to find rti de boeuf and cordon bleu de dinde on menu.
Rochelle Coulson, 21, has not worked for five years because of her weight. She suffers from sleep apnoea - a condition often linked to obesity. Condition leaves her so tired that she falls asleep unexpectedly at night. She says she would be a 'danger' in the workplace if she worked. Doctors have warned her to lose weight to cure her condition. But she says she needs a state-funded support worker to write her meal plans.
Unnamed man was running ahead of the animal when he was gored. Was trying to make it to safety behind a set of iron bars when he fell. Despite his desperate efforts to climb back up, the bull hit him in the bottom. Incident happened during the annual bullrunning celebration in Teulada, Spain.
Michelle Woods, from Norton in Teesside, was told by her daughter'something was moving' in the bath. When she went to check what was there, she came face to face with the reptile. Ms Woods, 44, said: 'I nearly jumped out of my skin and slammed the door shut' She called the RSPCA, who were unable to help - so in desperation, posted an appeal on Facebook. A local woman who keeps snakes identified the reptile as a corn snake. Ms Woods believes the previous tenant may have kept snakes as pets and lost them while moving.
MailOnline caught up with the world's most extravagant 18 to 26-year-olds who blew their cash in Miami, New York, Marbella and Monaco. While the glamorous Scolaro sisters 'partied with A-list movie stars', self-made millionaire Tomer Sror continued to earn hundreds of thousands in minutes over online trades.
University of Manchester researchers have revealed an HD dark matter map. It shows clumps of mystery particles across 0.4 per cent of the sky. The goal is to eventually map 12.5 per cent over five years. Red here shows more dark matter, and blue shows less. The map was released today at the April meeting of the American Physical Society in Baltimore, Maryland.
Mike Fregoe of Massapequa Park, New York built a snowman in January, when it was more than 9-feet tall. Since then, the snowman's height has fluctuated as late winter storms have continued to dump snow even into March. The Fregoes started a Facebook page asking for'snownations' to keep their beloved Frosty alive.
The Goop founder has pledged to live on just $29 worth of food for a week, in order to raise awareness and funds for New York's food banks.
The three dogs - a Husky called Sky, a Springer Spaniel called Sadie and a black and white Springer Spaniel called Marshall - take their positions on their make-shift stage. The trio point their noses to the sky and howl together in harmony. The howling goes on for quite a few seconds with none of the dogs showing any signs of letting up.
Flight 448 from Seattle to Los Angeles returned to Seattle 14 minutes into flight after pilot and passengers heard banging. Cargo hold where the worker was trapped is temperature controlled and pressurized, so he was not in danger of running out of oxygen. The worker was taken to a hospital as a precaution.
International Monetary Fund predicts UK economy will grow by 2.7% this year. Beating only the United States which it says will grow by 2.4% in 2016. George Osborne says it is 'further proof our economic plan is working' Tories buoyed by news inflation remains at zero per cent for second month.
Britain set for another week of warm weather, with forecasters predicting temperatures could rise as high as 25C (77F) by Wednesday. Comes after Friday saw the hottest day of the year so far with 21.9C (71.4F) observed at St James's Park in London. But winds of more than 75mph were recorded in north Wales today, and snow was also reported to have fallen on high ground in northern England. Met Office has a severe wind warning in place until 5pm today for North Wales and northern England from Derby up to Northallerton.
Sharmeena Begum, 15, was raised by her uncle Shamim Miah, 38. He encouraged her to pray each dawn before classes at Bethnal Green Academy. He blames the airport authorities, police and her school for letting her flee. He has turned for advice to Cage, the hardline human rights group.
The co-authors of 'Bubba Yum Yum: The Paleo Way' have spoken out in defence of Pete Evans decision to release the book independently. Charlotte Carr and Helen Padarin said they are 'confident' about the changes they have made to the book since it was branded with major health warnings. 'We're very confident that this is a very safe, gentle, beautiful book for children,' Carr said. The cookbook was dumped by publishers Pan Macmillan after it was revealed that one of the recipes included the ingredients liver and bone broth.
Chancellor repeatedly ducked questions about how massive cash boost would be paid for. He said it would come from Conservatives’ ‘balanced plan’ for the economy. But he declined to go into further detail about how it would be funded.
Craig Stoner, 24, Darren Smalley, 35, Joshua Finbow, 23, and Simon Radford, 31, each charged with one count of sexual assault. Alleged attack said to have taken place at barracks where Canada's Atlantic Fleet are based.
David Atherton, 65, was about to put his meal in the oven when he spotted the reptile. The pensioner scooped up the black and white California king and placed it in a plastic food recycling box before alerting the police. Atherton's 73-year-old sister has an extreme phobia of snakes.
The former rap music mogul struck two men with his pickup truck in January, killing one and seriously injuring the other. The judge also reduced bail from $25 million to $10 million. On Thursday morning, Knight walked out of court after the hearing.
Judy Murray reveals she 'can't wait to be a granny' after son's wedding. Tennis coach helped propel Andy, 27, and his brother, Jamie, 29, to sporting success. Mrs Murray, 55, also said she would be a'very active granny' and already has plans to introduce her grandchildren to tennis.
Stars of Pretty Little Liars, Julie Falconer and Joe Greer all feature on our list of travel Instagrams. From the Balkans to the Pacific Coast Highway, there's something for everyone on this list.
The Hobart International Airport website has been shut down after it was hacked and defaced with a statement supporting ISIS. Tasmania Police are investigating and have been monitoring activity at the airport after becoming aware of the statement about 5.30am on Sunday. Airport management has disabled the site and customers are advised to visit airline websites for flight information.
A replica of the warship that carried France's Marquis de Lafayette sets sail for the United States on Saturday. Lafayette crossed the Atlantic on the original Hermione in 1780 to tell his friend George Washington, commander of the American insurgents against British imperial rule. The replica fired its cannons as it sailed up the French river Charente on Saturday to the military shipyards of Rochefort.
The video was apparently filmed by a supporter at the Green Man pub in Wembley ahead of Arsenal's FA Cup semi-final win over Reading. The footage appears to show a homophobic chant being aimed at Cole, who left Arsenal to join London rivals Chelsea in 2006. The video has since been deleted from Twitter.
Around 100,000 people are classified as refugees - despite most of them never visiting Pakistan, and living in the Jammu region of India. The West Pakistan Refugees (WPRs) are daring to hope they will finally be able to shed the refugee status that has plagued them for decades. Ram, a Hindu, was born in an area of Punjab province, part of modern-day Pakistan but within India’s boundaries before the country became independent in 1947.
Scientists at the Hebrew University of Jerusalem studied the movement. They found that the orientation of the creature's body and the crawling direction are controlled independently in the brain. Octopuses are thought to have evolved from clam-like creatures in the mollusc family. But as they lost their hard protective shell, they seem to have evolved to move far faster than other members of the mollusc family like slugs or snails.
Militants drove cars to a mosque in the remote village of Kwajafa in Borno state. They told locals they were there to teach Islam before opening fire. Attack came as new pictures showed teenagers drawing scenes of previous Boko Haram massacres.
Tania Watts feared coming face-to-face with Anje Galsworthy, her daughter's stepmother. Ms Watts described her daughter as a 'caring, normal, happy, lovely girl' Becky, 16, vanished from her father's family home in Crown Hill, Bristol, on February 19. Police discovered her body parts at a house in Barton Hill, Bristol, on March 2 and charged her stepbrother, Nathan Matthews, with murder.
Paula McKay was told her daughter Natasha had suffered brain damage. She was delivered 10 weeks prematurely by C-section and starved of oxygen. Staff failed to ventilate her properly, which caused severe brain damage. She was diagnosed with cerebral palsy and confined to a wheelchair. 17 months later Ms McKay became pregnant with her second child. She was reassured the same mistakes would not be repeated. But when Patrick was delivered, the same errors were made. He was left brain-damaged and severely disabled like his older sister. Ms McKay has been awarded £13 million in compensation. A £7 million care package for
Atlanta-based writer Alex Gray, 27, weighed 354lbs at his heaviest. He made excuses for his overeating, including trips to drive-throughs up to four times a day. It wasn't until an obese friend showed off his fit new body that he became motivated to make changes in his own life.
Alzheimer's and dementia can affect short-term memory as well as long-term. People with dementia find it harder to reach a deeper sleep. Catnapping during the day (this becomes harder to avoid as dementia becomes more advanced) Avoiding caffeine - coffee or tea - in the evening. A regular bedtime is also important as this gives the body the cues it needs to feel sleepy at set times, making it easier to fall asleep.
Lurcher Twiglet ate unidentified substance while on a walk near home. Dog seemed to think he was being chased and had bloodshot eyes. After 45 minutes of drooling at the mouth, shaking and walking into walls. Vet believes Twiglet may have ingested something hallucinogenic.
Lib Dem leader reveals he struggled with maths at school in Seaford, East Sussex. He will use tomorrow's manifesto launch to promise a'stronger economy' Will accuse the Tories of wanting to embark on an unnecessarily deep cuts.
Cui Hongfang, 73, hit the back of her head on a corner of the wall. Her husband said the Canadian tourist was running down steep steps. Police in Beijing have ruled Mrs Hongfang's death an accident.
Sarah Harper was in a relationship with Christopher Lane, 22, when he was gunned down while visiting in the city of Duncan in August 2013. He was born in Melbourne, Australia, but was in the United States on a baseball scholarship when 17-year-old Chancey Allen Luna allegedly murdered him. The couple had returned from a trip to Australia just two days before he was gunned down while out jogging. Harper sat and listened to the forensic pathologist who performed the autopsy on him, claiming that only a'miracle' would have saved the talented sportsman. Lane's mother Donna Lane, wiped tears from her face when prosecutors
Tony Blair attended a fundraising dinner for 15 Labour target seats. He name-checked Ed Miliband only once, devoting his speech to his own achievements. Dermot Murnaghan brandished Labour's 'Controls On Immigration' mug.
Niamh Geaney, 26, and Karen Branigan, 29, found their real-life doppelgngers. Retired priest Neil Richardson, 69, and former head teacher John Jemison, 74, met in Braintree, Essex. London-based journalist Sophie Robehmed found hers in Birmingham. Jonny Sandgrove and Michael Harris, both at university, got to know each other.
Across the country, horses, ponies and donkeys are being abandoned in record numbers and left to fend for themselves or tied up on busy roadsides. Animal welfare charities are full to capacity, leaving them increasingly helpless in the wake of the hundreds of calls they receive every month about neglected or abandoned horses. Earlier this month, in desperation, the RSPCA launched an urgent appeal to rehome some of the hundreds of horses in their care.
Aerial images show intense Chinese construction over seven reefs and shoals in the Spratly archipelago of the flashpoint South China Sea. The Philippines voiced alarm about Chinese 'aggressiveness' in the area as it launched the Balikatan 2015 joint Philippines and US military exercises. Philippine President Benigno. Aquino is set to ask Southeast Asian leaders to issue a collective. statement denouncing the reclamation activities.
Sarah, 23, has always thought Phil, who she's raised for 23 years, was her father. Last year, Sarah's mother told her one of three men could be her real father. She agreed to have a DNA test on the Jeremy Kyle Show to find out truth. On hearing the news, Phil held his head in his hands while Sarah burst into tears. The pair vowed the truth would not change their relationship.
Hedione - derived from the Greek word 'hedone', for fun, pleasure, lust - has a fresh jasmine-magnolia scent. Christian Dior was the first to use it in 1966, and it has since found its way into other fragrances such as Chamade by Guerlain, CKOne and Chanel no. 19. Study found that Hedione creates'sex-specific activation patterns' in the tissue found in the nasal cavity which connects to the brain.
Melanie and Vanessa Iris Roy decided to each carry a child one year apart. They took photos at each stage of their respective pregnancies, recording when their first child, a son Jax, was born followed by their daughter Ero, a year later. The couple then uploaded the images to Instagram and they quickly went viral - their young family becoming an unexpected internet sensation almost overnight.
Nick Woodman clinched the title after being granted 4.5 million restricted stock units - valued at $284.5 million - at the end of the year. Chenerie Energy's Houston-based chief executive Charif Souki was valued at $281 million.
Family-of-six crammed onto one motorbike before riding through streets without helmets. Spotted driving through city of San Miguel de Tucuman in Argentina's north-western province of Tucuman. Man was pictured holding the handlebars while three young children straddled the petrol tank in front of him and a girl and a woman sat on the seat behind him. Comes just weeks after a similar pictured emerged of a family of seven riding on the same motorbike through the city of Junin.
The Cazalet Chronicles author amassed a spectacular collection of jewellery. Among them are Greek, Egyptian and Roman pieces thought to be worth £20,000. Nine lots are to go under the hammer at Bonhams auction house in London.
ByHours.com allows users to organise stays of three, six and 12 hours. Barcelona-based company has signed up 25 hotels in London on board. The company's objective is to acquire more hotels in London during the next few months.
Justin D. Smith, 18, and 20-year-old Efrain Diaz appeared briefly via video link from jail while their attorneys entered their pleas of not guilty in the death of Jonathan Krueger. The men are charged with murder and robbery in the fatal shooting of the young Ohio native in the early morning hours Friday. Smith is also charged with tampering with evidence.
John Helinski, 62, spent three years living in a cardboard box on the streets. He then tried to apply for a place at a homeless shelter, but struggled because all of his personal identification had been stolen. A cop and a case manager then looked into his past, and were able to retrieve his social security number and his driver's licence.
Memories Pizza in Walkerton, Indiana, was closed for eight days after owner Kevin O'Connor said his religious beliefs wouldn't allow him to cater a gay wedding. A crowdfunding campaign started by supporters raised more than $842,000 with donations from 29,160 contributors in 48 hours. O'Connor said he hasn't received the money yet, but said he plans to give some to charity and use some money to make improvements to the restaurant.
Naomi Jacobs was 32 when she woke up one morning with no memory. She had lost 17 years of her life due to Transient Global Amnesia. Thought it was 1992 and thought she was about to sit her GCSEs. But it was when her 10-year-old son ran up yelling'mum' that she succumbed to shock.
Recorder Philip Cattan was seen to fall asleep during the trial of John Quigley. Retrial had to be ordered and with the child having to give evidence for a second time. Judicial Conduct Investigations office has reprimanded the Recorder. Cost of abandoned trial and retrial is believed to have cost taxpayer £10,000.
Kyli Wolfson, now 29, went to the emergency room with stomach pain in October 2012 and doctors said she had acute pancreatitis. Three months later, she was finally diagnosed with chronic pancreatitis, a condition that effects less than.01 per cent of people. Kyli spent a year and a half abstaining from eating, which was an incredibly trying ordeal for both her and her fiancé Dustin Wood.
A photograph of a little girl in Japan has sparked online rumours of a ghost. A spooky dark visage that appears behind the child in this photograph has sparked online rumours of a ghost. The Reddit user who posted it insisted it was 'not photoshopped' and that paranormal forces could be at work.
A kestrel and a barn owl fought over a nesting box in North Yorkshire. The birds repeatedly lunged at each other with sharp talons and beaks. Despite the owl's cuddly reputation, it came out on top in the fight.
Alice Dreger attended the class at East Lansing High School earlier this week. She took to Twitter to express her horror at what she heard during the lecture. The tweets went viral, with people across the world getting involved. But the school has denied it only teaches abstinence - saying it was just that day's lecture.
A cloud formation resembling the Wi-Fi symbol appeared recently in the sky of Xiangtan city in Hunan Province. Shi Chao, a student at the Hunan University of Science and Technology, saw the cloud on his way from the library. Chinese internet users have since shared and commented on Shi's photo thousands of times on Chinese social media.
Asabi Barner, 37, is suing Black Ink tattoo parlor in Harlem, New York City for a chest tattoo that left her scarred. Barner says she went to the parlor after watching the reality show which features the shop on VH1.
The former captive of Ariel Castro spoke at the Cleveland Rape Crisis Center's Faces of Change luncheon on Wednesday. She said her healing process has been 'to overcome and flourish and rise above all that' She also revealed to the crowd that she does have a boyfriend.
Photos taken between 1900 and 1911 during the Qing dynasty show Beijing's famous landmarks with barely any visitors. They are some of the earliest holiday snaps of the Chinese capital – taken between 1900 and 1911 during the Qing dynasty. The quiet scenes are a far cry from modern-day Beijing, which is one of the most populous cities in the world.
Canadian duo Mitchell Moffit and Greg Brown present AsapSCIENCE on YouTube. They discuss how being the first, middle, youngest, or only child affects us. The personality traits are also supposedly affected by whether parents have high expectations and how strict they were.
Over the past week, thousands of the silver fish have died in Rodrigo de Freitas lake in Rio de Janeiro, Brazil. Rubbish collectors will continue to rake decomposing fish off the water's surface until the the mass dying subsides. Rio's environmental secretariat has insisted that the latest incident is the result of a sudden change in water temperature. But several scientists have rejected that explanation, saying that pollution is really to blame.
About 10,000 women a year in the UK are affected by hyperemesis gravidarum. Condition causes constant vomiting, weakness and dehydration. University of California, Los Angeles, study looked at 312 children born to 203 mothers with HG between 2007 and 2011. Children exposed in the womb to HG had a 3.28-fold increased risk of neurodevelopmental delays.
Veronica ‘Roni’ Gonzalez and her fiance Ely Alba Gonzalez were returning from their engagement party when they stopped on Interstate 30 to help a group in trouble. Four were killed instantly in the collision. Of the 13 people injured, one later died in hospital from their wounds.
Mountain lion, known as P-22, found living in crawlspace under home. He has so far resisted attempts to get him out of the crawl space. Animal welfare workers fired tennis balls and bean bags at the cougar. But they have not been successful in drawing him out of the crawl space.
Flakka can be injected, snorted, smoked, swallowed or taken with other substances like marijuana. Usually made from the chemical alpha-PVP, the same chemical that is used to make bath salts. Drug resembles a mix of crack cocaine and meth and has a noticeably foul smell.
Young people represent the largest societal bloc in Iran, with over 63 per cent of the country's population under 30. They are also among the most politically active groups within the Islamic world. Young activists have influenced the Islamic Republic's political agenda since 1997.
The 'Bodega Iniesta' vineyard he owns in Castilla-La Mancha can be rented out. The property has one bathroom and one bedroom, with facilities including a kitchen, an indoor fireplace, Wi-Fi and parking. Guests are responsible for goods during their stay, and the property can be booked here.
Shiba the dog uses his nose and paw to open a sliding glass window. Visitors have travelled from as far away as England and Taiwan to meet him. One YouTube video showing his customer service skills has more than two million views.
Eight-part series will take four years to make and is planned for a 2019 debut for Netflix customers internationally. Filmmakers said they plan to use the latest digital camera technology as they venture from the planet's ice caps to ocean depths to deserts and remote forests.
Michelle, 27, unveils summer range for Lipsy. Shows off her curves posing by a pool in campaign imagery. Has been designing for brand for years and is 'over the moon' with success.
Maurice Van Ryn has pleaded guilty to 12 sex offences, including persistent sexual abuse of a child. One of his victims told Sydney's District Court on Monday that she is scared for her future relationships, and didn't understand why she had been targeted. She said she has suffered depression since she was 14 and had been hospitalised for self harm and attempted suicide.
Studies that surveyed personnel found'major misconceptions' about whether women should be brought into the male-only jobs. They also revealed concerns that department leaders would 'capitulate to political pressure, allowing erosion of training standards' The studies are part of the Pentagon's effort to open all military combat positions to women. By January 2016, the military must open all combat jobs to women or explain why any exceptions must be made.
Esa’s Rosetta spacecraft has captured stunning images of a dust jet erupting from comet 67P. The first image was taken at 7:13am BST (2:13am EST) on 12 March. Two minutes later, in the second image, a spectacular new jet emerges from the dark side, hurling dust into space at 26ft (eight metres) per second. The jet is unusual because it is erupting from the dark underside of the comet, whereas such activity had only been seen on the day side so far.
Diane James said Putin was forced into invading Ukraine because of EU. Ukip leader Nigel Farage sparked a row last year when he hailed Putin as a 'brilliant operator' for his stance on the Syrian conflict. Mrs James is widely considered to be a potential successor to Farage.
Archie Brown Jr, a father-of-four, struck and killed a 2-year-old who ran in front of his van in Milwaukee, Wisconsin Sunday evening. While at the scene of the accident an unidentified gunman shot Brown and a 15-year-old boy dead. A local alderman suggested that the shooting was carried out in revenge for the child's death.
More than 730,285 Reddit users have pressed The Button since April Fool's Day. Only people who registered on the site before this date are eligible to click The Button, and when they do they are awarded a colour, known as a 'flair' This colour represents the time period at which they clicked The Button, ranging from zero to 60 seconds. Blue flairs are awarded between 42 and 51 seconds, green flairs are between 32 and 41 seconds, yellow flairs are between 22 and 31 seconds, and orange flairs are between 12 and 21 seconds. It is not yet known what happens when the
The signs feature portraits of Clinton with phrases including 'Don't Say Secretive', 'Don't Say Entitled' and 'Don't Say Ambitious' The street art appears to be a dig at a group of Clinton supporters who said it would be on the look out for evidence of sexism in reporting about the Democratic politician.
Four-month-old Roscoe was caught on camera this week at the Asheville Humane Society in North Carolina taking some of his first steps. Footage shows him teetering around on a tiled floor with his bandaged legs making a tapping sound as he goes.
The last two 'Doolittle Tokyo Raiders' presented the group's Congressional Gold Medal for permanent display at the National Museum of the US Air Force. Retired Lt Col Richard 'Dick' Cole, age 99, gave the medal to the museum's director in a ceremony at the museum attended by military and political officials and relatives of the original 80 Raiders. The medal, awarded by Congress earlier in the week, arrived in a ceremonial B-25 flight. Last month, Lt Col Robert Hite, one of the three remaining Tokyo Doolittle Raiders, died after a battle with Alzheimer's disease at the age of 95
David King, 70, from London, retired to Normandy 15 years ago. His body was found by sniffer dogs last week in hamlet of Pierres. Unnamed 28-year-old Frenchman has been charged with his murder.
Robert Charles Bates shot and killed Eric Courtney Harris, 44, in Tulsa. Harris was allegedly meeting undercover officers to buy drugs and a gun. Bates, a former full-time officer, 'accidentally' pulled out his pistol.
Helen Flanagan, 24, recently stepped out in a slinky midi dress. She has completely transformed her maternity style since becoming pregnant. Kate Middleton, 33, is the queen of the buttoned-up maternity look.
Border collies Anna, one, and Indi, six, have been surfing since they were puppies. The dogs use their low centre of gravity to keep them stable while hanging ten off the coast of Queensland, Australia.
Group of men filmed singing and swearing on flight from Glasgow to Alicante. Witnesses said they drank heavily and refused to sit down when plane landed. Spanish police were called and one man was escorted off the aircraft. He was later released and banned from flying home on his booked Jet2 flight.
Anna Broom, of Gillingham, in Kent, has not worked since the age of 19. The 33-year-old has claimed more than £100,000 in benefits. Wants an extra £10,000 to fund her dream 'English wedding and party in a castle' She is desperate for a church ceremony, designer dress, horse and carriage - 'like Katie Price' - and champagne for her 50 guests.
Dale Cregan is on hunger strike for second time in bid to be moved to psychiatric hospital. The 31-year-old was reportedly transferred to solitary confinement in HMP Manchester, formerly Strangeways, a month ago. But he has apparently stopped eating in a desperate attempt to get himself moved. Cregan was jailed for life after shooting police officers Fiona Bone and Nicola Hughes in 2012.
James May said Top Gear viewers who sent death threats to Sue Perkins should 'kill themselves' Perkins recently announced she was leaving Twitter in response to abuse. May said: 'If you're one of the people sending death threats to Sue Perkins, could you please do the world a much bigger favour by killing yourself' Presenter quickly clarified: 'Obviously I don't actually want people to kill themselves but, really, we don't want them as fans'
Cyclist was taking part in the first 100km of the season for a club. Ruslan Bazarov was taking part in the St Petersburg ring road ride. A truck overtook him and clipped the cyclist from his bicycle. The truck continued along the road for 100 metres before it was stopped. Bazarov suffered a double fracture to his leg as a result of his accident.
Owners admit they spend hours watching the box with their animals. Pets prefer shows featuring other animals while shunning reality shows. Two-thirds of goldfish owners put the bowl in sight of the TV.
The castle dates from the 13th century and was refurbished in the 19th century and again in 2002. The castle is in Gignic, and near the town of Brives la Gaillarde. It is only a two-hour drive from Bordeaux. With the average price of a central London flat hitting £1.35m according to RightMove, the castle is a 'bargain'
David Potchen, who robbed a bank in Merrillville, Indiana, last June, now has a job as a welder and is staying out of trouble. The man, 53, had told a Lake County judge earlier this year that he attempted to rob a local Chase bank so that he could get placed back in custody. Potchen, who was originally sentenced for a 2000 bank robbery, had been making $8.29 an hour in prison but had trouble finding a job on his release.
By two years old, one in five boys and one in ten girls was overweight or obese. Repeated prescriptions before the age of two also raised the odds of being a fat prone toddler. Boys seemed particularly prone weight gain after being given antibiotics.
Around 50 obese pupils at Jianxin Primary School, eastern China, are being sent to special Kung Fu Panda classes. Teachers have been told to keep an eye on their students' weights, and inform parents if they start piling on the pounds. Kung Fu Panda classes are named after a Dreamworks film of the same name in which an overweight panda becomes a Kung Fu master.
Prince William will take his full fortnight of paternity leave when baby is born. Plans to take time off just like he did when Prince George was born in 2013. Prince faces a two-hour 'blues and twos' dash back to London when Kate goes into labour. Royal staff have already ruled out using a helicopter to transport William.
Unnamed person was arrested after climbing into the grounds at 10.25pm. Secret Service said the package was 'deemed to be harmless' It is the latest in a string of embarrassing security breaches to hit the US capital. Last week an illicit gyrocopter was able to land on the Capitol lawn.
Investigators found that a number of flavors were labeled 'healthy' - brimming with fiber, protein and antioxidants, while being low in fat and sodium. However, upon closer inspection, it was found that 'none of the products met the requirements to make such content claims' and were in fact'misbranded'
Doug Hughes, 61, landed his one-person helicopter on the US Capitol's West Lawn on Wednesday afternoon. He was carrying out a stunt to raise awareness about campaign finance reform and government corruption. Secret Service interviewed him two years ago about flying from Gettysburg, Pennsylvania to Washington D.C. without permission. His friend Mike Shanahan said today: 'I was scared to death they were going to shoot him' House Homeland Security Committee Chairman Michael McCaul revealed that Capitol authorities had Doug Hughes in their sights and were prepared to open fire.
Labour has previously predicted that Coalition's austerity programme would see unemployment and crime soar. But in each case, the opposite has happened – and last night the party's leader was challenged over whether this called into question the judgment of him and his team. The refusal to accept that he had been proved wrong came in a combative interview with Evan Davis on the BBC's Newsnight.
Patrick and Valerie Jubb are attempting to sell the four-bedroom property. Town hall ruled alterations made by previous owner were illegal. The Jubbs say they obtained a certificate stating there were no infractions.
Chris Ryves, known as '777', set up Reddit thread, Find Boston Bombers, after 2013 attack. Millions of users posted images and videos of crowds at Boston Marathon. Following days, hurled false accusations at countless spectators. Claims even led to 22-year-old Sunil Tripathi being wrongly identified as bomber. Now, Ryves has told of his regrets in new documentary, The Thread. 'They were just analyzing the same pictures, like it was a Where's Waldo? game,' he says in film.
Man makes his own version of the trifle-shepherds pie combination. It features ladyfingers, jam, custard, beef sautéed with peas and onions, a little more custard, bananas and some whipped cream.
BMW Group’s answer to Google Glass is designed to let drivers of its Mini model see pop-up virtual displays for directions and other features. The Augmented Vision goggles will go on show at the Auto Shanghai show. They generate ‘screens’ showing information that only the wearer can see. For example, the goggles can project navigation information with arrows onto the roads, as well as showing speed limits and even point out local landmarks.
The son of the late Attorney General Robert Kennedy is a vaccine critic and is currently trying to stop a bill in the state that would make childhood immunizations mandatory. The documentary Trace Amounts purports that there is a connection between thimerosal - a chemical found in several childhood vaccines - and a rise in autism.
Asif Malik, 31, and his partner Sara Kiran, 29, disappeared with family. They were last seen at their home in Slough, Berkshire, on April 7. They are believed to have travelled to France before trying to flee to Syria. Turkish police have arrested the family in Ankara, an official said today.
Kym Ackerman, 32, spotted the image and pointed it out to both the dentist and hygienist in Flagstaff, Arizona. The dentist didn't find any cavities during the check-up and Ackerman has vowed to keep her mouth, especially that holy molar, healthy.
Clarkson has agreed to keep quiet about his sacking so the Top Gear Live shows can go ahead 'in good spirit' BBC feared Clarkson would vent his anger at his sacking during the live shows. But he has agreed to keep quiet so the shows can go ahead, meaning fans who have already booked tickets will not be disappointed. Clarkson, Hammond and May Live will not feature any Top Gear branding, show any footage from the programmes or feature The Stig.
The world's joint third-largest cruise ship has just arrived in Southampton, UK, for its naming ceremony. With 16 decks and a capacity for almost 5,000 passengers at a time, the MS Anthem of the Seas is truly an engineering marvel. On board, guests will experience robotic bartenders, be able to take part in circus skills training activities and even go on a virtual sky dive.
U.S. envoy Mark Lippert said that if North Korea improves its human rights record it will be rewarded with prosperity and better ties with the outside world. The North's Committee for the Peaceful Reunification of Korea said Lippert's remarks were proof that Washington was intent on hostility. Lippert was slashed in the face with a fruit knife by a South Korean man with a history of erratic behaviour at a breakfast forum in central Seoul.
Spain's Queen Letizia, 42, attended rare childhood disease conference. Wore a striking white tailored suit with nude accessories. The mother-of-two gave a speech at the event in Barcelona.
Half of those with severe allergies live in daily fear of a potentially fatal reaction. Yet many Britons are unaware of the seriousness of the condition. Around 21million Britons have some kind of allergy ranging from hayfever to reactions to food, medication and wasp stings.
Tom Moffatt, 27, from Tameside, inked his son Riley's name into his arm. But instead of 'L', he started needling the letter P and had to'scribble' over it. He also attempted to mark himself with Riley's nickname 'Sonny Boy' But he ended up scratching 'Sony Boy' across his knuckles instead. NHS worker was drunk at the time and now considers inkwork a 'nightmare'
A kidnapping in South Carolina was thwarted because the would-be abductor, Demetric Nelson, couldn't operate a manual stick shift in the victim's car. 27-year-old Demetri Nelson still had his victim's keys in his pocket when he was arrested Tuesday, several hours after the kidnapping attempt. Deputies said Nelson broke into a 53-year-old woman's home and demanded money.
Sally Jones, 45, fled UK with her son, 10, to join ISIS militants in Syria. Believed to have been filmed leading all-women brigade of terrorists in Syria. Video appears to show mother-of-two leading fighters in a hate-filled chanting session. She is seen punching her hand in the air and shouting Arabic chants, which are then echoed by her fellow militants. Experts say video is first'real evidence' which shows Jones is involved with brigade at 'high level'
Ellie Marshall, 10, and Taylor Biggin, five, lost their eight-year-old brother Harvey last year to a mystery illness. When Easter approached they decided to donate all their eggs to Sheffield Children's Hospital where he was cared for.
Alaa Abdullah Esayed posted 45,000 tweets supporting ISIS in less than a year. The 22-year-old encouraged children to take up weapons and fight for ISIS. She also uploaded pictures of dead fighters killed in Syria to her Instagram. Esayed pleaded guilty at the Old Bailey to encouraging terrorism. She could face up to 14 years in prison for the offences.
Mitzi Neyens, 77, was the last link in the world's longest kidney donation chain when she received a new kidney March 26. The Wisconsin woman became the 34th person to receive a transplant thanks to the National Kidney Registry's paired exchange program.
A 'blob' of warm water 2,000 miles across is sitting in the Pacific Ocean. Since last June it has extended from Alaska to Mexico. It has been present since 2013 and causing fish to seek shelter elsewhere. And a new University of Washington study says it could be responsible for droughts. California's drought is one of the worst on record, while the East coast of the US has seen unusually cold temperatures.
Witness Robert Kushner lost his varsity coaching job at a private academy after testifying this week about his years selling marijuana. Kushner is one of more than a dozen former drug dealers testifying for the federal government about allegations of police wrongdoing. He told jurors Tuesday that some of the undercover officers on trial had stolen $81,000 in cash and 7 pounds of marijuana from him during a 2007 arrest.
Andre Cole, 52, became the third convicted killer put to death this year in Missouri. His fate was sealed after the U.S. Supreme Court turned down several appeals, including one claiming Cole was mentally ill and unfit for execution. Cole was executed by lethal injection at 10.15pm on Tuesday at the Eastern Reception, Diagnostic and Correctional Center in Bonne Terre. He declined to order a last meal and received the day's inmate tray meal of a turkey and bologna sandwich, a cookie and fruit punch.
Al Qaida fighters clashed briefly with members of one of Yemen's largest brigades outside Mukalla. The militants then seized control of the Riyan airport and moved to secure their hold on the city's main sea port, which is also an oil terminal. Today, Shiite rebels were involved in a demonstration against an arms embargo imposed by the U.N. Security Council.
Hamdi Ulukaya has settled a lawsuit filed by his ex-wife, who laid claim to half the $2 billion Greek yogurt empire. Dr. Ayse Giray first sued Ulukaya in 2012 for a 53 percent stake in the company. The two were married just two years in the 1990s and Ulukaya's company was not an issue in their divorce.
Chinese hospitals are harvesting organs from political prisoners, it is claimed. Some patients were still alive as they were secretly placed in incinerators. Human Rights lawyer David Matas said: 'Somebody's being killed for the organs' China has the second highest rate of organ transplants in the world.
David King, 70, went missing from his home in Pierres, Normandy, in October. He was originally from east London and retired from his job in Britain 15 years ago. His 28-year-old neighbour is now in custody being questioned about his death.
New Zealand photographer Amos Chapple travelled the world during the 18 months with a quadcopter in his backpack. He re-posted them under a new blog post: 'My Aerial Drone Shots Would Be Totally Illegal Today'
A man was arrested in Quebec on Monday after he was filmed allegedly threatening a mother, her husband, and their two children with a chainsaw in a fit of road rage. Manuel Delisle, the man accused of the road rage incident involving a chainsaw, has pleaded not guilty to armed assault on Tuesday. Karine Cyr recorded the confrontation on Sunday as she was vacationing with her husband Alexandre Hermenier and their two children.
Winnie, 19, suffers from the same rare skin condition as Michael Jackson was diagnosed with. The albino model, 23, was also snapped holding hands with Winnie at the event.
Action-packed photographs were captured by Roger Byng, 67, on the Wetlands in Slimbridge, Gloucester. Mr Byng was in a hide ‘with the intention of photographing small British birds, such as Bullfinches, Long-tailed Tits and Wrens as part of a relaxing day’s photography’
Two months after announcing that he is leaving The Daily Show, Jon Stewart has revealed that he decided to quit because he was becoming increasing depressed watching cable news. 'I live in a constant state of depression. I think of us as turd miners. I put on my helmet, I go and mine turds, hopefully I don't get turd lung disease,' he said. Although Stewart hasn't set an official exit date, Comedy Central announced last month that comedian Trevor Noah, 31, would be taking over.
Doctor John Parker was taken to Westmead Hospital in Sydney's west. The humanitarian doctor had been working at an Ebola treatment clinic in Sierra Leone since November last year. NSW Health has confirmed Dr Parker does not have Ebola.
Riley Hughes died at just 32 days old after contracting whooping cough. His parents Catherine and Greg are now leading a campaign, urging adults to vaccinate themselves and their children. The adult whooping cough vaccine will not be available in Australia until July. Queensland Health says the resource shortage will not affect the immunisation programs for babies, children and pregnant women.
Ukip leader called on Conservatives to vote tactically for him in seats where they cannot win in order to help keep the Tory leader as Prime Minister. Mr Farage said he believed many were in 'their hearts' closer to his position of wanting an EU referendum as soon as possible without any attempted re-negotiation. Mr Farage also revealed that he has already held informal discussions with Tories about potential post-election arrangements.
Rihanna is one of a number of celebrities who are ditching their bras. The loose-and-fancy-free look is also a big feature on red carpets. The loose-and-fancy-free look is also a big feature on red carpets.
Becky Handley, 20, learned of her father's crimes after reading about them online. Raymond Handley was jailed for 13-and-a-half years at Birmingham Crown Court. He sexually assaulted his young victim twice before threatening to kill her mother if details of the abuse emerged. Miss Handley was kept from seeing her father as a child and was discouraged from contacting him by her mother as an adult. She now wants to change her name via deed poll.
Nathan Priestley, 21, from Norwich, Norfolk, was dubbed 'Jabba the Hutt' He was 18 when he took an overdose of 30 pills, but survived. Within two years, he had shrunk to 14 stone. Nathan ran the streets in the dead of night when no-one was around.
Judge Olu Stevens was sentencing Gregory Wallace to five years' probation after he and his accomplice, Marquis McAfee, robbed Tommy and Jordan Gray's Louisville home in April 2013. Tommy Gray wrote that since the crime, his daughter had been terrified of black males and that probation was not sufficient punishment for Wallace, 27. Jordan Gray wrote that her daughter was still 'in constant fear of black men' 'Do three year olds form such generalized, stereotyped and racist opinions of others?' asked Judge Stevens. Stevens granted Wallace probation because he had no prior convictions for violent crimes and said his thoughts about the Gray's
'It is, I think, worth noting that the Republicans seem to be talking only about me,' she said. Clinton dismissed the swirling questions as little more than political attacks from Republicans eager to gain an early advantage in the 2016 presidential contest. She is making her first campaign visit this year to New Hampshire, a state beloved by the Clinton family for giving both her 2008 effort and her husband's struggling 1992 campaign a second wind. She also took issue with economic views expressed by members of her own party, offering a dark assessment of a'stalled out' U.S. recovery, a judgment at odds
The fossilised skeleton of Llallawavis scagliai was found in Argentina. It is the most complete skeleton of a 'terror bird' to be discovered. This is a group of flightless prehistoric meat-eating birds that lived 3.5 million years ago. Scientists used 3D scanning of the long skull of the bird to examine its hearing ability. They found it would have had an average hearing range of around 3,800Hz and a sensitivity of around 2,300Hz. This suggests that Llallawavis would have been better at detecting lower frequency sounds than humans are.
Researchers found that heart patients who expressed gratitude for the positive things in their life had improved mental, and ultimately physical, health. Study involved men and women with Stage B heart failure.
I'm Up Alarm can be set to go off the night before and will then only turn off by scanning a QR code on a mug or magnet that can be kept in another room. Smartphone users will be able to download the app onto their phone from June. The app will have a snooze function but it will only allow users to delay getting up a set number of times.
The pilot scheme will begin by recruiting 10 people with autism or Asperger syndrome to be based at the firm's Redmond offices in Washington. Microsoft is running the scheme with support from specialist Specialisterne. The plans were announced by Mary Ellen Smith, corporate vice president or worldwide operations. Ms Smith has a 19-year-old autistic son called Shawn.
Harold Henthorn was charged with the murder of his second wife, Toni Bertolet, 51, last November. Police have since reopened their investigation into the suspicious death of his first wife, Lynn Rishell, some 20 years earlier. Both women died in 'freak accidents' to which Henthorn, 59, was the sole witness. Newly filed documents have revealed that he is fighting for a $1.5million pay out from a policy taken out on his second wife to pay for his defense.
The Duchess of Cambridge is a modern-day suffragette, says Patsy Kensit. The 47-year-old actress made the comments in Stylist magazine. This is the first time the Duchess has been lauded as a feminist icon.
Louie, a full-grown Dalmatian, snuggles up to three-week-old kitten. Inquisitive Uno pokes his way around canine's body before settling under his ear. Adorable encounter was filmed at home in Spokane, Washington.
Mario Valencia took a rifle from a Walmart in Tuscon, Arizona on February 19 and was able to start firing it as soon as he left. This after he demanded bullets from a woman inside the store guarding the ammunition case, who did as instructed and then immediately notified authorities. Walmart claims the rifle had been properly locked, and that it may have been affected by the hard blow caused by the police car. Valencia is facing several felony charges for his alleged crime spree.
The Wicked Pickets protest group have started painting over offensive slogans on Wicked Campers vans. Slogans include, 'In every princess, there's a little sl*t who wants to try it just once' and 'Your thighs won't touch if my head's between them' The Brisbane-based company came under fire last year after over 120,000 Australians petitioned to have slogans eliminated from the fleet. CEO John Webb apologised for the offense the slogans had caused and invited 'anybody who feels strongly offended by a slogan to either paint or tape over it'
William Smith wanted to remind himself of his mother after she died. The 14-year-old wore her favourite bandana around the house. He also sprayed her perfume to remind himself of her after she died. Teenager from Grimsby died just four months after his mother's death.
Heavyweights Balla Gaye 2 and Eumeu Sene competed in the crunch match dubbed 'Le Choc' at Demba Diop Stadium in Dakar. Prior to the showdown event, other athletes - dressed in colourful loin cloths - took to the arena for a series of bruising combats. Wrestling's popularity in the north-western African country makes it a lucrative business.
One million men actively choosing to work part-time as they become more involved in childcare or retire gradually. This compares to a 4% rise in women choosing part-time work over the same period, according to the Office for National Statistics. There are now 1.02million men in the UK who have opted to work reduced hours compared to 4.58million women.
John Potter, from Savannah, has admitted forging the picture with his brother in the 1980s. In 1986 he fibbed that he was at a yard sale when he found the photograph in an antique frame. He then passed on the image to the Historical Georgia Society and the photo became an unofficial part of the ship's history.
Three more parties have vowed to teach lifesaving skills in schools. Labour, Ukip and the Green Party added their support as they unveiled their Election manifestos. Previously only the Liberal Democrats had promised to add the crucial lessons to the school curriculum.
94,872 residents and 42,424 employees live within the tsunami hazard zones of Washington, Oregon and California. Also in danger are 486 public venues, 440 dependent care facilities and 2,314 businesses with a'significant customer presence' Some communities can increase their chance of survival simply by walking faster.
Qantas have been warned they could lose eight landing strips at Heathrow. The Australian airline have slipped to on time performance of 75 out of 80. A spokesperson said air congestion at Heathrow and Dubai were to blame.
The Queen and Prince Philip were joined by the rest of the royal family as they attended an Easter Sunday service at Windsor Castle. Lady Louise Windsor, the countess’ 11-year-old daughter, made up the four royal ladies. The female members of the royal family included Lady Louise Windsor, the Countess of Wessex, Princess Beatrice and Autumn Phillips.
Former PM claims he is 'absolutely not' in the league of the super-rich. Blair earns millions of pounds a year from his consultancy roles. He also suggested he has left British politics behind, declaring he has 'done British' and is now more interested in working at a 'global level'
Bryan Morseman, 29, from Bath, New York, started his streak at the Montgomery Marathon in Alabama on March 14. He ran the Tobacco Road Marathon in Cary, North Carolina, the next morning because it was one the way home to New York. A week later he placed first at the Yeungling Shamrock Marathon in Virginia Beach. In total, the full-time precious metal clerk earned $5,750 in winnings from the races, all of which will go toward medical treatment for his nine-month-old son Leeim.
Police have identified 25 people who claim the Labour peer attacked them. Each of the alleged victims could claim for up to £100,000 in damages. One man allegedly attacked by Janner when he was living in children's homes. Several of those who claim to have been sexually abused say Janner got to them through paedophile Frank Beck, a manager of Leicester children's homes.
A father has been charged for using medical cannabis oil on his daughter. The two-year-old girl is battling a rare form of cancer called neuroblastoma. She has an 11cm cancerous growth which is putting pressure on her organs. The 32-year-old father administered the oil mixed with coconut to increase her rate of survival. He was charged with administering a dangerous drug to a minor and was refused access to his daughter. Now he has pleaded for the government to legalise medical cannabis.
The Obamas paid more than $93,000 in federal taxes last year on an adjusted gross income of more than $477,000. Their effective tax rate was 19.6 percent. The Obamas lowered their 2014 tax bill by claiming nearly $160,000 in itemized deductions, including $70,712 in charitable donations to 33 different charities. The White House released the Obamas' tax returns ahead of the filing deadline Wednesday.
SketchShe's first video, 'Bohemian Carsody' went viral in March. It attracted the attention of Queen guitarist Brian May. Their second video, 'Mime Through Time,' has had 260 million views. The Australian trio are now appearing on The Ellen show and Good Morning America.
Alexandra Harra, 28, has a degree in creative writing and classics. She now lives in Miami and works as a life coach and writer. Has been dubbed 'The Romanian Kim Kardashian' by Romanians.
Scientists at John Hopkins Medical School in Baltimore, Maryland, found people with damage to the right sagittal stratum in the brain are unable to detect sarcasm. The stratum is a bundle of white matter that lies between the cerebral cortex and subcortical structures in the brain. Stroke patients with damage to this area of the brain were far poorer at detecting sarcasm when listening to sentences.
Melissa Borg left her Baulkham Hills home at 7:30am on Thursday. The 13-year-old made her way to The Hills Sports High School in Seven Hills. However she never made it to class and her father found no sign of her when he arrived home from work. Melissa is described by police as being 150cm with a slim build, long brown hair and brown eyes.
Marine Le Pen accused her father of trying to sabotage her party's efforts to move into the political mainstream with a recent raft of controversial comments. Tensions had escalated last week after the 86-year-old founder of the far-right party defended previous comments describing Nazi gas chambers as a 'detail of history' Yesterday, Mr Le Pen was quoted as calling France's Spanish-born Prime Minister Manuel Valls 'the immigrant' and defending Philippe Petain, leader of war-time government that cooperated with Nazi Germany.
Latest make-up products will be personalised to meet all your needs. Eyeko London offers more than 100 different combinations of brush shapes. Cover FX Custom Cover Drops (£36) can be mixed with any of your favourite moisturisers, oils, serums or other foundations. Harvey Nichols' newly-launched Beauty Concierge is a personal shopping service.
Three BA flights bound for Heathrow were diverted over the weekend. One plane from Baku, Azerbaijan to London was forced to return. Another plane from Mumbai, India to London was diverted to Istanbul. A medical emergency saw a flight from Luanda, Angola diverted to Paris.
Jane Laut, 57, was arrested and charged in 2009 for the murder of her husband David Laut. The charges were dropped and then refiled immediately on Friday in a Ventura County courtroom. Her attorney called the prosecution's move 'unprofessional' and 'pretty much unprecedented' in a murder case.
Ted Loveday powered Gonville and Caius College, Cambridge to victory. He answered 10 starter questions in final of BBC quiz show hosted by Jeremy Paxman. Viewers were astounded by his general knowledge prowess - but he has now admitted that he had help from some unlikely sources.
Rising popularity of home coffee machines has led to increasing amount of waste generated by caffeine lovers. Designer Eason Chow believes his innovative new product could be the solution - and found inspiration from the sugar-coated sweets dispensed from gumball machines. It involves covering coffee granules in milk powder then dipping the whole lot in sugar to create a revolutionary capsule with no waste created whatsoever. The pods will cost around £4 for a pack of 20 and the machine will cost around £80.
Claire Nugent, 43, and Nigel Morter, 47, have been married for 14 years. They restored a 1940s airfield control tower in Norfolk and now run it as a B&B.
Senators voted 19-0 to give the White House some of, but not all of its asks, and left in a signature feature of the bill giving Congress the authority to approve a final deal with Iran. It now goes to the full Senate, where it is could pass with a veto-proof majority of more than 66 lawmakers. The White House had said as recently as yesterday that the president would 'absolutely' veto as written.
Candice-Marie Fox claims to have cured her cancer 'with juice' The Perth woman says she was diagnosed with thyroid cancer in 2011. She underwent surgery and radiation treatment and is now cancer-free. But bloggers have demanded medical evidence for her claims. Ms Fox is planning to release relevant medical records without her personal details.
Barcelona is a city on a beach. Not a river, but on a proper sandy holiday beach. No other city in the world has as many buildings on the Unesco world heritage list as Barcelona. The Hotel Arts is a glittering 44-storey skyscraper of glass and steel.
The tree was planted in January-Wabash Park in Ferguson, Missouri on Saturday as a dedication to the 18-year-old, who was shot dead by a police officer last August. But by Sunday morning, the branches had been stripped, leaving just a shard of the trunk. A second tree that was dedicated to a local pet was also vandalized. Both trees have now been replaced.
Millie-Belle Diamond has 115,000 followers on Instagram. The 14-month-old from Sydney's northern beaches has become a money-making social media celebrity. Her mum Schye Fox posts cute photos of her daughter wearing designer clothes and accessories.
Cressida, 26, models the brand's spring/summer 2015 collection. Shows off her dancing skills in romantic imagery. dated Prince Harry for two years until last April.
Little Catalina from America was filmed emptying out the contents of the kitchen cupboards at home. When her father tells her to clean up her mess, she vehemently refuses with a heated - and rather cute - argument ensuing.
Comedian was outraged to see picture of grandmother-of-nine Rebecca Francis. 'What must've happened to you in your life to make you want to kill a beautiful animal & then lie next to it smiling?' he tweeted. 'It's a special kind of psychopathy, it really is,' one Twitter user said.
Mary Ann Diano was left homeless when the storm hit Staten Island, New York, in October 2012. The 62-year-old's home has lived in a trailer park in Connecticut every since. She met her partner Dennis Krauss, whose home in Brooklyn, New York, was also destroyed. The loving couple said they plan to spend their winning on a new house.
The cocaine was seized by U.S. and Canadian forces in 19 separate incidents in the eastern Pacific Ocean near Central and South America. It included a 1012-ton bust from a coastal freighter, the largest maritime drug interdiction in that area since 2009. The U.S. Navy and Coast Guard and Royal Canadian Navy ships have seized more than 28 tons of cocaine valued at $848 million in the last six months.
Gemma the pit bull was filmed at home in California enthusiastically greeting a baby boy named Elliot with kisses. Footage shows her lovingly licking the infant as he attempts to fend her away with his hands.
Nikki Kelly, 24, thought she was suffering from period cramps. She kept her size 8 figure throughout her pregnancy and had no cravings. Gave birth to son James, now three months, in 'three pushes' on bathroom floor.
David Zaslav was compensated $156.1million for his role as CEO of Discovery Communications it was revealed on Friday. This thanks to the success of shows like the once popular Here Comes Honey Boo Boo and his running of networks like OWN. A large portion of that money comes from stocks, with Zaslav receiving $144million in awards for his six-year contract.
Adriana Giogiosa, 55, was reported missing by her brother last week. He had not been able to contact her at house in Majadahonda, Madrid. Landlord, 32, has been arrested in connection with her disappearance. Police have found blood and an industrial meat grinder at the house. They are also thought to have found a list of three other tenants who are also missing.
Two of the teenagers who masterminded the Anzac Day plot had recently scouted police stations ahead of a possible attack. It comes as a friend of the teenagers who are believed to have planned the attack revealed the moment the two young men 'became radicalised' It is believed the two men who masterminded the Anzac Day plot attended Abdul Numan Haider's funeral. Both men frequented the controversial Al-Furqan Islamic study centre in South Springvale.
Man posed as a member of congregation at St James' church in Manchester. He stole an 86-year-old woman's handbag as she prayed on Good Friday. As he fled the church, he tried to steal two other women's bags. Police described the incident as 'appalling' and have released e-fit.
Man, 29, from California, had been playing Candy Crush Saga for weeks. He tore a tendon in his thumb and didn't even realise he was injured. Doctors who treated him said video games can numb people’s pain. This might be why some people play them excessively, they added.
Marie D'Argent claims she suffered vertebral disc trauma, whiplash and nightmares when the elevator at The Princeton complex in Melbourne dropped suddenly on October 9. The 55-year-old publicist says the fall also left her with a 'loss of libido','sexual discomfort and impairment' and 'curtailment of ­sexual adventurism' Ms D'Argent recently filed a statement of claim at the County Court of Victoria to seek compensation from the building owners' corporation and elevator service, Thyssenkrupp Elevator Australia.
The hole appeared recently on the outskirts of Urumqi, in Xinjiang Uyghur Autonomous Region in north-western China. The heat blasting from the 'ring of fire' has been measured at 792C from two metres away. Some Chinese internet users have branded it a 'gateway to hell' Experts think a coal seam may have spontaneously combusted below ground.
New Scottish drink-drive limit was cut from 80mg per 100ml of blood to 50mg. Bar sales have plummeted by 60 per cent, according to Bank of Scotland. Hospitality industry leaders claim new law is a 'form of prohibition'
As a junior at Jesuit High School in Dallas, the PGA golfer was humble enough to write the letter to the Murphy family who funded the scholarship that helped pay for his tuition. In the thank you note, Spieth wrote that he earned the scholarship from a work grant program. The 21-year-old impressed many following Sunday's big victory with his manners and affable manor as well as his golfing skills.
Alinea, run by the talented Grant Achatz has retained its crown as the best restaurant in the world, the annual poll by luxury magazine Elite Traveler revealed. The eatery, which is Chicago’s only three-Michelin-starred restaurant, is the brainchild of culinary prodigy Grant Achatz. The top 10 featured four American restaurants which are all in New York.
Seven out of the top ten holiday destinations for Aussies are in Europe. Athens, Istanbul and Toronto are the top three destinations for travellers. Between 2002 and 2012, the number of Aussies travelling overseas increased from 3.5 million to 8.2 million.
Paul Bramley, 28, died when Andreas Lubitz locked captain out of cockpit. But girlfriend Anneli Tiirik, 23, said she did not blame co-pilot for crash. She said: 'I cannot hate or blame someone for being sick'
David Cameron will pledge discounts of up to 70 per cent on housing association properties. Subsidies will be funded by forcing councils to sell off expensive homes. Right-to-buy scheme became Lady Thatcher’s most famous single policy.
Air force jets blitzed compounds in Gondodowe and Ismail, both in the Gedo region bordering Kenya on Sunday. Cloud cover made it difficult to establish how much damage the bombings caused or estimate the death toll. Kenya has struggled to stop the flow of Al-Shabaab militants and weapons across its porous 700km border with Somalia.
Accident and emergency doctor Lin Xikun offered himself as an alternate hostage. Nurse Long Yufang was taken hostage by a bare-chested man with a knife.
Enter the term 'CEO' into Google images and you'll be presented with a grid of smiling men in suits. Most of them are in stock images, with a few snaps of Steve Jobs thrown in. After Barbie, the next female is Jessica Herrin, CEO of Stella & Dot. Several high-powered women have re-tweeted the results of the search.
David Alderson, 72, found dead in abandoned mine in January last year. Police initially thought he had fallen from his bike because he was in lycra. Kevin Cooper and Trewen Kevern allegedly beat him and left him to drown. They then used his keys to steal £40,000 from a safe he kept in his flat.
Stephanie Scott was last seen at her workplace Leeton High School on Easter Sunday. The 26-year-old English and drama teacher is due to marry her fiance Aaron Leeson-Woolley this Saturday. On Wednesday, police released an image of the car Ms Scott was travelling in, a red Mazda 3 sedan with the NSW registration BZ-19-CD. Ms Scott's parents plan to hire a helicopter to join the desperate search for their daughter.
Peachtree City Police Chief William McCollom called 911 early New Year's Day to report inadvertently shooting his ex-wife, Margaret, as they slept in their suburban Atlanta home. The shooting left Margaret McCollom paralyzed below the waist. Investigators found no evidence McCollom was trying to hurt Margaret. He was indicted on Wednesday on a misdemeanor reckless-conduct charge. If convicted, McCollom could face a year in jail.
Royston Coates is serving 10 years for attacking a man with a knife. The 30-year-old has been posting messages to his 300 Facebook friends. They reveal he has been allowed to watch X Factor and England football match. He also encouraged friends to call him on his mobile - even though phones and social media are banned in all prisons.
Average woman spends £18,000 on products for her face in her lifetime. Many women make common mistakes every single day that could lead to their skin ageing faster. FEMAIL called on the best dermatologists in the business to shed some light on the classic mistakes women make.
Curt Almond spent at least £40 a week buying new Calvin Klein boxers. 26-year-old from Bristol could slip into new 'crisp pair' every day of the week. But after wiping out most of his savings, he realised it was 'bankruptcy' He has now managed to wean himself off his bizarre underpants addiction.
18th-century Ballyfin has been named the grandest hotel in Ireland by Conde Nast Traveller. The five-star hotel has only 20 rooms on its 614 acre estate, and can be hired out for £18,000 a night. Kim Kardashian and Kanye West visited the hotel on their honeymoon last year.
'Kick and kill' strategy aims to eradicate the virus by stimulating the immune system - the body's natural defence mechanism - with a vaccine. Theory was developed by researchers at University College London, the University of Oxford and the University of North Carolina. Study looked at a single 59-year-old man in London who was an 'elite controller' - meaning his immune system could control HIV for a long period of time without needing treatment.
Labour leader visited the Gurdwara during a campaign tour of the Midlands. But his team banned national media journalists from the event. Worshippers were also banned from using cameras and phones. Mr Miliband would answer only a small number of questions from the Sikh press.
Sandra Malcolm's body was found at her Cape Town home by her grandson. Reports suggest the 74-year-old's attackers had mutilated her. Mrs Malcolm, originally from Dundee in Scotland, had lived in South Africa for 35 years.
Progressive education experts in UK have long pushed for system to emulate Finland's group work and independent study. But analysis of Finnish education suggests pupil aptitude has declined. Finland only did so well before because of influence of teacher-led methods. But it has slipped down international rankings tables as new techniques became more widespread. Findings will add weight to arguments by Michael Gove that a return to traditional teacher-led lessons are the way to raise standards in schools.
Video captures moment man proposes to his girlfriend inside a McDonald's. He drops down on one knee and places a diamond ring on her finger. The couple embrace after she says 'yes' and leave the fast food chain.
WARNING: GRAPHIC CONTENT. Harrowing images of beheading are being shared on social media by bloodthirsty ISIS supporters. One of those distributing the images is a man claiming to be a British jihadi fighting for the terror group. The photographs are understood to have been taken near Tikrit in Iraq's Salah al-Din province.
The Prime Minister managed to bore a six-year-old schoolgirl on Wednesday. But not the only politician to cause a stir with children. Ed Miliband, Ed Balls and Nick Clegg have all had awkward moments.
A quarter of Australians have opted for solo living. 70 percent of the women are more likely to have a university degree than the men. Only 25 percent of men who live in a one-person household have attained a university degree.
Riddick Bowe was once the world's best heavyweight fighter and had $15m fortune. The 46-year-old has now offered to 'tweet anything' for people who pay him $20. He is sharing the messages with his 450,000 followers on Twitter.
Justin Whittington, 23, was arrested on Friday in Bakersfield, California, and charged with child cruelty. Surveillance video shows a man chasing a toddler then hitting him in the face. Following interviews, his charge was changed from 'cruelty' to 'endangerment' and his bail dropped from $1 million to $20,000. On Sunday he posted a message on Facebook asking for his pregnant wife and son to be 'left out of this'
Fraser Ross accused of swearing at staff at Kitson store in Los Angeles. Fashion brand is hugely popular with celebrities including Victoria Beckham. But two stores in LAX are not run by Mr Ross - they are run by another company. Hudson has filed a $1million lawsuit to end the business relationship.
Hannah McWhirter engaged in the threesome with co-worker Dionne Clark and her husband Shaun in July 2013. She even exchanged texts with the couple after their threesome telling them how much she enjoyed herself. But when Mr Clark told the John Lewis department store worker's boyfriend about their hookup she claimed she had been raped. McWhirter admitted wasting police time with false rape claims.
Keith Anthony Allen, 27, of Columbus pleaded not guilty Monday to charges including rape, felonious assault and gross sexual imposition. Allen is accused of raping two 12-year-old girls since September and fondling a third girl. Prosecutors say Allen could face a life sentence if he is convicted of having sex with a child under 13.
John Young, 66, and wife Elaine, 54, were sat writing thank you cards for gifts. Thugs began pelting his front window with stones in Oldham, Greater Manchester. Mr Young went to confront them and was hit in the face with a brick. He suffered an open wound to his forehead and a serious injury to his left eye. Doctors were unable to save his eyesight meaning he is now blind in one eye. Police said there appears to be no known motive for the attack last Friday.
Russian warship and two bombers strayed close to UK territory yesterday. destroyer equipped with missiles, anti-aircraft guns and torpedoes entered English Channel. It forced the UK to send a heavily-armed frigate to monitor the vessels. Hours later, two Russian long-range Bear bombers hugged British airspace. Sources claim both incidents may have been an attempt to'snoop' on a huge Nato war games exercise taking place in Scotland.
Female cyclist killed in rush-hour accident with a lorry in central London. Witnesses report seeing front wheel of her bike 'completely squashed' under lorry. Incident was the fifth death of a cyclist in the capital this year - all involving lorries.
Michael Slager, 35, is being held in prison on murder charges after killing Walter Scott, 50, in North Charleston, South Carolina. Prosecutors say he is not eligible for the death penalty because the killing did not include any of a list of narrowly-defined 'aggravating circumstances' State law lists 12 'aggravating circumstances' which enable the death penalty.
In tonight's episode of BBC Two's Back for Dinner, the Robshaw family sample insects. Two billion people worldwide already supplement their diet with insects. The lack of traditional meat proteins can be put down to population expansion.
Maarij Khan and his mother Mushammat are set to be deported to Bangladesh. They came to the UK in 2007 to live with Maarij's brother Saffat, 10. Saffat was diagnosed with rhabdomyosarcoma, a childhood cancer. After years of chemotherapy and radiotherapy he died of meningitis. Now 3,500 people have signed a petition to allow the family to stay.
The Black Book of Carmarthen is the earliest surviving medieval manuscript written solely in Welsh. contains some of the earliest references to Arthur and Merlin.
Martina Riccioni and her friend Antoinettia Caffero, 21, were involved in a head-on collision on Easter Monday. Ms Riccioni was thrown from the passenger seat of the car and was killed at the scene. Ms Caffero remains in hospital in a critical condition. Her family in Italy cannot afford to bring her body home so have turned to crowdfunding. The transportation of her body could cost as much as $20,000.
Graphic artist Zach Yonzon runs the Bunny Baker Cafe in Manila. He uses steamed milk and froth as the canvas upon which he creates masterpieces. The tools of his unique trade include a spoon and a barbecue skewer.
Sky Living invited real estate agents to value a house in a viral video. The Enfield house was rigged with secret cameras, microphones and booby traps. The unsuspecting estate agents were subject to terrifying pranks.
Shocking footage has emerged of a violent brawl involving more than 70 teenagers. The fight occurred at a 'Facebook' party in Brisbane's south. Police were called to disperse over 200 teenagers just before 10pm. Four people have been arrested over the incident, including a 20-year-old man.
Eight-year-old taken to hospital after'sleeper' playground prank went wrong. Child believed to have had underlying health problems and is expected to make full recovery. Police issue warning on Facebook after 'dangerous new craze' goes wrong. Officers in Manchester believe it is a new craze and have alerted parents.
Donald Sterling showered V. Stiviano, 32, with gifts including a $1.8 million house, a Ferrari and stocks - all while hiding them from his wife of six decades. But Shelly Sterling insisted on Wednesday she didn't take them to court over the money. A judge ruled this week that Stiviano must return $2.6 million to Shelly. She said she would donate the proceeds to charity.
Coronation Street's Samia Ghadie visited New York with boyfriend Sylvain Longchambon. The couple, who met on Dancing on Ice, spent four days in the city. They visited the site of the World Trade Center to pay their respects.
The contraceptive is made with hydrogel, a strong and flexible solid. It can be made to feel and act like human tissue. The groundbreaking design will eventually offer functions like self-lubrication, topical drug delivery, and even electric conductivity.
Jack Henry Doshay, 22, was arrested last week for allegedly trying to kidnap a 7-year-old girl from Skyline Elementary School in Solana Beach, California. He appeared in court on Friday where he pleaded not guilty to charges of kidnapping, false imprisonment with violence and child cruelty. His parents, Karen and Glenn Doshay, were noticeably absent from the court. If convicted, Doshay faces up to 11 years in prison.
Bentleys and Porsches are more likely to break down than cheaper cars. The two marques finished bottom of a 38-strong table of vehicle manufacturers judged on reliability. The most reliable was Honda, with Suzuki second and Toyota in third place.
Teams from Homeland Security and Immigration and Customs Enforcement (ICE) stormed 239 crime syndicates across the country. At least 913 have already been charged with a range of crimes including rape, murder and sexual assault. As they were booked into jail, some of the suspects were forced to take off their shirts and reveal their tattoos. Images released following the raids show tables covered in confiscated guns and defendants showing off their gang tattoos.
Jackson Byrnes was diagnosed with a deadly brain tumour three weeks ago. The 18-year-old was told it was too deep and aggressive to operate on. He has flown from Lismore in NSW to Sydney to undergo surgery. The only surgeon in Australia willing to perform the risky operation is renowned neurosurgeon Dr Charlie Teo. Jackson needs $80,000 by Tuesday night in order to pay for his surgery upfront, and another $45,00 for fees.
Raghunandan Yandamuri, 29, of King of Prussia, Pennsylvania, is appealing his death penalty sentence for a murder. He was convicted in the 2012 slayings of 10-month-old Saanvi Venna and 61-year-old Satayrathi Venna. He was expressionless as the verdict against him, which included up to 62 years in prison for kidnapping, burglary, and abuse of a corpse.
Estimates suggest 1,000 iOS apps are vulnerable to a flaw in AFNetworking. This includes Uber, Microsoft's OneDrive and Movies by Flixster. Flaw was first reported at the end of last month and applies to version 2.5.1. It was active between 24 January until it was flagged up on 25 March. SourceDNA has created a tool to let developers - and phone users - check to see if their apps and devices are at risk.
Dave Roberts bungee jumped off the Transporter Bridge over the River Tees. He followed in the footsteps of his great-great-uncle Daniel McAllister. Mr McAllister jumped off the bridge in 1913 for a bet worth just a sixpence. Mr Roberts, 50, is in the running to become the mayor of Middlesbrough.
Hundreds of mourners have gathered to farewell three children who died when their mother's car crashed into a Melbourne lake. Bol Manyang, one, his four-year-old sister Hanger and her twin brother Madit were laid to rest in tiny white coffins at St Andrew's Church in Werribee on Saturday. Their mother Akon Guode and father Joseph Tito Manyang sat in the church's front row, alongside older sister Awel, 5, who survived the crash. Police are still investigating how the car ran off the road and ended up in a lake at Wyndham Vale in Melbourne's
Wat Pa Luangta Bua Yanasampanno has been told all 147 tigers must be handed over by Friday or they will be seized. The temple, just outside of Bangkok, has been told all animals must be handed over by Friday as the monks do not have permits for them. The investigation was launched following multiple complaints of trafficking endangered species, illegally selling animals and possible mistreatment of the animals.
Giuliana recently revealed her then boyfriend Jerry O'Connell 'flirted with and felt up' Rebecca Romijn at a party over a decade ago. Photos from that party reveal a loved up couple just moments before Giuliana Rancic became a woman scorned.
Ian Harris, 51, is a member of the Church of the Flying Spaghetti Monster. His followers regard the pasta strainer as a religious garment. He is challenging DVLA over his rights to wear the metal bowl in his photo. He has already been turned down once but has sent off a fresh photo.
The Curious Canine Kitchen is a 'holistic restaurant for four-legged friends' Dog dishes include textures of tripe with seaweed and kale puree, crispy paddywack with reishi mushroom flaxseed cream, coconut and blueberry chia pudding.
The 12-inch water main broke around 6:45pm at 13th Street and Seventh Avenue in Manhattan, shutting down three train lines in both directions. Video footage shows water flooding onto the subway tracks as stranded straphangers look on. Firefighters said as much as 2 feet of murky water, more than enough to reach the electrified third rail, had accumulated in some places before the water began to recede.
Ted Koran, 59, called the Veterans Suicide Hotline on Saturday night. He was distraught after losing his wife Karen six months ago. Claims he was put on hold three times for 10 minutes at a time. Only thought of his 60 rescue animals saved him from ending his life.
Fredric Brandt was found dead in his home on Easter Sunday morning. Police report reveals Brandt was suffering from extreme depression. Comes as sources close to Brandt said he was 'definitely hurt' by an apparent portrayal of himself on the Netflix show. The show, Unbreakable Kimmy Schmidt, features a character called Dr Franff, who has a high-pitched laugh and a speech impediment.
Olympic gold medalist, 26, is eight months pregnant with her first child. Says she put on a stone and couldn't fit in her clothes during pregnancy. Has been swimming and going to the gym to keep fit during pregnancy. Daughter is due on June 4 and she is planning a water birth.
The Sutherland Shire Council is exploring the idea of allowing overseas backpackers to park their campervans in allocated locations right on the beach. The motion was proposed by Councillor Steve Simpson due to the economic boost the backpackers bring to the area. Many locals have already had a negative response to the backpackers crowding the beachside streets.
Christine Carriage, 67, hoarded 1,300 items of stolen clothing in her home. Police found an 8ft-long rail bending under the weight of the stolen goods. She admitted acquiring, using or possessing criminal property. Handed a six-month suspended sentence at Norwich Crown Court.
The image was captured over Jaibru in Australia by an off-duty emergency services officer. Upwards lightning is possible, but is very rare - with current estimates suggesting less than 1% of strikes travel in an ‘upwards’ direction. Storm chaser Dan Robinson believes 'looped lightning' is simply a trick of perspective, based on where the viewer is stood. This means it appears to rise and loop even though it is not.
Carlos Toro, 66, worked as a mid-level member of the Medellin Cartel. A confrontation with his boss caused him to flee from Colombia in the 1980s. He came to the US and eventually began working for the DEA as an informant. Toro became one of the DEA's most important assets and helped the agency carry out undercover stings around the world. He wasn't paid for work, but was told he would be rewarded with US citizenship. That has not happened and he is now technically living in the US illegally.
Pakistan had almost completely eradicated polio three years ago. Polio is on the rise again after the Taliban declared the vaccine to be a 'Western conspiracy' and a 'bio-weapon' More than 80 health workers before Farhina Touseef have been slaughtered by the Taliban.
MailOnline Travel reveals the best ways to save a buck in some of the world's most budget-busting cities. Opt for a stroll around New York's Highline or Paris' Jardin du Luxembourg, or visit one of London's many free museums.
Szilveszter, 24, feared he would never be able to have more children. DIY procedure left him unable to have sex and in constant pain. Plastic surgeon Dr Vik Vijh said: 'Injecting petroleum jelly into the penis makes no sense on any level'
New Jersey police have released a sketch of an infant whose headless remains were discovered last year in an attempt to track down the child's mother. On Nov. 11, 2014, the headless body of a seven-pound-five-ounce infant was found in a trash heap in Farmingdale, New Jersey. The baby, who was named 'Emma Grace' by a local church, was discovered by a ReCommunity Recycling facility employee. Investigators located the infant's head along with two blood-soaked blouses and a bag more than 50 miles away in Orange township.
Tori Hester, 25, from San Diego, California, was diving in Cabo Pulmo. Husband Jeff, 26, was on hand to capture the moment using his camera.
Tim McGraw is scheduled to perform a concert in Hartford, Connecticut on July 17 for the Sandy Hook Promise charity. The group was formed in the aftermath of the 2012 shooting at Sandy Hook Elementary School that killed 20 children and six adults. McGraw's decision to support a pro gun control charity has drawn criticism from conservative country music fans.
Caitlin Kellie-Jones was diagnosed with Hypoxic Ischemic Encephalopathy. The condition occurs when the brain does not receive enough oxygen. She was placed on a specialist cooling machine within 40 minutes of birth. This allowed the brain to cool and minimises the damage from lack of oxygen. Her parents Nicola and Paul are now raising money to help other children.
Brooke Geherman, from Alberta, Canada, posted a video of her son, Kowen. The young boy is devastated by the loss of his pet goldfish, Top. He holds the fish before kissing it repeatedly in a heartbreaking move. As the goldfish circles the bowl and disappears from sight, Kowen realises he will never see Top again.
Etan Patz 'is larger than his very little, important life,' Assistant District Attorney Joan Illuzzi-Orbon said in closing arguments at the Manhattan murder trial of Pedro Hernandez. She asked jurors to convict Hernandez of murder, saying he was a calculated killer who committed a terrible crime and then spent three decades trying to hide from it. Hernandez confessed in 2012 in a case that has confounded law enforcement for decades.
Aerial photographs taken above Whitefish Bay on eastern Lake Superior, Ontario, show some of the freighters lined up across a frozen expanse. They are carrying a variety of goods from Canadian grain to US iron and steel but are being hampered by slabs of ice the size of pick-up trucks. The ships desperately need a path cut through the lake by Canadian and US ice breakers, which have been hampered by the extreme conditions.
Joshua Finbow, 23, Craig Stoner, 24, Simon Radford, 31, and Darren Smalley, 35, are being held by military police in Canada. The men were charged with sexual assault causing bodily harm and group sexual assault. The alleged victim, who is a civilian, was taken to hospital and examined by sexual assault nurses.
Hadas (not her real name) had 'the cut' when she was just a few months old. Most people in Eritrea think that if a girl is not cut, she will grow up to be a good girl. People also believe that if a girl is clumsy, she has not been cut.
The video was taken in the forecourt of a gas station in Philadelphia. It shows five people, including two children, attacking the helpless 51-year-old. The encounter is believed to have been caused by a 10-year-old boy. He accused the man of jockeying with him while asking to fill motorist's tanks for spare change. The boy's mother, Aleathea Gillard, allegedly used the rocking chair leg while close family friend, Shareena Joachim, 24, is said to have carried the Mace.
54 per cent of women say the best thing about being single is being able to go home and go straight to bed without being bothered. While 29 per cent of Aussie blokes say the variety of sexual partners is what floats their boat. While 54 per cent of women believe they love, they spend less time actively looking for dates than male counterparts.
Sean Crawford has three animal sculptures currently on display at Traffic Jam Galleries at Neutral Bay on Sydney's lower north shore. The former plumber picked up his distinctive style after his family taught him about hunting and taxidermy on the farm he grew up on. He said he can understand why some people find his work 'a bit ungodly', but in his opinion, there is nothing worse than 'art that doesn't affect you at all'
David Lammy said SNP was party Labour could 'do business with' in hung parliament. Comes amid increasingly stark warnings from Tories that SNP will hold Labour to 'ransom' if it holds balance of power in Parliament next month. Polls suggest Nicola Sturgeon's party are on course to win up to 50 seats on May 7 – wiping out any hopes of a Labour majority.
The Alborz destroyer and Bushehr support vessel sailed from Bandar Abbas to the Gulf of Aden today. Military bosses claim the move is designed to protect Iranian shipping from piracy. It comes as Saudi Arabia continues to lead a bombing campaign to oust the Iran-allied Houthi movement.
Yassir Ali was stopped by police in Birmingham on suspicion of theft. The 29-year-old sped off in the silver BMW 1 series at speeds of up to 80mph. He crossed over to the wrong side of the road and narrowly missed oncoming traffic. Ali was jailed for 14 months for dangerous driving at Birmingham Crown Court.
Canadian actor Jonathan Crombie died on Wednesday night in New York after suffering a brain hemorrhage. He was best known for his role as Gilbert Blythe in the Canadian television drama film Anne of Green Gables and two sequels. Crombie was discovered as an actor when he was 17 years old in a high-school production of The Wizard of Oz. He was the son of former Toronto mayor and Canadian Cabinet minister David Crombie.
Boy was on holiday in Burnham-on-Sea with his family from Manchester. He was wading across mudflats when he quickly became stuck in knee-deep mud. Beach warden noticed the boy standing in the flats as he tried to reach the sea and alerted the coastguard. The coastguard used a hovercraft to reach the boy, with two members of its mud rescue team enlisted to pull him out to safety.
Robert Kennedy Jr used the term last week during the screening of a film that links autism to a chemical found in several childhood vaccines. On Monday, following a storm of criticism, he publicly retracted his statement. He said he had been struggling for a way to convey the effects of autism on children.
Tamara Pacskowska pretended to be Georgina Bagnall-Oakley. The 56-year-old could not speak English and took daughter-in-law along. Pacskowska sobbed as she was given a community order and made to pay costs after previously admitting fraud. Her daughter-in-law and conman Benjamin Khoury also escaped jail.
A new report reveals the government began secretly tracking phone calls under a program created for the Drug Enforcement Agency in 1992. This is the oldest known example of the American government authorizing this level of tracking on unknowing citizens of the country. The program allowed agents to monitor calls the ruled out the possibility of foreign ties to the 1995 bombing of the Oklahoma City federal building by American Timothy McVeigh.
A New York City woman caught a man robbing her apartment after he was captured on her cat camera. The woman, who is not being named, purchased the device that allowed her to watch her cats from work. The thief took her laptop, digital camera and some jewelry from her apartment.
The 18-carat gold rectangular piece was a gift to Lord Uxbridge. His stoic exchange with the Duke of Wellington after losing his leg has become etched in history. His leg was buried near the battlefield but later dug up and used as a macabre tourist attraction.
Michelle Heale of Tom's River, New Jersey claimed she was trying to burp Mason Hess when he began choking on his applesauce in August 2012. But when she pulled him off her shoulder his neck snapped backwards, killing the boy. She now faces 30 years in prison after a jury found her guilty of killing the youngster.
Georgina Chapman has been busy working on her upcoming Spring/Summer 2016 bridal fashion show for her fashion brand Marchesa. Her husband Harvey Weinstein was spotted looking remarkably relaxed outside his New York City townhouse on Thursday. Two weeks ago, Italian model Ambra Battilana accused the movie executive of groping her during a business meeting. No charges have been filed against Weinstein at this time and he has cooperated with authorities.
Sportsmail can reveal the shocking, acidic culture of discrimination aimed at Premier League football clubs and their players on the internet. Football's anti-discrimination campaigners teamed up with Tempero and Brandwatch to produce the most detailed findings of discrimination online. They discovered an abusive message is directed at a Premier League club or one of their players every 2.6 minutes. Liverpool striker Mario Balotelli received by the far the most with more than 8,000 discriminatory messages directed at him and Arsenal's Danny Welbeck faced 1,700.
Crystal O'Connor, owner of Memories Pizza in Walkerton, Indiana, says she stands by her decision to never cater a gay wedding. She has closed her store, but said she will reopen again and $850,000 has been raised for the business by supporters in just two days. The news comes a little over a week after Indiana passed the Religious Freedom Restoration Act, which allows businesses to openly discriminate against gays. On Saturday, openly gay basketball star Jason Collins and openly gay Division I star Derrick Gordon arrived for the NCAA Final Four in Indianapolis.
David Rylance stole more than £50,000 from his dying mother Margaret. The 47-year-old admitted theft and fraud involving £52,000. One of Mrs Rylance's accounts held just £1,000 at the time of her death. Rylance continued to access the cash until the balance was zero.
Sprawling house built on site of old telephone exchange in Chelsea, London. Sold for 300 times average price of home in England and Wales and £7.6m in stamp duty. Spread across four floors, the house is 18 times size of average new home. Nine bedrooms, nine bathrooms, cinema, Japanese water garden and indoor pool.
A body pulled from the Mississippi River on Saturday has been identified as Barway Edwin Collins, 10, who has been missing for nearly a month. Crystal Police Chief Stephanie Revering said authorities have electronic evidence that shows the boy's father, Pierre Collins, was in that area at the time the boy disappeared. The Hennepin County Medical Examiner said the cause and manner of Barway's death are still being investigated. Pierre Collins has not been arrested or charged in relation to the incident, but Revering said authorities have his passport to ensure he stays in the country.
Abbey Road studios has never been open to the public before thanks to a new collaboration with Google. Inside Abbey Road takes users on an interactive, immersive and hugely detailed virtual tour of the studios. Studios hosted the world's first live global broadcast from The Beatles, as well as playing a role in the invention of stereo.
Lib Dem leader's wife said the party's MPs 'deserve' to be re-elected in May. Miriam Clegg joined home office minister Lynne Featherstone in north London. Pair met cast and crew of a short film examining the girls and gangs. While Miriam was campaigning, Mr Clegg was 100 miles away in Wiltshire.
Jourdan Dunn, 24, was severely bullied at school over her looks. The London-born beauty says she felt 'physically sick' in the mirror. Dunn was scouted at Primark aged 15 and has gone on to be a household name.
Faiz Ikramulla, 35, was arrested and charged on Thursday with aggravated kidnapping. His daughter, Aliya, was found Tuesday evening along a roadside near a forest preserve in Prospect Heights, Illinois. She was crying and waving her hands. Ikramulla will be extradited to Illinois to face charges. If found guilty of the aggravated kidnapping charge, he would face a mandatory sentence of six to 30 years in prison.
Judy Eddingfield, 65, celebrated her 50th anniversary working at Winstead's restaurant in Kansas City last week. Eddingfield began working at the restaurant where she was trained by her mother who had already been employed at the establishment for 13 years. Eddingfield says that her first day on the job when she was just 15-years-old she spilled a shake all over a woman's fur coat and thought for sure that she'd be fired.
Spanish media reports says boy, 13, had list of 25 names of teachers he wanted to kill. He told classmates of his plans as recent as last week, but none took them seriously. The teenager reportedly told classmates'several times', that he was going to kill all the teachers before committing suicide. Attack took place at Joan Fuster Institute in Barcelona at 9am this morning. Male teacher killed and two students and two teachers injured in the attack.
National Park Service and Secret Service are recommending the addition of half-inch-thick spikes, angled away from the White House, to the existing fence. The new spikes, officially known as 'pencil protrusions,' will be bolted on to the top for a year or more while an entirely new fence – as tall as 10 feet – is planned. A sitting congressman suggested in November that the Secret Service would be better able to protect the president and his family if 1600 Pennsylvania Avenue took a more mediaeval approach to security with a moat.
Royal Dutch Shell Plc said it has filed a complaint in federal court in Alaska seeking an. order to remove Greenpeace activists who climbed aboard an oil. rig in the Pacific Ocean. The environmental group said in a statement its team would. occupy the underside of the main deck of the Polar Pioneer. They plan to unfurl a banner. with the names of millions of people opposed to Arctic drilling.
Alison Saunders' legal adviser was a barrister in the same chambers as the son. Neil Moore was a barrister at 23 Essex Street where Daniel Janner worked. Senior police officers probing allegations of child abuse have reportedly raised concerns about Mr Moore's involvement in the decision to not proceed with his trial.
Monitoring by Hebridean Whale and Dolphin Trust teams has seen the number of encounters increase by 68 per cent over the past 12 years. The dolphins come to the Hebrides in spring to take advantage of seasonal food stocks, travelling in large groups and sometimes forming ‘super-pods’ of thousands of individuals. While they were once drawn to warmer waters above 10C south of the area, climate change is causing sea surface temperatures in the Hebrides to rise by around 0.5 C a decade. Warmer water species appear to be colonising new areas further north or closer to shore, the trust said
Note was left by a chip shop owner when he went on holiday with his wife. He laments the fact that he has to go youth hosteling with his family. The note was posted around a month ago but has gone viral this week.
German researchers found that some spices, herbal teas and medicinal plants have high concentrations of nicotine in them, despite none being allowed in insecticides. They used peppermint plants, which contain minimal traces of nicotine, in a series of fumigation and experiments. They found for the first time that peppermint plants can take up high concentrations of nicotine from contaminated soils.
Argentina has branded British attempts to explore seas around Falklands 'illegitimate' Says it will mount legal challenge but has ruled out another conflict with UK. Daniel Filmus said military conflict 'belongs to the past' and claimed: 'The United Kingdom can count on Argentina as an ally'
Andreas Lubitz may have forced Captain Patrick Sodenheimer into the toilet. Prosecutors believe Lubitz may have added a chemical to Captain Sodenheimer's coffee to remove him from the flight deck. Investigators have been scouring Lubitz's computers to determine his state of mind before the tragedy.
The former Baywatch star appeared odd soul-mates as they joined together at the Maricopa County Jail on Wednesday to promote the benefits of an all-vegetarian diet. Arpaio says cutting meat from the meals served to the more than 8,000 inmates has saved an estimated $200,000 per year. Anderson and PETA have come under fire for their association with the polarizing Arpaio, who has long faced criticism that he unfairly targets minorities for law enforcement.
The rare mammal has been making waves at the Taiji Whale Museum. While bottlenose dolphins are typically grey, the mammal is completely white. Pink tone is a result of the animals thin skin, which means its blood vessels can cause a change in skin tone depending on its emotional state.
The Australian girl's YouTube channel, CharlisCraftyKitchen, is the largest food channel on YouTube in less than three years. Charli and her five-year-old sister Ashlee, who serves as the channel's 'chief taste tester', are raking in an average of 29 million views per month.
Australian TV presenter, model and mother of two, Sophie Falkiner says she has been cinching in her waist with girdles long before the Kardashians. Falkiner says she discovered the benefits while interviewing Hollywood plastic surgeons for a work assignment years ago. Jessica Alba also swears by girdles for getting her pre-baby bod back too.
The proposals came after an increase in home fires and blasts linked to homemade hash oil. In Colorado, at least 30 people were injured last year in 32 butane explosions involving hash oil — nearly three times the number reported throughout 2013. People make hash oil at home for the same reasons they make beer, wine or booze — to save money, make it to personal taste, or as a hobby.
Xie Hong Feng, 45, died after falling down five floors through a lift shaft. Her three-year-old son has been accused of pushing her to her death. Neighbour Yang Shao told police Ms Xie had been pushed by her son. There is no CCTV outside the elevator, and police say Yang's statement is the only evidence.
Lucy is the oldest and most complete fossil of an early human ever found. Discovered in 1974, the 3.2 million-year-old skeleton stunned archaeologists who unearthed the fossil while digging in an isolated spot in the Afar region of Ethiopia. Now, a new look at the ancient hominin's skeleton suggests one of the bones may, in fact, belong to a baboon.
Vehicle has no mechanical linkages to the propulsion, steering, or brake actuators. Drive mode can be switched so that all four wheels point and move in the same direction. Also has a range of 100 km on a single charge of the battery.
19-year-old Hattie Gladwell was fitted with an ostomy bag. Underwent emergency surgery for ulcerative colitis. Now she shares her experience on her blog morethanyourbag.com. She reveals what it's like to wear a bikini for the first time.
Thousands of velella velella are washing up on beaches in Oregon, California and Washington thanks to strong winds. They have a small blue sail on top of their bodies, which means they are easily blown to shore during strong winds. They are not harmful to humans but will begin to smell as they decompose.
Cadbury is cutting the size of its beloved Freddo Frogs by 20 per cent. The chocolate amphibians, which weighed a plump 20g two years ago, will now weigh just 12g. Cadbury’s parent company’s profit before tax rose 46 per cent from $87 million to $127 million in 2013.
Ground-Based Air Defense Directed Energy On-the-Move. System will be able to spot and track drones, then shoot them out of the sky using a 30kw laser.
Matthew Weathers, a teacher at Biola University in California, often posts videos of himself tricking his class on his YouTube channel. This amusing clip would have engaged even the sleepiest student at the back of the room.
Janet Brown was battered to death in her own home 20 years ago. The 51-year-old's naked body was found by builders at the bottom of stairs. Detectives say new DNA evidence could help solve the 'heinous' crime. Forensics experts have extracted a DNA sample from an unknown person. Thames Valley Police are now appealing to the public for information. A £20,000 reward is being offered for information leading to a conviction.
Miley, 22, attended Rock And Roll Hall Of Fame induction on Saturday. Posed for social media snap with bushy underarm area. Social media users advised her to pick up a razor and shave.
A Starter Marriage is a fixed-term contract for couples to 'try on' before jumping into a life-long marriage. Author Susan Pease Gadoua says this model would work better for many modern day couples and avoid increasing divorces. A typical contract would cover areas such as finances, sex, and views on monogamy.
A Colorado wastewater facility went up in flames on Friday after a fracking tanker was hit by lightning. The fire began when lightning struck a water storage tank, launching it into the air. It landed 60 feet from the site. The water contained traces of hydrocarbons and petroleum as a result of hydraulic fracturing, which ignited. Nearby homes were evacuated, however no injuries were reported.
Sasha Obama, 14, was spotted with white earbuds in her ears as she and the First Family hiked at Great Falls Park in Virginia on Sunday. The unscheduled trip came after the White House had sent reporters home for the day.
New exhibition marks the 50th anniversary of New York City's Landmarks Law, which turns 50 on Sunday. The law was created after the demolition of the Beaux Arts-style Pennsylvania Station to make way for Madison Square Garden. The law was signed by Mayor Robert Wagner on April 19, 1965, and upheld by the Supreme Court in 1978.
Tweet published ahead of Liverpool's clash against Newcastle tonight. It read: 'Newcastle have suffered more beatings over the last 20 years than an unarmed African-American male' It was accompanied by a smirking picture of Liverpool boss Brendan Rodgers. It has resulted in a furious backlash on social media.
The Canadian pop star and his entourage tried to gain entry to Drake's gig on Sunday night. They showed they had proper wristbands, but were told by bouncers that the area was at capacity, according to the report. Eyewitnesses told TMZ that Bieber argued with security and said he couldn't stand in a huge crowd without being swamped by fans but security told him to leave. Sources close to Bieber told TMZ that he voluntarily left and was considering taking legal action against the security guards.
Staff attorneys at the U.S. Justice Department's antitrust division are nearing a recommendation to block Comcast Corps. $45.2 billion proposal to merge with Time Warner Cable Inc. The merger has been under extreme scrutiny since it was announced last February. If the deal is successful, Comcast would become the nation's leading cable and internet provider.
Jamie Silvonek, 14, is accused of conspiring with her soldier boyfriend, 20-year-old Caleb Barnes, to have her mother killed. Cheryl Silvonek's body was found stabbed in a shallow grave about 50 miles northwest of Philadelphia. Jamie Silvonek was sent to the county jail this month after she was charged as an adult and is in the women's housing unit, away from older inmates.
The medical incident officer joined the team caring for patients at Worcestershire Royal Hospital last Friday. It came as the West Midlands Ambulance Service demanded action following delays in treatment. The Worcestershire Acute Hospitals NHS Trust admitted circumstances were 'less than ideal'
Damian Lewis said red hair is having a moment on screens both big and small. From Game of Thrones to Eddie Redmayne and Julianne Moore, redheads everywhere are flying the flag for gingers everywhere.
Zane Gbangbola died at home – in the middle of the night – after being poisoned. For months after his death, police and other official agencies ruled out fears that the deadly fumes had come from a nearby landfill site. Instead, they insisted carbon monoxide from a faulty pump had caused his death. But damning new evidence proves the authorities knew for 14 months that hydrogen cyanide gas capable of killing Zane had leaked into the family's home as it was engulfed by floodwater. Zane's grieving parents Kye and Nicole Gbangbola have faced a 'wall of silence', leading to claims of a cover
Swedish scientists analysed more than 10,000 families with children aged two to 14 who did not have the condition. They looked at whether there was any family conflict, a change of family structure, interventions from social services or unemployment. 58 children were diagnosed with type 1 diabetes.
The images were captured by the Landsat 7 satellite in southwestern Algeria. They show 'ribbons' of sand and patterned stripes known as linear dunes. But the exact cause of these longitudinal structures is not known. One theory is that linear dunes are created by helical roll vortices. These are long rolls of air that spiral, or rotate one way before rotating another. They are commonly seen in clouds, creating what's known as 'cloud streets'
The tunnel led to a property in Tijuana, Mexico, close to the U.S. border. It was wired with lights and ventilation and stretched some 500 feet. Nine people were arrested and 44 pounds of marijuana seized.
CEO Wayne LaPierre told the NRA's annual meeting people must stand up against looming gun-control efforts. LaPierre declared that nobody'should be forced to face evil with bare hands' as he called Congress to permit handguns licence-carriers to carry their weapon in every state.
Ann Malsbury, 22, also battered Lee Judson, 21, with a saucepan and hair straighteners. Ex-boyfriend had gone to her Coventry home to collect belongings after break-up. But when he bent down to pick up something, Malsbury tried to throttle him. She then armed herself with a large carving knife and stabbed at him.
Daniel Pena had spent hours planning the perfect way to pop the question. Girlfriend Alex missed the crucial first sign with her name on. She gasped when the next sign revealed the marriage proposal as a joke.
Lewis Hamilton sprayed champagne at the face of a 'podium girl' Liu Siying after winning the Chinese Grand Prix. The 23-year-old said she was just doing her job and wasn't offended by it. Sexism campaigners called the British Formula 1 star's behaviour'selfish'
Footage shows three-year-old Luiz Antonio from Brazil being presented with a fanciful dish of octopus gnocchi at the dinner table. But instead of digging into the seafood feast he starts asking about where the tentacled creature set before him came from.
Five sailors who committed suicide had been serving with the Australian Navy on HMAS Stirling. Their families did not learn of their previous attempts to take their own lives and their drug use until after their deaths. The sailors were stationed or had been stationed at the West Australian port of HMAS Stirling off the coast of Rockingham, south of Perth.
Duncan Burton, 57, was arrested and charged last week with sexual assault. Burton was released in November 2012 after 14-years behind bars. He was allowed to work for Uber despite city controls prohibiting drug felons driving cabs. Burton did not have a city permit to drive a cab and had never applied for an exemption.
Tony Abbott was asked to have a drink by University of Technology Sydney Bats coach Simon Carradous on Saturday night. It took the Prime Minister about six seconds to down the schooner as players cheered and chanted'skol' and 'Tony' Anti-drinking campaigners said he was glorifying binge drinking and associating being a man with drinking booze.
Libby Jane Wilson was playing in a tunnel at the Yarrow Valley Country Park. The toddler was attacked by a Jack Russell which was not on a lead. Her father heard her screaming and kicked the dog away from her. The owner called the dog back and fled the scene in Chorley, Lancashire.
Evelin Mezei, a 12-year-old Hungarian national, was last seen in Stratford. She was spotted with an unknown man on a city street at 10.30pm yesterday. But the youngster, who came to the UK six months ago, was traced this morning.
Kenneth Morgan Stancil III, 20, 'walked into Wayne County Community College in Goldsboro at 8am on Monday and shot his supervisor, Ron Lane' Lane had previously supervised Stancil under a work-study program but is believed to have recently fired him. Stancil's mother has claimed that Lane had made 'inappropriate sexual advances toward' her son. Police said on Tuesday that they are investigating the fatal shooting as a possible hate crime.
Sarah Brady and her husband James crusaded against gun violence after he was shot during an assassination attempt on former president Ronald Reagan in 1981. The couple helped pass the Brady Handgun Violence Prevention Act in 1993. The act has blocked an estimated two million prohibited gun purchases in the United States. Mrs Brady was diagnosed with lung cancer in 2000 and was told she would likely not survive more than five years.
Labour leader Ed Miliband was reading from motivational notes during debate. His cribsheet prompts him to turn a ‘negative’ into a ‘positive’ He also wrote the words ‘negative’ and ‘positive’ connected by an arrow.
The four Vincenti sisters removed from Australia by their mother in 2012 are happy and settled in Italy with their father. The dramatic scenes of the girls being dragged kicking and screaming from their mother's Sunshine Coast home in the middle of the night to go back to live with their father in Italy caused widespread outcry. 60 Minutes has returned to the village near Florence where the girls have been living with their Italian Dad and interviewed the two elder girls, Emily and Claire Vincenti. Tara said the girls were somewhat aware of the hysteria the distressing scenes of their exit caused and 'have a bit of regret about how they handled it
A group of 15 men were arrested on suspicion of'multiple aggravated murder motivated by religious hate'. Last week 12 Christian men from Ghana and Nigeria were allegedly thrown off a rubber dinghy into the Mediterranean Sea. Survivors have now claimed the men tried to throw other Christians off the side of the vessel after an argument about religion.
Robert Bates, 73, is charged with second-degree manslaughter for shooting Eric Harris, 44, in the back on April 2 during an undercover operation in Tulsa, Oklahoma. Tulsa World has now published allegations of corruption within the Tulsa County Sheriff's Office. They claim that at least three of Bates' supervisors were removed from their posts when they refused to sign off on forged field training hours. They also allege that he was not properly trained to use firearms. However, the Sheriff's Office say they have been unable to find the paperwork.
Abdirahman Sheik Mohamud, 23, pleaded not guilty to charges of attempting to provide and providing material support to terrorists. Prosecutors say he was actually being instructed to carry out a terrorist act in the United States. Mohamud, a naturalized American, had. been instructed by a Muslim cleric to return to the United. States and carry out an act of terrorism.
Shane Dunn, 25, met victim Ian Garrod, 55, on gay dating app Grindr. He then went back to his home in Medway, Kent, for sex and stabbed him. Dunn, who was high on Class A Mephedrone, then left Mr Garrod for dead. He even pretended to call an ambulance, but instead left him for dead. He was caught after police examined two cigarette butts found in Mr Garrod's garden. Both had DNA linking them to Dunn, who has now been jailed for 12 years.
Jade Ruthven, 33, of Perth, Western Australia, was shocked when she found a scathing note in her mailbox. The note claimed to be from 'a few of the girls' It was written on behalf of everyone who views Jade's Facebook posts. Jade was accused of 'p***ing' everybody off by posting too many photos of her six-month-old daughter Addison on Facebook. The dental hygienist still doesn’t know who was responsible for the letter.
More than one million albums sold on vinyl for first time in almost two decades after seven years of steady growth. UK’s first official weekly vinyl chart has been established. The inaugural top spots in the album rankings and the two top places in the singles list have been claimed by Noel Gallagher.
Jondrew Lachaux, from Las Vegas, is married to the teenager's mother. They have six children together while the teen is from another relationship. Lachaux allegedly sexually assaulted the teenager and she had become pregnant, but she did not know. While they were away, the teen gave birth in her mom's bed - she did not have any medical help and did not take the newborn to the hospital.
The first print ad, which shows images of various female American Apparel employees, has the words 'Hello Ladies' emblazoned across the page. According to the ad, 55per cent of American Apparel's global workforce is women.
Kamron Taylor, 23, escaped from the Jerome Combs Detention Center in Kankakee, Illinois, about 3am Wednesday. He 'hid in his cell, beat a guard unconscious, took his keys and uniform and sped off in his SUV' The convicted murderer shouted at the victim's family in court: 'I'm going to get you mother*******' Taylor was captured in South Side, Chicago, with a loaded gun on Friday night.
Help for Heroes has launched a fundraising drive to keep Robert Clark in his home. Brent Council said it was no longer able to afford to pay for a live-in carer to stay with the 96-year-old former prisoner of war. Mr Clark spent his £50,000 life savings on contributing to his care. The council want to move Mr Clark from the house he has lived in for the past 50 years into a care home because they claim it is cheaper. Mr Clark is blind, deaf in one ear and dependent on a wheelchair.
Max Verschuuren, 21, was shot in the back with a.270 rifle on Saturday. He was on his way to a felled deer in the Te Urewera forest, North Island. Grisly photographs show the gaping, bloody wound it left. Mr Verschuuren has received stitches and was expecting to be discharged from hospital later on Monday.
An Air Force major general has been formally reprimanded and removed from his job for telling a group of officers that talking to Congress amounted to 'treason' An investigation of remarks by Major General James Post III, who was the vice commander of Air Combat Command, found that his words to some 300 airmen at Nellis Air Force Base on Jan. 10 may have had a 'chilling effect' on some of them. Representative Mac Thornberry, chairman of the House of Representatives Armed Services Committee, said the Air Force action against Post was 'important and correct'
Bonnie Doll is Australia's answer to Lara Croft in the gaming world. The 28-year-old gamer has given up her job in hospitality to stream Call Of Duty. Followers of her live stream pay a subscription to join her online and also give donations. Currently she has more than 52,000 global followers on streaming platform Twitch and her channel has had almost one million views, with more than 8,000 followers on Instagram too.
Avoca Beach in the Central Coast, about 95kms north of Sydney, resembled something from a horror film on Tuesday. Sylvia Freedman filmed the scene that stretched out more than 15 metres from the top of the beach pathway to beyond the water's edge. 'Whenever the wind blew, the foam just felt like you were in a snow globe,' Ms Freedman said.
Cameron Hooker, 61, was handed a 104-year sentence in 1985 for the kidnap, torture and rape of Colleen Stan. Stan was known as 'the Girl in the Box' after it was revealed that she was forced into a coffin-like structure for 23 hours a day during for much of her captivity. Despite his century-long jail term, Hooker was allowed to request parole seven years earlier than under the normal rules. The parole board at Corcoran State Prison, where Hooker is incarcerated, denied the request and have stated the inmate won't get another hearing for 15 years.
The veteran host was warming up the studio audience ahead of his show on Monday when he made the off-colour gag. Letterman had just opened up questions to the floor, and fielded the first query of the night from a college employee. They asked what advice the scandal-hit comic would give to this year's graduates. But the joke received a frosty reception from the shocked crowd.
The average listener spent just ten hours a week tuning in to BBC radio. This was 14 per cent down on a decade earlier, when listeners clocked up an average of 11.6 hours a week. Sources blamed the downward trend on people leading faster-paced lives.
Minute-long clip shows the S300 rocket barely managing to take off. Small thud can be heard and debris fly off as the weapon makes feeble attempt. Seconds later, the rocket goes out of view as whoever is filming takes cover.
Alan Barnes was beaten by a drug addict outside his home earlier this year. The 67-year-old was left too scared to return to his Gateshead home. A fund was set up by beautician Katie Cutler which raised £330,000. The disabled pensioner was today handed the keys to his new home. He said it was 'fantastic' to finally be in the house after all this time.
120 dairy workers can tuck into a fine-dining meal for as little as £2 at the staff canteen at Yeo Valley's headquarters. All the food is made from organic and locally sourced food, prepared by executive chef Paul Collins. Most of the vegetables and fruit are grown by a community farm five miles away and meat comes from firm's own Holt Farm.
Roman Ehrhardt, a senior at Mississippi State, was secretly completing a project, in which he had to violate a societal norm. One of his classmates shared a photo of him grilling bacon on a George Foreman grill in class on Monday. The snapshot has been retweeted nearly 1,000 times since it was posted.
Chase Culpepper, 17, was told by DMV officials that she had to remove make-up for her license photo last year. Under the terms of the settlement, the state DMV is changing its policy on how male and female license applicants may dress or wear makeup in their official photos. Agency employees will also get training on how to handle transgender customers and people who don't identify with either gender.
Debbie Lee's son Marc was killed in Ramadi on August 2, 2006. The 28-year-old Navy SEAL was fatally wounded while covering fire. He was awarded the Silver Star and Purple Heart for his bravery. Dempsey, Chairman of the Joint Chiefs of Staff, spoke dismissively of the city last week while discussing operations against ISIS. He said: 'The city itself is not symbolic in any way. It hasn’t been declared the caliphate or central to Iraq. The issue isn’t brick and mortar. It is about defeating ISIS' Lee posted an angry open letter on the website for America'
David Cameron and Boris Johnson join forces to slam SNP plans. They question legitimacy of SNP's plan to try to put Ed Miliband in Downing Street. London Mayor claimed it would mean 'truckfuls of taxpayers' dosh.
Royal couple's favoured childrenswear brands hope to cash in on second child. Anything Prince George has been seen wearing has gone on to sell out. A little girl could bring in £150m for the British economy.
Mikki Nicholson, 36, was a national Scrabble champion, born male but identified as a woman. She stepped in front of a train after suffering verbal abuse in Carlisle. Inquest heard she had planned move to Newcastle, where she hoped people would be more accepting. But she changed her mind after being told she risked homelessness.
Wannabe singer Kristina Karo is suing Mila Kunis for $5,000. Claims Kunis stole her pet chicken as a child in north-west Ukraine. Says Kunis told her 'you can have any other chicken as a pet, you have a whole chicken farm'
Jaclyn Methuen and Ryan Ranellone were brought closer together by process on last night's episode of the FYI reality show. The couple agreed to move to Astoria, Queens, because it was the halfway point between their two homes in New Jersey and Long Island.
Australian nutritionist Susie Burrell has compiled a list of the five most nutritious, and five worst Australian breads. She said while too many processed carbohydrates can be bad, people shouldn't generally be eliminating them entirely. This comes as experts in the UK have warned of the long-term effects of completely cutting out one food group from your daily diet.
Handyman, 25, is the lover of a Dominican woman in her late 30s who invites him round for romps around her apartment in Brooklyn. The apartment block was named in a league table of complaints made to New York authorities about loud sex. The woman who was complained about was spoken to by police today. She said: 'I'm doing what I'm doing in my own apartment. I'm not hurting anyone'
Madison Avery Crotty, from San Diego, is seen screaming and crying. Her doting father Thomas 'Buddy' decides to try out his Darth Vader impersonation. The crackling, deep-sea type sound is reminiscent of what Madison might have heard in the womb just a month earlier.
The video was made in response to anti-catcalling signs that have been put up around New York City. The man being interviewed didn't seem to notice that he was being filmed in front of a sign like this one, which says 'no catcall zone'
Will pledge to introduce a system of 'English votes for English laws' Will give English MPs veto over legislation applying only to constituents. William Hague expected to warn England risks being 'held to ransom'
Sacha Whitehead received donations after posting a call to action on Facebook saying she would pick up the much-needed items and drive them into Sydney CBD. The Dee Why-based financial adviser spent the night with her sister Lexi handing the generous contributions out to the homeless during what's been hailed the storm of a century. Whitehead is collecting more donations today and handing them out at a popup shelter in Milsons Point.
One of them, an Eritrean called Mered Medhanie, was heard laughing on a police wiretap about overloading migrant ships. Second trafficker, Ermias Ghermay, who is thought to have made £72m with Medhanie from smuggling in the last two years, also showed callous disregard for the plight of his 'customers' Ghermay was already wanted on an arrest warrant in connection with an October 2013 capsizing off Lampedusa that left 366 dead.
Joseph Oberhansley 'forced his way into Tammy Jo Harbin Blanton's Indiana home last September and repeatedly stabbed her before eating some of her organs' He told police he then used an electric jigsaw to open her skull and eat parts of her brain, heart and lungs. On Tuesday, prosecutors asked for rape to be added to the charges and a judge will consider the request on May 4. In 1998, he was convicted of manslaughter for shooting dead his 17-year-old girlfriend just days after the birth of their son.
Dozens of people who visited the Cooden Beach Hotel fell ill. Symptoms included vomiting, diarrhoea and other symptoms of the bug. Owner James Kimber has issued an apology to guests and staff.
An FBI affidavit from November 2014 that was recently unsealed reveals translator Xiaoming Gao shared information with an alleged Chinese spy. The affidavit also revealed that Gao lived with another State Department employee who had top-secret clearance. Despite these claims, Gao was never prosecuted by the government.
Alice Liveing, from Gerrards Cross, Buckinghamshire, began her healthy journey just over a year ago. She started sharing pictures of her meals on Instagram, which allowed her to take stock of what she was putting into her body. Alice trains in the gym up to six times a week which is how she maintains her impressive body.
Elijah McKenna, who is deaf, was attacked by three rottweilers in Moore, Oklahoma, Saturday. His 9-year-old sister, Alyssa, scared off the hounds so she could carry him home. Elijah suffered two wide, bloody gashes on his back of his head and numerous deep bite marks all over his face and body. The boy, who celebrated his 11th birthday Tuesday, is now learning to walk again.
Amber Anderson, 27, has since been relieved of her duties at Christian Life Academy in Baton Rouge. She was booked into prison on Tuesday and is facing a charge of felony carnal knowledge of a juvenile. Anderson had been a math teacher at the school for three years and the alleged relationship took place during July and August of 2013. The victim told police that as time progressed, 'he and [Anderson] became extremely close to one another, and the messages began to become sexual in nature'
Interior designer Abigail Ahern has released a new style bible, Colour. Says that the ability of colour to transfrom surroundings is'second to none' Here, the best-selling author shares her top ten tips for colour confidence.
Tidal's $19.99-a-month app launched in New York on 30 March. Following the launch the app jumped to 4th place on the iOS music chart. It now ranks at 51 in the music category and 872 overall. While in the UK the app ranking is at 92 in the music app category. It is disappearing from the overall app list entirely as of 22 April.
Tracey Cox says that Gwyneth and Chris' amicable split is refreshing. She says that we can learn from the couple on how to split amicably. Tracey also gives some advice on how to stay friends with an ex.
The brave survivors have written a book, Hope: A Memoir of Survival in Cleveland, which will be released on April 27. In an excerpt, published in People magazine this week, Amanda and Gina revealed how they found the strength to survive imprisonment.
Karen Buckley, 24, went missing on a night out in Glasgow last month. Her body was found dumped on a farm north of the city on April 16. Judge Nigel Cadbury implied she had been drinking heavily on night of death. He was sentencing Leanne Roberts, 21, who assaulted someone outside a bar. He said: 'It’s very, very worrying how young girls put themselves in such very, very vulnerable positions' Women's rights campaigners have said his comments were 'unhelpful'
Natalie Fuller, 28, was found dead in front of a train in Baltimore last month. She suffered from bipolar disorder and psychosis, her mother has revealed. In a long article, Doris Fuller said her daughter's illness 'filled her head with devils' She said her daughter was 'the bravest person I have ever known'
Prime Minister made joke as Phillip Schofield moved on to next item. Mr Schofield said: 'Up next, a man who can pinch your wallet, your watch and even your tie without you noticing' Mr Cameron, who was off camera, could be heard saying: 'Is that Alex Salmond?'
Scientists found a system of the body's immune system to attack and kill off cancerous cells in lung, skin and bowel tumours. Survival rates in mice were boosted by more than 50 per cent. Scientists are now recruiting patients with skin cancer for the first human trial.
Myer will slash prices of designer clothing, shoes, accessories and wallets by up to 75 per cent. The department store has brokered deals to stock international labels at the same time as European and American retailers. The sale will run from Wednesday 22nd until Sunday 26th or until sold out.
Tennessee Judge Lila Statom told gang member O'Shae Smith 'East Lake Courts is not your hood' Statom had a personal connection to the area that has been ravaged with gang violence, and told Smith 'it used to be a very nice place to live' Smith has been charged with attempted first-degree murder for shooting Kendre Allen, 18, in the hip in late March. Allen also appeared in Statom's court last week to testify against Smith.
From sun salutations in San Francisco to drinking at a swim-up bar in a hot spring in Iceland, airports are offering ever more diverse activities. Firearms are prohibited, but you can practise archery deer hunting at Pittsburgh International airport up until October. If you're in Singapore, you can have a five-hour yoga session in one of the city's two meditation rooms.
Courtney Brain, 16, was taken out of Skegness Academy's classes. She visited her GP for treatment for a water infection and needed antibiotics. But she was stunned upon her return to class to be told she must make up missed time for 'unauthorised absence' Her mother Jane Burnham, 50, criticised'mind-boggling' decision to punish her.
The drone was spotted by a member of the Prime Minister's staff. It was equipped with a camera and a plastic bottle with traces of radioactive material. It is not known who flew the drone onto the building. It is widely suspected it was someone protesting against the country's nuclear policy. People in Japan have become increasingly wary about the number of nuclear power plants in the country.
David and Samantha Cameron both got stuck in with blue paint on the campaign trail. Mrs Cameron was campaigning with Conservative candidate Alec Shelbrooke in the seat of Elmet and Rothwell. She visited the Growing Zone, an allotment garden project for adults and children with special needs in Kippax.
The Anthem of the Seas, which has 16 decks and a capacity for nearly 5,000 passengers, sailed past the Explorer of the Seas this afternoon. The cruise liners, which are both owned by Royal Caribbean International, will both be based in Southampton this summer. The Anthem of the Seas, which was officially named earlier this week, is set to welcome more than 80,000 people on board this summer.
Much of the new Avengers movie was shot in Seoul, South Korea. The country's culture ministry agreed to cover a third of filming costs. They signed an agreement to ensure the country is shown in a positive light. Move echoes that of Sony and MGM, who recently made headlines after leaked emails revealed the Mexican government had offered the studios $20m.
Lian Doyle, 24, helped cover up Pennie Davis' murder in the New Forest. Boyfriend Justin Robertson was paid £1,500 to kill the 47-year-old. He was jailed for life yesterday after being convicted of Mrs Davis' murder. Doyle was sentenced to 10 months in prison, but released immediately.
Police in Shanghai seized three million knock-off condoms worth £1.3 million. lubricating oil used made condoms so disgusting they vomited. Fakes were packaged as popular brands and made in makeshift workshops. Gang had nine production lines and warehouses across the country.
Mel Greig has blogged about how she is undergoing IVF treatment. The radio host married her fiancé Steven Pollack at Byron Bay in November. The couple's efforts to have a baby have been thwarted because she suffers from Endometriosis. Mel wants to help remove the stigma associated with IVF treatment.
Reading scientists say chewing gum helps you forget a song. In a study people were less likely to think about it when chewing. And they were a third less likely to 'hear' it when chewing gum. The results suggests same technique could stop other intrusive thoughts.
Emergency workers surrounded the Delta Air Lines plane at LaGuardia Airport. Firefighters used a thermal imaging camera to locate a potential heat source. Passenger Pamela Sullins snapped photos showing a firefighter in the aisle.
Will Hatton has made a career out of travelling the globe as The Broke Backpacker. The 26-year-old British backpacker has only once tried to conform to a regular nine-to-five desk job at a travel agency. Instead, Mr Hatton has made a career out of travelling the globe, recording his adventures in his blog. He has visited nearly 50 countries over the last seven years and aims to reach 100 by the time he turns 30.
Photographer James Oatway took images of Emmanuel Sithole being stabbed and beaten by four men in Alexandra township near Johannesburg. He has been accused of not doing enough to prevent Mr Sithole's death. Mr Oatway said it was vital for people to see the brutality of the anti-immigrant protests that are sweeping the country. He also told how he desperately tried to save Mr Sithole by taking him to a nearby medical centre. But in a desperate twist he found it was closed because the foreign-born doctor had failed to turn up for his shift.
The Duchess of Cambridge revealed her baby is due'mid to late April' She said last month that her child is due 'not long to go now' But the Palace says it has never confirmed a due date or any other. April 25 is widely thought to be the Duchess' due date. But tomorrow and Friday are also popular with punters.
Oscar-winning actor posted on social media that 'Benjamin Cole' was the relative dropped from the PBS show about his family history. The admission came the day after he apologized for lobbying for the removal of the truth about his family past from Finding Your Roots. He said: 'Lots of people have been asking who the guy was. His name was Benjamin Cole - lived in Georgia on my Mom's side about six generations back'
A Sydney harbour pilot finally boarded the cruise liner this morning. The ship, carrying 2,500 holidaymakers and 1,500 crew, docked at the Overseas Passenger Terminal at around 10am. Huge waves as high as 40 feet smashed glass panels, shattered plates and cups and left many on-board violently seasick. One passenger has told how many travellers have been 'vomiting for two days' due to rough seas. Carnival Spirit was returning from a 12-night cruise to New Caledonia, Vanuatu and Fiji but has been stopped by the huge waves.
The Duke of Edinburgh has received the insignia of a Knight of the Order of Australia. He was presented with the award by the Queen at Windsor Castle on Wednesday. The 93-year-old Duke of Edinburgh joined the Royal Navy in 1939. He served throughout the Second World War and on until 1953. The Queen agreed to the Australian prime minister's recommendation in January.
In total, six tigers, a bear, a lion, a cougar, a black leopard and a liger were taken from Kenny Hetrick's Stony Ridge farm after it was found he did not have the correct permit. The 72-year-old widower is now fighting to overturn the seizure, backed by neighbors who insist his menagerie doesn't pose a threat.
Loretta Burroughs, 63, of Ventnor, New Jersey, was sentenced to 55 years in prison for the murder of her husband, Daniel Burroughs, 63, in May 2013. Mrs Burroughs stabbed her husband to death, dismembered him with a knife and a saw, and took his remains with her as she moved three times in six years. She was arrested in May 2013 after his body parts were found inside the guest bedroom closet of the Ventnor home she was moving out of. She had told family and friends that he had left her for another woman shortly before the couple was due to move to Florida in August
Karen Reidy, 40, from Manchester, thought she had found her soulmate. Met Sakir Candan, 12 years her junior, on holiday in Marmaris in 2012. Karen slimmed from a size 22 to a size 12 and showed off her new look.
Director of Public Prosecutions Alison Saunders was encouraged by two aides to charge the Labour peer with historic sex crimes. Clare Montgomery QC and child abuse expert Eleanor Laws QC, offered advice which could have supported a move to prosecute. Mrs Saunders decided that it was not in the public interest to put Lord Janner in the dock due to his advanced Alzheimer's. Figures from across the political spectrum are clamouring for the decision be reversed amid fears of a 'whitewash'
Marissa Holcomb, who is five months pregnant with her fourth child, was held at up at the Popeyes in Channelview, Texas, on March 31. A man armed with a handgun and his face concealed by a red beanie ran into the store and jumped the counter, forcing Holcomb to empty the registers before making off with $400. She was given an ultimatum by her managers - replace what was taken or lose her job. 'I just had a gun to me. I'm not paying the money,' she said.
The statement 90s chop is making a comeback among hipsters. One chain of British barber shops has reported a 200 per cent surge in requests. Men queue around the corner for their turn to get the snip.
Jaime Hessel said her driver had been on his phone, cut across lanes, and even driven down a bus lane during the 35-minute 'trip from hell' She received a bizarre email the following morning which stated she owed Uber more than $16,000 - with a $4,000 refund. Uber has since wiped the bill and offered to pay her the original $15 refund.
The 18-year-old model is just 18 months younger than her older sister Gigi, who was named one of the world's most beautiful people by People magazine earlier this week.
Yvonne Evans harassed Pauline Bruce and her son John for seven years. She made silent calls, taunted her dying husband and attacked John with secateurs. Yvonne pleaded guilty to harassment in court and was fined £100. She signed a community resolution saying she would stay away from the family. But she didn't stick to it and continued to harass them.
Aden Gould, 21, went into Sainsbury's in Stoke-on-Trent to test speakers. He put them back where he found them but was confronted by security. Sainsbury's banned him from all 1,200 of its stores and fined him £150. But the ban has now been revoked after his mother complained.
Ann Rule's son, 54-year-old Andrew Rule, is accused of bullying her into giving him $23,327. He admitted to authorities that he blew the money given to him on gambling and strip clubs. Michael Rule, 51, is accused of forging his mother's signature on her checks from March 2014 to February 2015 amounting to $103,628. Ann Rule, 84, is known for many of her crime books including the 1980 bestseller The Stranger Beside Me based on serial killer Ted Bundy.
James Krainch was 22 months old when he fell from a second floor window. His screen was not strong enough to prevent him from tumbling to the ground. His mother Michelle Newman said she heard a 'pop' and saw her son's heels. She said she hopes her story will make other parents think twice about their homes.
Paul Hellyer, who was a Canadian minister from 1963 to 1967, is urging world powers to release what he believes to be hidden data on UFOs. Hellyer, 91, first went public with his belief in aliens on Earth in 2005. He claims that the aliens have 'been visiting our planet for thousands of years' and are unimpressed with how we live.
Amateur photographer Nicolas Locatelli, 20, snapped the unusual cloud in the sky above Briones Regional Park, in California. With its large snout and blackened eyes, the furious-looking beast appeared to breath fire as it stared down from the sky. Captured at dusk the red sky adds a fiery hue behind the clouded creature giving it an uncanny likeness to the legend of St George.
Shannon Carter, 21, repeatedly struck 20-year-old Amelia Gledhill with shoe. Ms Gledhill said to have been left traumatised by the unprovoked attack. She is still having problems with her eyesight and is afraid to leave house alone. Carter has been jailed for three-and-a-half years at Bradford Crown Court.
Arthur Townsend poured product over a Mercedes Sprinter van. It belonged to Martin Carter - son of his friend Olive Carter, 96. Townsend carried out attack after becoming angry with Mr Carter. He believed Mr Carter was making his mother stay at home to sign for packages.
Princess Beatrice arrived in Florence yesterday for Condé Nast conference. Met Ralph Lauren's son David at lavish party at Palazzo Corsini last night. Also sat in audience to watch Karl Lagerfeld and Vogue's Suzy Menkes.
Robert Butler, 43, was transported inside a shipping container from Bannister House in Providence, Rhode Island to the Eleanor Slater Hospital in Cranston. The operation took almost seven hours on Sunday and involved the Providence and Cranston fire departments, Lifespan, the Hospital Association of Rhode Island and Bay Crane Northeast.
Japanese woman dumped his iMac, iPhone, iPad and accessories in bath tub. She then took photos of the gadget Jacuzzi, and sent them to him. Unnamed man, also from Japan, Tweeted the pics to his account.
On Monday the nine-week-old puppy was given to three-year-old Sapphyre Johnson who is missing both of her feet. 'He's just like me!,' the toddler exclaimed with joy the first time she ever saw a photo of Lt. Dan. The dog's original owner Karen Riddle said that Lt. Dan, who was born with eight other puppies in a litter - and could have been euthanized.
Alondra Luna Nunez was torn away from her family by Mexican federal police working for Interpol last week. She was sent to live with Houston resident Dorotea Garcia, who thought she was Alondra, taken from Texas by her father in 2007. A DNA test proved that Alondra was not Garcia's daughter. A judge in Mexico ruled in Garcia's favor based on a car on the bridge of Alondra's nose.
The flub by a graphics person, made on the East Coast feed of the morning show, was corrected for broadcasts in other time zones and online. Today had interviewed 70-year-old Michaels for a story Matt Lauer did on a New York gathering for people listed by TIME magazine as the 100 most influential in the world. Michaels is a legend at NBC for SNL - making the mistake by his own network even more embarrassing.
Gayla Neufeld, 52, struggled to deal with her family's unusual weight legacy. Aged eight, Gayla already weighed 13st and continued to pile on weight in her teens. One doctor even prescribed her amphetamines to curb her sweet tooth, but it failed and made her even more depressed. Despite her body issues she eventually married at 19 and embarked on a mission to battle the bulge.
Long queues for security and cramped flights are among complaints. Hurghada International Airport in Egypt is one of the most popular check-ins. LaGuardia Airport in New York has been described as the most frustrating.
Geoff Barrow, Portishead's founder and instrumentalist, attacked streaming services. Said he received just £1,700 in royalties despite his songs being played 34m times. Artistes have long railed against low royalties paid from streaming services. Row led to Jay Z launching his own streaming service last month.
A third of adults shun the storage possibilities of the internet and still keep their most important papers in a shoebox. Ten per cent are even more relaxed about treasured photos, letters and mementos – leaving them lying around in piles of paperwork. Only six per cent keep a back-up copy of vital paperwork online, while just 13 per cent bother to scan it to a computer.
Shaun Bryan was the intended target of the shot which paralysed five-year-old. Thusha Kamaleswaran was playing in the aisle of her uncle's shop in 2011. Bryan has now been jailed for a separate crime in Croydon, south London. He and an accomplice subjected two women to a 'ruthless attack'
Archaeologists at Boston University used computer models to simulate the amount of energy Neanderthals would have been able to get from their food without cooking it. They found that without fire, a group of Neanderthals would have had less energy - the equivalent 12 reindeer a year - than if they did. Modern humans who regularly cooked their food could have channeled this extra energy into growing their population.
Jihadi John is recruiting'misfits' to carry out 'chaotic' terror attacks. They are made up of'very young people and those with mental health issues' Assistant Commissioner Mark Rowley said ISIS is trying to 'pick up' potential fighters among 'vulnerable, people with violent backgrounds, very young people and those with mental health issues' He issued the warning at the Counter-Terror Expo in west London.
Moses Yitzchok Greenfeld got into difficulty while swimming with friends. The 19-year-old's body was pulled from 8C pond in Hampstead Heath last night. Eyewitness said at least seven police officers stood on the bank of pond. Teenager's friends dived in and out of water to try and save their friend. It is thought he may have had a heart attack brought on by shock of jumping in.
Angie Donohue broke down as she explained how her husband of four years had tried to hire someone to kill her. Daryl Scott Donohue tried to hire someone to kill her, not once, but twice. Over the course of their marriage, Ms Donohue was forced into hiding after Donohue stalked and terrorised her. He broke into the house, tampered with her Facebook account, accessed her emails and even attempted to hide on her kid's school grounds.
Modern technology is supposed to make our lives easier, but often all it does is create more pitfalls. 21st century additions like a Facebook page, an Instagram profile and a smart phone often end up doing more damage than good. Blu e-cigarettes have listed the top ten ways to avoid showing yourself up on a date.
Lucy Southern worked as a waitress at a hotel owned by Britannia Hotels. She was quizzed about her sex life and asked if she wore stockings in bed. She complained in August 2013 but nothing was done by her boss. In October 2013 Alex Nkoroi began touching her, slapping her bottom and kissing her on the neck, employment tribunal heard. She also claimed he stood behind her to 'grind' up and down her back, simulating sex and stroked her back and prodded her in a private area with a pen. Britannia Hotels was found guilty of sex discrimination by way of harassment but cleared of indirect sex
Churchill Downs is inviting John Sutton Jr, 84, to attend the Kentucky Derby as their special guest on May 2. Sutton was just 8 years old in 1940 when his blacksmith father brought him to his first Kentucky Derby. The two bet against the favorite on a horse called Gallahadion, which ended up winning the race.
Scientists at Vanderbilt University in Tennessee say surgical-site infections continue to pose a problem despite hand washing and other protocols. Study revealed soft toys brought into the operating theatre by children served as a breeding ground for bacteria. Researchers urged parents to wash and sterilise their child's toys before bringing them into the operating theatre.
Hamayun Tariq, 37, was born and raised in Dudley in the West Midlands. Divorced father-of-two joined ISIS in Syria last year as an explosives expert. He has now shared images of his high-tech bomb-making factory in Syria. Components are organised on shelves and bomb-making equipment neatly laid out. Tariq uses high-tech microscopes, laptops and radiation testers to build IEDs.
Maickel Melamed, 39, has a rare form of muscular dystrophy that makes it hard for him to just walk or move. He walked the race with Vamos, a volunteer team from Caracas, as well as his physical trainers and dozens of friends and supporters who were there to watch him finish the race at 5am Tuesday. The athlete, who has completed four other marathons, said Boston's hilly track became especially tough around mile 24.
The Prime Minister will say the expense of nurseries and childminders has become a major barrier to employment. The Conservatives have pledged to reduce tax relief on pension contributions for people earning more than £150,000 to fund additional free childcare places. The new 30 hours entitlement will cost just under £350 million a year.
The mobile network will launch in May and offer free roaming in 22 countries. This will put it ahead of Three with 18 countries and Lyca on 17. Carphone Warehouse's boss Graham Stapleton said the iD website will launch tomorrow, where people can register their interest. The full range of plans will be announced as they become available. But an example plan offers the Samsung A3 on a 12-month 4G plan with 300 mins, 5000 texts and 1 GB data for £19.50.
A customer found a sink plug in her unappetising salad at Hog's Breath Cafe in Aspley, north of Brisbane. The unhappy diner posted a picture of her unappetising salad to franchise's Facebook account where it was 'liked' over 2,000 times. Hog's Breath Cafe Australian general manager Ross Worth said he had taken immediate action to make sure an instance like this will never happen again.
In U.S. schools last year, almost 800 school employees were prosecuted for sexual assault, nearly a third of them women. The proportion of women facing charges seems to be higher than in years past, when female teachers often got a pass. There is also a greater awareness among prosecutors, judges and the general public that students who are victimized by an authority figure, regardless of gender, experience trauma with life-long consequences.
Norway said it will switch off its FM transmitters on January 11 2017. Digital radios account for 37.9% of all listening hours in the UK. In the US, around 85% of American adults still listen to AM/FM stations.
The California firm said it will announce a 'home battery' and a'very large utility scale battery' in a letter sent to investors. Event will be held at Tesla's Hawthorne, California, Design Studio on April 30. Last month, founder Elon Musk said a new line of products that is 'not a car' would be revealed at the event. It is unclear what a home battery would be used for, but it could act as a generator during a power cut, for example.
Nicholas Connors gave a rousing performance ahead of the Houston Rockets and Dallas Mavericks NBA playoffs game. One of his favorite NFL players watched from the sidelines, Houston Texans defensive lineman J.J. Watt. When Nicholas finished, the 26-year-old player ran across the court to congratulate him.
House & Son Auctioneers in Bournemouth, Dorset, will rival likes of Harrods and Selfridges when it sells 173 lots on April 28. They are being sold without a reserve, which means they will go to the highest bidder on the day - so those on a budget could scoop a bargain. There are 50 designer handbags, some of which have never been used or even removed from their protective bags, and at least 50 pairs of shoes.
The Wall Street Journal reported Wednesday afternoon that the former Hewlett-Packard CEO will launch a formal campaign on May 4. Fiorina's spokeswoman told Daily Mail Online that it's just a rumor at this point. The onetime tech executive wants to be the conservative balance to Democrat Hillary Clinton when Americans consider electing their first female president. She has already made waves in presidential politics, responding forcefully after Clinton launched her campaign this month. In a Facebook video, she said the former secretary of state 'does not have a track record of accomplishment or transparency'
Use lemon juice to add a sun-kissed glow to your hair. Add solar cells to your beach-reader to charge it all day long. Pop your water-clogged ears by inflating a balloon after getting out of the pool. Store valuables in an empty sun cream bottle.
More than a third of NHS trusts are considering rationing some types of surgery and other treatments to save money. Several have admitted they may 'eligibility' rules which could affect smokers as well as the overweight. The criteria for accepting patients for operations would be based on their Body Mass Index, which measures obesity.
President Barack Obama will once again stop short of calling the 1915 massacre of Armenians a genocide. As a candidate in 2008, Obama promised to use the term to describe the mass murder if elected. But he has not followed through despite calls from the most famous Armenian-American, Kim Kardashian, and the Pope for the world to recognize the killings as a genocide. Kardashian, whose Armenian heritage comes from her father, the late Robert Kardashian, has used her celebrity since at least 2011 to bring awareness to the genocide.
Former Brookside actress gave birth to son Jaxton in September. Claire, 44, has enlisted the help of Susan Hepburn to help her shed two stone. She admits she craved sugar throughout her pregnancy and couldn't kick it.
Photographs taken today in Micheldever Woods, Hampshire, show the flowers in full bloom weeks earlier than expected. But the fine weather by much of the country is set to be replaced by April showers this weekend, with forecasters warning Britons 'not to put the cagoules away just yet' Parts of northern Scotland could even see daytime temperatures drop to 10C by Monday and there is a chance of snow on higher ground. Tomorrow is set to be another fine day for many places, although it will be cloudy to start in some central and eastern areas. Temperatures are expected to hover in the high teens, and could climb
Zachary Cain Stickler, 34, crashed his Cessna into a field in Millville, California, on Saturday morning. On Friday he appeared in court on domestic violence charges. He had been accused of assaulting his then-partner in February. Stickler sent text messages to friends and family saying he was distraught and planned to kill himself.
London-based keyboard app firm SwiftKey analysed more than one billion sets of emoji data to learn how 16 different languages use emoji. Happy faces, including winks, kisses, smiles and grins were the most popular across all regions, making up 45% of all the messages studied. Sad faces were in second place followed by hearts, which includes all colours of hearts and the broken heart emoji. Malaysians are the least positive on 60% while US Spanish speakers are the most negative on 22%, and the French are least negative on 7%.
Erica Avery was cuffed and hauled out of a Broward County courtroom Tuesday after being accused of using the internet. Prosecutor Maria Schneider said photos of the 17-year-old were posted to social media and one of them shows her using a smart phone. Avery and four other teens are charged with armed sexual battery and kidnapping in connection with the 2013 assault on a victim in Hollywood, Florida.
Teng Jiazhi or 'Uncle Teng,' from Shenyang, North China, came up with the unique tipping system ten years ago. The 58-year-old then uploads them to his page on a popular Chinese social media website, making him one of the most recognised faces in the region.
Abi Gordon-Cody, 26, works as a special effects make-up artist. She creates gruesome injuries using special effects and prosthetics. Her Instagram account has attracted almost 3,000 followers.
Ukip leader was interviewed on the seafront in Deal, Kent, where he grew up. He described his childhood of 'youthful excess' but gave few details. As a hobby, he would go out and collect things, including 'pot lids and bottles and old clay pipes and all sorts of things'
Alice Barker used to dance with the likes of Frank Sinatra and Gene Kelly. She had never gotten the chance to watch herself dance on film for the first time. David Shuff, who met Barker years ago at her retirement home, helped reunite the one-time famous dancer with three of her'soundies'
Turkish security guard Cengiz Gven is supervisor of site security at Gallipoli. The 30-year-old has protected Russell Crowe, Naomi Campbell and Aerosmith rocker Steve Tyler. Mr Gven and his team from Turkish security firm VipSec will handle bag and entry checks for 8000 Australians at the Lone Pine service on Anzac Day. Nearly 4000 national and paramilitary police, and at least 1000 Turkish soldiers will be on duty.
Eloise Aimee Parry, 21, died this month after taking the'miracle' pills. They contain 2,4-Dinitrophenol, a toxic chemical used in pesticides. Drug can be bought cheaply and easily online by unscrupulous dealers. Some promise next-day delivery while others offer free samples.
Nearly 250 cases of malignant melanoma are registered each year by those working outside in industries such as construction. Separate study found there was a'macho culture' in some parts of the construction industry. Two thirds of workers who spent an average of nearly seven hours a day outdoors thought they were not at risk from the sun and sunburn.
Rajpal Singh, 34, had hundreds of coins and other objects removed from his stomach after complaining of an ache. Over a three year period, Mr Singh had swallowed 140 coins, 150 nails and nuts and bolts, batteries and magnets. Doctors carried out 240 endoscopy procedures to remove the objects, as well as a nine-hour operation. But Mr Singh will still need another operation to remove the rest of the metal.
Lib Dem leader tells MailOnline Ukip leader's mask is slipping. Farage is 'uncomfortable talking about people from different ethnic backgrounds' He is 'just lashing around, thrashing around, lurching from one odious gaffe to the next' Lib Dem leader says he is a'sort of sous chef' who dishes up peanut butter.
Anna James has vowed to defy school's ban on taking her children to Maypole. The 32-year-old said the rituals are part of her'religion, culture and heritage' The school blocked her request under a government crackdown in 2013. Mrs James said she would be willing to take the consequences of any police action.
Heartwarming photos have emerged of a man rescuing five horses from the severe flooding in his rural town. Steve Spowart helped the horses' owner, Sonia Sharrock, to lead them to safety near Dungog, in the NSW Hunter region. Mr Spowart, in a black wetsuit, paddled out on his surfboard to where the horses were stranded, past submerged trees and bushes. The moving images show the concentration on his face as he moves towards the animals and his concern.
Holly Nicole Solomon, now 31, admitted to running over her husband Daniel in a Mesa, Arizona parking lot. Had learned that her husband didn't vote in the 2012 presidential election. She will serve three and a half years in prison following a plea deal.
Rosemary Bruce fell pregnant after several 'tries' using Robert Boardwine's sperm. Pair fell out when she rejected his suggestion for a name for their son. Court rules Boardwine still has parental rights because he is the child's biological father.
'Climate change can no longer be denied. It can’t be edited out,' he said this afternoon in a speech at Everglades National Park commemorating Earth Day. The day trip to South Florida, on which Obama was accompanied by Bill Nye 'the Science Guy,' also highlighted the massive amount of fuel it takes to power Air Force One, however, 9,000 gallons, round trip.
Perth couple Sharon and Nick Chalwell turned to crowdsourcing to find an egg donor. They were put in touch with Shannon Mann, who already has a two-year-old son. The couple have been trying to conceive since they married seven years ago. Ms Mann conceived her son while on contraception but said she wouldn't change it for the world.
The giant internal organ reportedly weighed a colossal 6lbs (2.7kg) It was extracted from a 45-year-old Indian man suffering from ADPKD. This condition causes fluid-filled cysts to grow in the kidneys. It took a team of surgeons three hours to remove the giant organ. A second kidney weighing 5.5lbs (2.5kg) was then removed a week later.
Tomislav Nikolic was travelling on a government jet to Italy last week. Plane began tumbling through the air and was forced to turn back. Investigation found co-pilot had spilled coffee on the instrument board. He accidentally turned off the autopilot as he wiped it down. Plane landed safely back in Belgrade but Nikolic was forced to cancel his official visit to meet Pope Francis in the Vatican.
App designed to help you edit your portrait photographs into 'perfection' Can remove spots, improve skin texture and enhance eyes. You can also fix grey hair, reshape your face and even fill in bald patches. FEMAIL's Bianca London, Anucyia Victor and Martha Cliff tested it out.
ASIC took action against Aldi last year after an investigation revealed it did not disclose a 0.5 percent surcharge on transactions made using tap and go. Aldi told the regulator it would put up signs at the entrance of stores and at registers to notify shoppers of the surcharge. But Fairfax Media reports that Aldi has not consistently disclosed the surcharge to customers. Some stores still do not have signs at entrances and signs at the registers warning of the surcharge are in tiny print.
The Trussell Trust said that 1 million people were fed last year. The charity said that people were given three days' worth of food. Labour and the TUC described the figures as'shocking' Iain Duncan Smith dismissed the suggestion that the figures were 'unverified'
Austin Hatfield, 18, found the cottonmouth near his Wimauma, Florida home last week. He'd been keeping the serpent in a pillowcase when it escaped over the weekend. Hatfield was rushed to a Tampa hospital in critical condition.
Omar Hallak, principal of Al-Taqwa College in Melbourne, reportedly bans his female students from running. Former teachers claim in a letter to the state and federal education ministers that Mr Hallak is discriminating against female students. Mr Hallak reportedly believes there is'scientific evidence' to back his claims. Last month it was reported that Mr Hallak was teaching students at his school that Islamic State was not the doing of Muslims, but rather a plot against them.
The league has been dogged for years by complaints that it long hid the risks of repeated concussions in order to return players to the field. The settlement approved on Wednesday by a federal judge in Philadelphia would pay them about $190,000 on average. The league expects 6,000 of nearly 20,000 retired players to suffer from Alzheimer's disease or moderate dementia someday.
Lucas Hinch, who runs an organic herb and tea shop, was cited for discharging a firearm within city limits. 'He took the computer into the back alley and fired eight shots into the computer, effectively disabling. it,' said the Colorado Springs Police Department.
The costumes are expected to fetch $800,000 when they are auctioned off at Nate D. Sanders on April 30. They include a jumper and matching shorts set worn by Debbie Turner as Marta, two lederhosen-style outfits with straps worn by either Duane Chase as Kurt or Nicholas Hammond as Friedrich, and a dress with princess sleeves worn by Charmian Carr as Liesl.
Human traffickers run huge benefit frauds in the UK, report warns. vile trade also includes sale of young girls for prostitution and sham marriages. In some cases, 'customers' from outside EU are requesting women with EU passports so they can make them pregnant. Migrants – desperate for a foothold in Britain – then claim they have a human right to a family life in the UK to raise the child.
It is the age old debate but with a modern twist: which Premier League club is the most popular according to Twitter followers. The map was created by looking at the official Twitter accounts for each team, using their followers as an indicator of allegiance. Fans can toggle the map to view their club's support worldwide, see the most popular clubs globally and compare their club with a rival.
A five-year-old Iranian girl has spent more than a year in Australia's offshore Nauru detention centre. She has been prescribed anti-depressants, has self-harmed by swallowing shampoo and nails and has been diagnosed with post-traumatic stress disorder, her lawyer says. The girl's father has applied for a protection visa for his family after fearing for his life and fleeing form the military police in Iran. The visa can take up to three years to process according to the Department of Immigration.
Sid Ahmed Ghlam, 24, arrested by anti-terrorist officers in Paris on Sunday. He was allegedly plotting imminent attacks on churches in the city. Police found Arabic documents mentioning ISIS and Al Qaeda at his home. They also reportedly found evidence on his computer that he was in contact with a man in Syria 'who clearly asked him to target a church' Sunday's arrest came just hours after murder of Aurelie Chatelain, 33. Mother and fitness instructor was shot dead in her car in Paris suburb. Investigators reportedly claim DNA evidence links Ghlam to her murder.
Noaa Fisheries in Maryland says the humpback whale is no longer endangered. They want to break up global population into 14 sub-populations. Ten of these will be 'not at risk', two 'threatened' and two still 'endangered' It follows a conservation'success story' that raised numbers to 90,000. Experts have warned that the reclassification is premature, and risks seeing numbers dropping to endangered levels again.
Scientists in Belgium say all sweet potatoes contain 'foreign DNA' Agrobacterium bacteria in the crop exchanges genes between species. This makes sweet potatoes a 'natural genetically modified organism' And humans have been eating it for thousands of years.
EU antitrust chief Margrethe Vestager said. Gazprom was barring EU clients from selling on its gas to other. states - a particular concern in recent efforts to aid Ukraine. Russian Foreign Minister Sergei Lavrov said that the charges were 'absolutely unacceptable'
Samantha Rawcliffe lost all control of her body in a car crash last May. In the days after the accident she lost control of her bladder and was shaking uncontrollably. She blamed her uncontrollable shaking in the aftermath of the accident on her shock. Doctors eventually diagnosed the mother-of-two with a rare neurological disorder. She is now confined to her house, unable to walk and relies on a mobility scooter. Each day she has to take a cocktail of 32 different drugs.
A woman's body has been found in the boot of a car on the NSW south coast. The 27-year-old man was driving the car when police stopped it. He ran into bushland and officers chased him before arresting him. Police are investigating whether the body is that of missing Canberra woman Daniella D’Addario, 35.
Ricky Woolaston, 35, dressed in uniform bearing University of Birmingham logo. He would break into student homes to steal laptops and mobile phones. But he was caught when he left behind a bag with his name and address on it. He was sentenced to four years in prison after pleading guilty to five burglaries.
Gregg Manderson, 68, of St Paul, Minnesota, has sought medical help after he got Twinkle Twinkle Little Star trapped inside his mind last May. He has also hallucinated the theme song to the western 1950s television show Cheyenne had the same mysterious bugle call stuck in his head for years. Minneapolis VA Medical Center neurologist Dr Khalaf Alla Bushara and cognitive science researcher Roger Dumas have looked for a cure.
Matthew Riches allegedly spiked a woman's drink so he could have sex with her. Allegedly dropped the drug into the clubber's drink at The Roof Gardens. The 29-year-old, from Epsom in Surrey, appeared at Isleworth Crown Court.
Charlotte Blakeway was discovered dead in the bath at her home in Shropshire. The 17-year-old had suffered an epileptic fit and was found in the bath. Her devastated mother described her daughter as 'bright, beautiful and bubbly' A-level student had been studying film, performance, English and sociology. Police confirmed her death is not being treated as suspicious.
Hayley Carney will move to live with her fiancee, identified only as Anne, in Plymouth, Devon, later this year. She will then have six months to apply for a marriage visa. Ms Carney, formerly known as Robert, said she has been dreaming of a life in Britain since reading books about it as a child.
Don the sheepdog was tending to a lamb when he took control of the tractor. The vehicle shot out of the field and crashed down a bank by the side of the road. It then collided with the central reservation of the M74 near Abington. Police cleared the motorway within half an hour and Don was reunited with his relieved owner at nearby Kirkton Farm.
Robbie Knievel, 52,'rear-ended another car in Butte, Montana on Tuesday evening, causing a chain-reaction crash involving two other vehicles' He drove off but his car was found nearby and he was seen walking about a block away, according to police. Officers noticed that he had a bloody lip and smelled of alcohol, but he refused to perform a breath test and so they got a search warrant to take a blood sample. He has previously admitted to being an alcoholic and pleaded guilty to DUI in South Dakota in August 2013.
59 of the 446 people on board the Italian rescue vessel were children. Parents had gambled everything to seek a new life in Europe. Comes after 900 men, women and children feared dead in shipwreck.
William Smith was just 15 when he fell in love with his best friend's mother. Marilyn Buttigieg, then 44, was his best friend's mother. The couple, from Crawley, West Sussex, shared their first date and kiss. They came under fire from family and friends for the substantial age gap. But they feel they have proved their critics wrong because they are still together.
Dr Christopher Valentine was sacked from a sexual health clinic nine years ago. He was hauled before the General Medical Council for photographing half-naked male and female patients without consent. His behaviour was branded 'inappropriate' but he was not struck off. The married doctor has been caught again after a nurse saw images of a semi-naked man on his iPod Touch during a night out.
University of Illinois scientists have created the first 3D simulation of merging black holes in a disk. It shows what happens when two supermassive black holes collide. The video swoops around the disc of superheated material known as a quasar. This is a region of superheated dust and gas that surrounds the black holes. It comes after two black holes were found to be seven years from merging.
The Real Housewife was interviewed by Dr Phil at the Beverly Wilshire Hotel in Beverly Hills following her arrest last week. Eyewitnesses revealed she bolted from the room where Dr Phil had offered to help place her in a top treatment program. But Richards apparently snubbed Dr Phil's offer of help as eyewitnesses in the hallway heard her scream 'F***', and other obscenities. Richards, 50, was arrested last week and charged with public intoxication, trespassing, resisting an officer and battery on a police officer.
The UCO Stormproof Matches are made using an incredibly tough coating that smoulders no matter what happens to them. The matches have to go through rigorous testing to make sure they keep alight in even the most difficult situations.
'Did you make mistakes?' Clinton was asked when asked about the 2012 terror attack that killed four Americans. 'You know, I don't make the travel arrangements. I don't,' she said. The usually garrulous and broad-smiling Clinton stared straight ahead, continued walking alongside her Secret Service and local police escorts, and said nothing. A congressional committee is investigating Clinton's role in the aftermath of the September 11, 2012 attack. A New Hampshire college student told Daily Mail Online that Clinton's 'blood on her hands' shows how she acts under pressure.
Israel marked its annual day of remembrance for fallen troops and slain civilians on Wednesday. Yom Hazikaron is held the day before Israel's independence day, linking the sacrifice of soldiers with the protection of the state. Theatres and cinemas are closed during the sombre day, and many Israelis attend memorial services for relatives and friends who have died in conflict.
Noise-induced hearing loss is one of the most common work-related illnesses. Scientists have identified a gene, Nox3, that is crucial in determining how vulnerable a person is to developing hearing loss. Those at higher genetic risk can decide whether to take precautionary measures to protect their hearing prior to hazardous noise exposure.
Scientists have found that male and female stegosaurus had different shaped armoured plates. This raises the prospect that the dinosaurs used them to attract a mate. Stegosaurus lived around 150 million years ago but scientists have been baffled by differences between the shape of the plates on some fossils. This led some to believe they were different species. New research on the plates may help scientists determine whether 'Sophie', the stegosaurus at the Natural History Museum in London really is a female or if it was in fact a male dinosaur.
Ukip leader said'millions' of refugees could arrive in Europe in next few years. He urged David Cameron to resist pressure at EU summit to take in more. He insisted the UK could not take more than 'a few thousand' genuine refugees. Comments came as experts warned up to 30,000 could be killed this year.
BBC2 boss Kim Shillinglaw said Clarkson 'will be back' on the BBC. She said there was 'no ban on Jeremy being on the BBC' after Top Gear sacking. But she refused to say who would be the new presenter for the motoring show. Clarkson was suspended by the BBC last month after hitting a producer in a row.
Laura Eugenia Smith, 35, faces multiple charges, including DUI, child endangerment and public intoxication. A witness noticed the girl driving Smith's car with Smith sitting in the passenger seat. Smith backed her car into a parking lot and started to spray the witness with pepper spray.
In all 1,177 Barrio 18 members were transferred to San Francisco Gotera. They will mix with their rivals from the hyper-violent Mara Salvatrucha gang. So far this year, gang members have been blamed for killing 20 police officers, two soldiers, six prison guards and a prosecutor.
Raquel D'Apice, a mother-of-one from New Jersey, created Yelp Reviews of Newborns, a collection of spoof critiques that highlight the real struggles plaguing new parents today.
Whole Pantry founder Belle Gibson has admitted she never had cancer. In an interview with Australian Women's Weekly, she said: 'No. None of it was true' Ms Gibson's business empire in tatters and her relationship with her fans has broken.
1,900-year-old medical papyrus found in Oxyrhynchus, Egypt. It contains a'recipe' for treating a 'drunken headache' Written in Greek, the text recommends stringing leaves of Alexandrian chamaedaphne, or sometimes Alexandrian laurel, around the neck. It is not known if the treatment had any effect on hangovers. The treatment was one of 24 new medical texts that have been translated.
Graeme Finlay is accused of attacking Ronald and June Phillips on cruise ship. The 53-year-old says he acted in self-defence after being attacked by Mr Phillips, 70, wielding his crutch. He claims he only swung his arms to defend himself when Mr Phillips went for him with his crutch.
Cetaphil Gentle Cleanser is fragrance and soap free and costs £6.74. Dermatologists developed it for people with highly sensitive skin. formula suits all ages, from babies to mums and the elderly.
Monica McDermott, 41, could not walk straight when police stopped her car. Mother-of-one refused to give a breath sample and had to be restrained. She was three times over the legal limit when breathalysed by officers. McDermott pleaded guilty to drink driving and banned from driving for four years.
RSPCA officers discovered five illegal pitbull terrier-type dogs at make-shift farm in Lancashire. They had been brutally trained to take part in illegal dog fights. Animals were held in electrical shock collars, covered with scars and kept in urine-soaked cages without water. All five illegal dogs - Dingo, Sheeba, Zula, Fenton and Mousey - were ordered to be destroyed. Three men involved in illegal dog fights have been fined a total of £40,000.
UK passengers faced more holiday chaos than during the same period last year. In the first four months of the year, there have so far been 5,080 flight cancellations. Low-cost carrier Monarch has seen the greatest increase in delays.
Erik de Vries, 24, and Josephine Egberts, 22, were separated in 1999. Their father took Erik and his twin brother Maarten to Belgium. Josephine's mother stayed with Josephine in their native Netherlands. Erik moved back to the Netherlands and joined Tinder.
Sir James Munby says parents should use 'carrot and stick' approach to getting children to do things they don't want to do. Suggests confiscating mobiles and gadgets as a suitable way for parents to get their way. Price of failure could be lifelong pain for parents, he said.
The NFL announced today that Greg Hardy would be suspended without pay for 10 games at the start of the 2015 season. Hardy was convicted by a judge last July of beating, strangling and threatening to kill ex-girlfriend Nicki Holder. Those charges were later dropped on an appeal when Holder could not be located to testify. Hardy signed with the Dallas Cowboys last month, but will not receive his salary for these games.
Christopher Starrs, 50, admitted defrauding his employer BT of £28,000. Wheelchair-bound manager given 16-month jail sentence suspended for two years. Judge Nicholas Cooke QC blasts junior colleague for 'taking his eye off the ball'
'N', who was just 11 when Glitter stole her childhood, spoke exclusively to MailOnline. She said: 'I cry out in my sleep almost every night. I dream that it (the abuse by Glitter) is happening again. I have nightmares about it all of the time and I need to take pills to sleep' She was one of two young girls predator Glitter was convicted of abusing when he lived in the seaside resort of Vung Tau in Vietnam in 2006.
Alaskan Husky, Sarabi, was returned to a friend of musher Laura Allaway, on Monday night. The three-year-old dog was spotted on April 15 near Glenn Highway and then again last Friday near Reverend Tim Carrick's church. Carrick set up a cage trap in the woods between his home and the church and used four bowls of dog kibbles, a pot of chicken stock, liverwurst and a motion activated camera to help capture Sarabi.
Prime Minister said Labour left millions trapped on welfare in a system 'punished the poor' He accused Miliband and Balls of having'some brass neck' by attacking Tories. Mr Cameron said Tories were overhauling benefit system, increasing minimum wage and providing more free child care.
Natali Castellanos-Tyler, 30, a married mother of three from Chesterfield County, Virginia, was killed in a one-car collision February 21. Castellanos-Tyler's 3-year-old daughter, Elisa, escaped the crash largely unscathed but has been having nightmares about the day her mother died. Tyler's father, Craig, says his daughter has told him that the white van in her dreams 'hurt' her and her car. Castellanos-Tyler was planning to get married in July and had picked out an ivory lace dress for her big day instead.
Shanice Farier stole £15,000 from her employer, Kanoo Travel in Derby. The 22-year-old helped herself to money and blew it on an 'opulent' lifestyle. She was ordered to do 240 hours of unpaid work at Derby Crown Court. Judge John Burgess said: 'I hope she ends up doing work that gets her hands dirty'
Martin Springall, 38, photographed his daughter in Zushi, Japan, in July. He did not recall a person standing behind her in any of the shots. A friend posted the picture to Reddit, where it became a topic of'mostly negative' discussion. Sceptics have suggested it could be a trick of the light or a ghost. Mr Springall said he has 'no idea' what the boots could be.
Apple's long-awaited Apple Watch is set to go on sale on April 24. The gadget will retail from $499 for the cheapest version right up to $24,000 for an 18-carat model. The gadget went on sale on-line in nine countries and the initial stock sold out in just a few hours. A survey of five tech experts found a less than enthusiastic response to the current offerings available on the watch. They all expect the second version to be a vast improvement, pointing to a long lasting battery life as the number one feature missing from the current Apple Watch.
The Trussell Trust declared that'more than one million people received three days' food. It has now acknowledged that the claim was based on the number of food parcels given out, and not the number of individuals asking for help.
Ian Walters, 51, is accused of murdering his wife Tracy, 48, in March last year. His Mitsubishi L200 veered off the M1 motorway and into a tree in Markfield. Mrs Walters was flown to hospital but died two days after the crash. Walters, a driving test examiner, denies murder at Leicester Crown Court.
Brett Robinson, 33, is on trial for having sex with a male inmate at Washington County Jail six times in four months while working as a services technician. She is hoping to use an insanity defense, claiming she was 'vulnerable, passive and gullible' and suffers from mental illness. Robinson struck up a relationship with the inmate, who has not been named, in a nearby cell. The two would talk using an intercom when Robinson's manager left the room. In March, the inmate asked for a kiss on his birthday and Robinson thought it strange that he brought a blanket with him from the cell. They
Barry Selby, 54, was eating a bag of cheese and onion crisps when he made the discovery. Floor-fitter has decided to keep the two inches tall by two-and-a-half inches wide snack. In the 1990s he came across a 3D heart-shaped crisp, which he kept until it broke.
Baboucarr Ceesay, from The Gambia, is believed to have died on fishing boat. His aunt Jessica Sey, from Cheltenham, has spoken of her devastation. She demanded human traffickers be brought to justice.
The 34-year-old actor lost 30lbs for 2014 thriller Nightcrawler. He then put that weight back on plus 15lbs of muscle for Southpaw. His trainer, former boxer Terry Claybon, said it took six months of training before filming even started. He worked out for an incredible six hours per day, including 2,000 sit ups, 1,000 each morning and the same at night.
The James Webb Space Telescope will be 100 times more potent than Hubble. It will be able to see back to 200 million years after the Big Bang. The project has drawn scrutiny from lawmakers for its ballooning costs. But Nasa has promised to keep the next-generation telescope on capabilities for its October 2018 launch.
Queen Letizia, 42, was joined by King Felipe at the Casa Real in Madrid. Met award-winning writer Juan Goytisolo for lunch in his honour. Last night, Letizia was presented with an award by Pedro Manas. After accepting his prize, the author planted a big kiss on her cheek.
Fashion Targets Breast Cancer teamed up with Bridge Models. Agency specialises in recruiting women of all shapes and sizes. Stars Abbey Clancy, Alice Dellal, Foxes and Victoria's Secret Angel Lily Donaldson.
1962 Aston Martin DB4 Series III will be worth three times its £220,000 price. But restoration project will cost up to £350,000 - and could cost £570,000. British vehicle supplied new in July 1961 to a Robert Drummond in London.
David Norris, 51, pounced on his wife as she was about to lay flowers. He knocked her over and grabbed her round the throat before stabbing her. She begged him to think of their children but he only stopped stabbing her. A member of the public intervened and Norris handed himself in to police. He was found guilty of attempted murder at Maidstone Crown Court.
Peter Ustinov bought the Aston Martin DB4 Cabriolet in 1962 shortly after winning a Best Supporting Actor Oscar for his role in Spartacus. It was one of the most luxurious cars of its day, costing £4,000 and was delivered to him at a Swiss hotel. The car is expected to fetch £1million at auction - more than double the £431,200 it sold for four years ago.
Competitors on Bear Grylls' show The Island had not eaten for two weeks. They tracked down and killed what they thought was a common caiman. But suspicions were raised when the animal appeared larger than usual. It has now turned out to be an endangered American crocodile.
Micheal John Duffy pleaded not guilty to murdering Colleen Deborah Ayers in May 2012. The 33-year-old's body was uncovered in a shallow grave on her parent's 25-acre Lakesland property, south west of Sydney. Duffy claimed his co-accused, Rachel Evans, had a 'twisted desire to kill' and he had only helped bury the victim's body.
North Yorkshire police confirmed the men were arrested this morning. The body of the missing chef, who was 35 when she disappeared in 2009, has still not been found. Officers have now launched a fresh search for evidence which could lead to her whereabouts, which is set to continue over a number of days. A man, in his 50s and from the York area, was arrested last month on suspicion of her murder.
More than 60 per cent of Britons who buy their lunches out spend an average of £1,840 a year, based on 46 working weeks. Those who prepare food at home spend just £552 over the same period - a saving of a whopping £1,288. Food website Food52's 'Not Sad Desk Lunch' series demonstrates just how simple it can be to bring healthy, cost-effective, and delicious lunches to work.
Harrison Poe was announced as best supporting actor at the annual Tommy Tune Awards on Tuesday in Houston, Texas. TV cameras caught him confidently getting up to accept the accolade before slipping and falling headfirst into the darkness.
Jerry Moon's family only discovered the blunder when they opened the casket to say their final goodbyes and found the other body wrapped in a plastic bag. While the body of the loving father - who was terrified of cremation - was accidentally incinerated at Dahl McVicker Funeral Home in Kelso, Washington State. The family is now seeking unspecified damages for emotional distress.
The underwear is adorned with beads and would have been sewn together by a woman using strips of seal pelt. It is currently on display at the National Museum of Denmark in Copenhagen as part of its animal-skin clothing collection. It was obtained during an expedition to the Ammassalik settlement in Greenland in 1892 by Captain C. Ryder. When leaving the settlement, the female wearer would have worn it under trousers. Seal fur provides less insulation than caribou fur and prevents the wearer from sweating and causing the material to become damp.
Care Quality Commission branded Hinchingbrooke in Cambridgeshire as 'inadequate' Today the watchdog will upgrade the 'inadequate' finding to'requires improvement' Experts say it is further evidence that the inspection was flawed.
Trooper Abraham Martinez took a high-speed chase in 2012 after motorcyclist Steven Gaydos ran a stop sign near Houston. Gaydos knew he was being pursued but fled because he was driving on a suspended license. After the chase, Martinez shot through the window of Gaydos' car and then leaped into the air and kicked him to the ground. The unconventional maneuver led to a three-day suspension for Martinez last year but the footage only emerged this week as the Austin American Statesman investigated outdated tactics.
Almost half of dog owners did not know that ticks can transmit deadly diseases to both humans and other dogs. Over half, also confessed they did not know that Lyme disease, a potentially fatal illness caught from tick bites, affects their pets as well as themselves. In extreme cases, the nervous system, joints and heart can be affected.
The Glasford school in Illinois hosted one of several simulations put on by the American Red Cross to educate students on the dangers of drunk driving. The staged event on Thursday used student actors playing accident victims and used real local police, fire and rescue personnel responding to the scene. In attendance at the event and clearly troubled was an Illini Bluffs High School senior named Moriah Nau who wiped her tears away as she was embraced by her friend.
Rolly Robinson, from the blog Beauty High, stars in the makeover clip, which sees him transform himself into a Kylie Jenner lookalike with the help of various make-up products.
Charlesetta Taylor, 79, may have her home of 70 years torn down by the city of St. Louis. This so the city can make way for a campus for the National Geospatial-Intelligence Agency. Taylor was part of the first African-American family to live in her neighborhood. The city may also tear down 49 other homes in addition to Taylor's to make sure the NGA does not leave the city.
Rep Steve Knight, 48, was accosted by activists outside his Simi Valley, California, office during an open house last Friday. Man named 'Mike' accused Knight of lying about his voting record and patted him on the back after a prolonged handshake. Knight was one of 75 House Republicans who voted to pass a bill funding the Department of Homeland Security after it had been stripped off provisions blocking Obama's immigration reform.
David Jenkins' single-engine Edge 360 plane crashed at Old Buckenham Airfield. He was a member of the Wildcat Aerobatic Team based at the airfield. A friend who has been named locally as Mr Jenkins said: 'He was the best bloke I knew'
Former first minister mocked Labour after it slapped down Scottish leader. He said: 'I knew that [he wouldn't be writing it] already – because I'm writing the Labour Party budget' He also joked that he would 'check his top pocket' – a reference to a Conservative election poster showing a miniature Mr Miliband in his breast pocket. It prompted David Cameron and Boris Johnson to warn of a looming 'constitutional crisis'
Jesinta Campbell has joined the chorus of angry followers who say they feel insulted by Belle Gibson's deception. In 2013, the wellness blogger became a prominent Australian social media personality after she announced she had cured a malignant brain tumour. Her Instagram fan base ballooned after she'revealed' she had prolonged her life by embracing an alternative lifestyle. But it all fell apart last month after revelations Ms Gibson had failed to fulfill promised donations to various charities. Gibson's confession was the first time she has spoken publicly since - under fire from furious former fans.
Oskar Groening, 93, is being tried on 300,000 counts of accessory to murder. Between May and July 1944, around 425,000 Jews from Hungary were brought to the Auschwitz-Birkenau complex in Nazi-occupied Poland and most immediately gassed to death. Auschwitz survivors describe their arrival as chaotic, with Nazi guards yelling orders, dogs barking and families being ripped apart.
In addition to telling Michelle Obama that public school children can't live on one packet of ketchup alone, Peter criticizes the First Lady for America's lack of troops in the Middle East and in the Ukraine. 'I also think you should stop doing nothing and go send some troops to the Middle East. I also think your husband needs to work on his speeches,' Peter writes. 'Is the White House comfortable?' concludes the letter from 'a concerned citizen'
Carole Middleton emailed customers of her Party Pieces firm yesterday. recommending Chevron Divine tablewear range. cheapest item in the range is a £2.79 set of party cups. Also includes straws for £3.49 and cake bunting at £7.69.
The Academy Award-winning actor appeared on Finding Your Roots. He learned one of his ancestors was a slave owner, James McGuire. McGuire is said to have kept eight slaves on his farm in Trenton, New Jersey in the 1840s. Affleck requested that information be withheld from the show. Today he took to Facebook to issue an apology for his decision.
Christopher Swain wore a protective yellow suit as he went over a railing and into the water around 2pm Wednesday in Brooklyn. He quit two-thirds of a mile into the swim to urge the EPA to speed up the cleanup of the Gowanus Canal. The agency issued guidelines in 2011 saying that people should 'never swim in the canal', which runs over 112 miles through a narrow industrial zone near wealthy neighborhoods. An estimated 377million cubic gallons of raw sewage is poured into the canal every year.
Carol Chandler, 53, allegedly molested a boy, under the age of 14, during the 1980s. She is facing three counts of indecent assault and two counts of gross indecency between 1983 and 1985. Former pupils of the £32,000-a-year school, established in 1509, include Chancellor George Osborne, Winston Marshall and TV presenter Dan Snow.
Flight 5622, operating as a United Express, dropped nearly 30,000 feet in eight minutes and made an emergency landing in Buffalo, New York. Three passengers on the Embraer 175 twin-jet from Chicago to Connecticut lost consciousness and others began feeling dizzy and sick. When the plane landed, SkyWest initially claimed that the aircraft landed 'out of an abundance of caution' because of one sick passenger. New information from medical personnel confirmed that 'a total of three passengers reported a loss of consciousness while on the flight'
Bounkham 'Bou Bou' Phonesavanh suffered serious burns to his face and had his nipple blown off in the May incident. The Phonesavanh family came to the settlement with Habersham County, Georgia late last month and announced it this week. While the settlement isn't enough to cover the continued medical care Bou Bou will require as he gets older, it does not preclude continued litigation.
Ursula Ward, the mother of Odin Lloyd, wants to look Hernandez in the eye when he testifies during the wrongful death suit, according to attorney Doug Sheff. Hernandez, who did not testify at his criminal trial and had a $40million contract, was convicted April 15 of first-degree murder for killing Lloyd on June 17, 2013. Ward said: 'The day I learned my son was shot and killed, I thought my life ended with his'
Former Tory chairman Lord Tebbit launched an astonishing attack on the PM. He said Mr Cameron had never had a proper job before entering politics. Lord Tebbit also accused the PM of bungling the Scottish referendum. He suggested Tory voters north of the border vote tactically for Labour.
Previous law only stipulated a ban on intercourse which harmed the animals. Agricultural minister Dan Jorgensen said it was difficult to prove whether or not the animal had been harmed.
Images show prisoner wearing orange jumpsuit being forced to his knees. He is then shot at point blank range by militants loyal to the Islamic State. Taken on frontline of fighting in countryside outside rebel-held city of Aleppo. Images released on same day as ISIS attempted to portray everyday life as happy and carefree - distributing photos of smiling farmers.
Ukip has fallen 18 points behind the Tories and seven behind Labour. Ukip now trail the Tories by 18 per cent and Labour by 7 per cent. Ukip leader admits he had'made some mistakes' during the campaign. But he insists he is looking forward to the rest of the campaign.
Rebecca Grant, 40, from Biddeford, was arrested in Limington, Maine. She was found walking 'drunk' in and out of traffic and laying in the road. Grant tried to head-butt a deputy andthrusted her head onto the trunk of his cruiser on two occasions.
Announcement confirms rumors that some researchers have been conducting questionable genetic experiments. Some scientists have already reacted with horror at the idea, for fear it could be misused to allow parents to'select' the genes they will pass on to their grandchildren. Researchers at Sun Yat-sen University in Guangzho have today published their research in the journal Protein & Cell.
Emily Grimson, 25, from Shopshire, is one of Britain's most successful models. Has appeared in product videos for Bosch, adverts on the Disney Channel and advertorials in Sunday Times Style magazine. Former beauty writer moisturises hands up to ten times a day to keep them looking their best.
Woman who escaped IS in Raqqa said people are living in fear and suffering. She said women are forced to cover up and cannot go out in public alone. She said fear of IS is making many join them: 'Better to take the things they offer than die of hunger'
Hundreds attended the funeral of schoolgirl Chloe, who was raped and murdered by a Polish migrant. The tragic killing of the nine-year-old sparked a national outpouring of grief in France after her body was discovered in a migrant camp last week. Mourners gathered at St Peter's in northern France today where huge screens had been erected to show the ceremony. Chloe had been snatched from a French playground in front of her mother Isabelle Hyart's eyes by Zbigniew Huminsk.
Joseph O'Riordan, 76, found guilty of attempted murder after stabbing wife. Mandy, 47, was left with life-threatening injuries to chest, torso and back. Former Polegate town councillor became suspicious of wife's movements. He placed GPS tracker on her car as he hired private detective to watch her. He soon discovered her affair with married postman, Nick Gunn. Mr Gunn, 41, had previous affairs with women on his rounds.
Lord Janner signed over the deeds of his £2 million home to his children. Property was transferred free of charge to his two daughters and son in March. Comes at the height of the police paedophile case against the peer. His legal team claimed he was unfit to stand trial due to Alzheimer's.
Prince Alwaleed Bin Talal has promised to give 100 Bentleys to pilots. He made the pledge on social media but the post has since been deleted. Saudi forces launched air strikes on Yemen a month ago to stop rebels. On Tuesday they announced an end to the campaign but raids resumed.
One in five Australians shop online at night in bed. 86 per cent of those surveyed admit to going online for items they're too embarrassed to buy in store. More than 27 per cent of Australians confess to shopping online at work. Three-quarters of Australians will spend up to $300 per month.
Abu Khaled al-Cambodi has starred in a new Islamic State propaganda video. Authorities named him as a key figure in the foiled Anzac Day plot. In the video, he orders his 'beloved brothers' to 'rise up' and attack targets. The 23-year-old is thought to be the most senior recruiter of Australian militants for the Islamic State.
Silicon Valley-based start-up is offering an at-home DNA saliva test. It detects the same gene mutations but is priced at only $249 (£167) It tests for mutations in BRCA1 and BRCA2, along with 17 other markers. Women with a mutation in BRCA1 have a lifetime risk of up to 80 percent for developing breast cancer and up to a 50 percent chance of developing ovarian cancer.
They are usually used to trap coffee grounds when brewing filter coffee at home. But paper filters have a myriad of other household uses. FEMAIL has rounded up the 20 unusual things you can do with coffee filter papers.
Susan Monica, 66, was found guilty on Tuesday of murdering two handymen on her pig farm over a one-year span. She was sentenced to life in prison, with the possibility of parole after a minimum of 50 years. Jurors spent only an hour deliberating before convicting Monica of murder.
Vit Jedlicka, 31, is a member of the Czech Republic's Conservative Party. He has declared the formation of 'Liberland' on the Croatia-Serbia border. Says he is entitled to take control of the 'unclaimed' territory under international law. If Liberland is ever formally recognised it will be the third smallest sovereign state in the world.
10 prominent doctors sent a letter to Columbia University urging the school to remove TV celebrity doctor Mehmet Oz from his faculty position. Oz, 54, found himself at the center of a firestorm last week when 10 prominent doctors sent a letter to Columbia University. In a special episode of The Dr Oz Show, which was pre-taped Tuesday and will air Thursday, the physician directly addressed his attackers and accused them of trying to bully him into silence.
Ukip leader admitted he has a 'preference' for Australian immigrants. He said he was happier accepting migrants from Commonwealth countries. Comes after Mr Farage demanded refugees are sent back to Africa. Ukip has fallen behind the Tories and Labour in a poll of 10 target constituencies.
The St. Regis Abu Dhabi's signature suite is suspended 200m above the ground. The 1,120 sq metre room is accessed by a private elevator and offers stunning views of the Arabian Gulf. The in-room spa offers a private steam room, sauna, Jacuzzi, two treatment beds and an exercise room.
The waitress had reportedly been working at a cafe called Rosie in Parnell, east of Auckland. John Key kept being persistent with his hair-pulling antics, despite being told by his wife Bronagh to stop. Mr Key defended his pranks as 'a bit of banter' and said he had already apologised for his actions.
Pair were promoting Tory plans to double free childcare for three and four-year-olds. But they struggled with puzzle at Advantage Children's Day Nursery in Surbiton. London Mayor tried to hammer ill-fitting pieces together with his hands. PM tried out what could be a new election slogan, telling him: 'If in doubt, wedge it in' After being put right, pair had more fun finger painting with Tory blue paint.
The family of Vincent Stanford have offered their condolences ahead of Stephanie Scott's funeral on Wednesday. Ms Scott's mother Anika met with Leeton Mayor Paul Maytom last Thursday, revealing her grief and horror at the situation. A memorial service for Ms Scott, 26, will take place in Eugowra in NSW's central west, at the venue where her wedding was due to be held.
David Healy, head of psychiatry at the Hergest psychiatric unit, said the misconception that low levels of serotonin were responsible for depression had become established fact. He suggested that the success of so-called SSRI drugs was based on the ‘marketing of a myth’ The emergence of these serotonin reuptake inhibiting (SSRI) drugs in the late 1980s came after concerns about tranquilliser use to treat depression.
Tianwen Chen, 65, and his wife Gairen Guo, 60, found their first child in a box. They gradually took more and more disabled children into their home. The couple now have 12 children living with them - the eldest is 16.
Prince William has announced he will be taking six weeks of paternity leave. Quentin Letts says he made it through just a week of his own paternity leave. 'Unlike his mouldering Pop, Wills accepts — embraces! — the mundane and sometimes stinky of early parenthood,' he says.
Jackson Byrnes, 18, underwent a risky operation to remove the tumour on his brain on Wednesday. Only one surgeon in Australia was willing to perform the risky operation that will either save his life, leave him paralysed or worse. Renowned neurosurgeon Dr Charlie Teo was the only surgeon in Australia willing to perform the risky operation. Thousands of people helped to fund Jackson’s $80,000 operation and contribute to other medical costs. His elated family are ‘over the moon’ that the surgery was more of a success than they dared to even dream it would be.
Amy Schumer pretended to trip and fall in front of Kim Kardashian and Kanye West on Tuesday as the couple took to the red carpet at the TIME 100 event at the Lincoln Center in NYC. The Trainwreck star later composed herself just in time to pose alongside movie hunk Bradley Cooper, 40, and showed off lots of cleavage in her tight fishtail frock, accessorizing with a small pink handbag. Meanwhile, fellow honoree Laverne Cox could be seen laughing at the entire incident.
Manhattan-based Skin Laundry's Light and Laser procedure promises to leave your skin 'glowing' after just ten minutes. To get the treatment, clients must sign an eight-page waiver that includes wording that prepares for the possible death of the client.
Stephanie Scott was remembered as a 'beautiful friend' who brought laughter to her loved ones, in a touching funeral service on Wednesday. Hundreds of people gathered at Eat Your Greens, just outside Eugowra in NSW's central west, to pay their respects to the beloved teacher. Her fiance, Aaron Leeson-Woolley, was dressed in a black bow tie with a yellow flower pinned to his shirt, her mother Merrilyn, father Robert, and her siblings. Earlier in the day, people in Eugowra and Canowindra painted the town the same colour as a sign of respect for the
Colin Gilpatric, who has autism, wrote a letter to Star Wars creator George Lucas asking him to change the rule that bans Jedi Knights from marrying. The rules of the fictional order lead Jedis to the 'dark side'
11 leading figures accuse CPS of 'damaging public confidence' in justice system. Comes after it emerged at least 19 men with dementia have been convicted of child sex offences since 2010. CPS has been accused of double standards for not prosecuting Lord Janner.
Sgt. Daniel Knapp from Jacksonville, North Carolina, received combat medals after serving in Afghanistan. He has been denied re-enlistment due to the service's strict policy on body ink. While the Army has recently updated its policy, the Marine Corps introduced more stringent rules in 2010.
Joanessa Clawson, 35, her husband James, 38, and her mother Patti Ann Baldassarre, 68, face felony conspiracy charges. They 'posed as a family friend asking for money for their daughter after surgery and the page had raised just $195' But a teacher asked police to check on the girl and found she was fine. In 2006, the couple allegedly ran a wedding photography business in California which failed to deliver photos to clients after they were paid.
George Nagobads was allegedly mugged by a teenager on Sunday afternoon at the Crystal Lake Cemetery in Minneapolis while laying flowers on his wife Velta's grave. He was released from the hospital on Tuesday with 18 stitches in his head. Nagobads was team doctor for the famous 'Miracle on Ice' team that won Olympic gold in 1980. He was played by Kenneth Welsh in the 2004 movie 'Miracle,' about the USA’s improbable gold medal run in Lake Placid.
Miliband said he would have to pay proposed £250 a month'mansion tax' But he claimed this did not mean he actually lived in one. Claim comes despite revelations that his four-storey Victorian town house has two kitchens – including one for the family's live-in nanny.
Ganjendra Singh, 41, was seen sitting in the tree for some time. He then threw a suicide note into the crowd gathered below. Seconds later he hanged himself with a white scarf. He was later declared dead at Ram Manohar Lohia hospital.
Jonah Willow, 12, played chess grandmaster Alexander Cherniaev for two hours. The Russian, 45, resignedly and offered the youngster a draw. Jonah beat three other players in the Nottingham Chess Congress. He qualified for the British Chess Championships this August in Warwick.
South Africa is one of the UK's biggest providers of high-strength cannabis. The plant is known as'swazi gold' and is grown in Swaziland. Drug mules are risking their lives to smuggle it out of the country. What stays behind is ruining the lives of South Africa's drug-addled teens.
Phoebe Jo Chapman, 42, turned herself in to the Lowndes County jail on Tuesday morning and was booked on three counts of sexual assault. The career and technical instruction teacher at Lowndes High School in Valdosta, Georgia, is accused of sleeping with three male students. The students have all since graduated, but investigators say there were still attending Lowndes High School when the alleged sexual encounters occurred.
Geraldine R. Jones, 36, of Gary, Indiana, has been charged with murder, kidnapping and criminal confinement over the death of Samantha Fleming, 23. Police say Jones pretended to be a social worker in order to steal Fleming's 17-day-old daughter, Serenity, and claim the child as her own. Jones told family members she was pregnant with twins and that one had died at birth. Police say they are trying to determine a motive but the evidence 'indicates that Jones intended to raise Serenity as her own child'
Tesco's clothing brand F&F has launched what is estimated to be the cheapest bridal gown on the market. It comes in sizes six to 18 and features a quirky lace neckline and flattering fit to suit all body shapes. Aside from the lace bust, the dress is a mixture of nylon, cotton and polyester.
More than five million visas are expected to be issued to students, tourists and workers this year. As many as 1.9 million foreigners travelling on short term visas are predicted to be spending time Down Under at any one time throughout this year. While a record 185,000 permanent migrants moved to Australia in 1969 - this figure is likely to be exceeded in 2015.
12 of the cases resulted in the pilots requesting a priority landing. One incident report noted: 'Fumes in cabin' Figures have re-opened the argument about whether prolonged exposure to air in planes is safe for passengers and crew.
Fire boat Massey Shaw was requisitioned from the London Fire Brigade in 1940 and transported to Dunkirk to help with the evacuation of Allied troops in the face of the Nazi advance. After carrying 600 soldiers back to Britain, the boat returned to London where it helped to save St Paul's Cathedral and other buildings damaged in the Blitz. The boat went out of service in 1971, and four decades was used as a walkway in a London dock, allowing people to get to other bessels. It took six years to undo the damage on the Massey Shaw and restore it to how it was in the 1930s.
Marcus Copeland, 44, boasted he'spared no expense' in building his dream home. Six-bed eco house was one of the most 'green' new builds in the country. But he admitted lying on mortgage forms to secure more than £800,000. Admitted two counts of fraud at Caernarfon Crown Court and told he faces jail.
Marine Le Pen, 46, is the leader of France's far-right National Front. She has been named one of Time magazine's 100 most influential people. Le Pen said it shows her party's political change is getting attention on both sides of the Atlantic.
Biologists studied the healing process at a molecular level using electron microscopes to examine skin as it repairs itself. They found skin cells appear to attach to each other using tiny tubes that then pull them together so they interlock like a zip. The researchers hope their findings could help in the development of new treatments for wounds that could speed up this process.
Ronan Ghosh, 39, stole £200 worth of meat and wine from a Tesco. He was filmed attempting to smuggle the goods out of the store in a bag. Ghosh heads a recycling company with a turnover of £16million. His own barrister told the judge the offence 'beggars belief' He was given a 12-month community order and must pay £575 in costs.
Italian Surgeon Sergio Canavero plans to conduct the world's first head transplant - in less than an hour. He has no problem with anyone branding him Dr Frankenstein. He also has no problem with wealthy tycoons using the procedure to get a young body in their quest for eternal life. He confirmed that he hopes to operate on his first patient, a Russian with a rare genetic muscle wasting disease. He said he will carry out the procedure in China if he is banned from doing so in the EU or former Soviet Union.
Blake, 27, welcomed her first child with Ryan Reynolds in January. Has been showcasing her post-baby body at various events. Says losing weight hasn't been a priority. Is currently promoting her new movie Age Of Adaline.
Sally Lutkin, 49, had the names of her grandchildren tattooed on her leg. But the rose tattoo became so swollen that she was in agony and couldn't walk. She was rushed to A&E and had emergency surgery to stop infection spreading. She was left with a bloody hole resembling a gunshot in the middle of the tattoo. Mrs Lutkin has vowed never to have another tattoo in her life.
The largely teenage fanbase have spent the days running up to the May 7th election posting tweets of affection for the politician. Led by Twitter user @twcuddleston, an AS Level student by the name of Abby, the unlikely fan club has prompted hundreds of tweets from fellow users. Fearing a gaffe, the Labour leader has remained tight-lipped on what he makes of the Milifans. But he did tweet the teen behind it, saying 'Hi Abby - Delighted that you've joined Labour - welcome'
The strapless dress is a red carpet staple for fine-boned actresses. But can a woman with 34G curves like mine ever look fab in one?
Stewart Brand, president of the Long Now Foundation, believes the focus on widespread extinctions may actually be harmful. Instead he argues it is highly unlikely that the planet is facing a sixth mass extinction as many threatened species are recovering. Instead he argues that the trends for conservation are actually 'looking bright' as depleted ecosystems are being enriched. He points to the efforts that have taken place on many islands around the world - where species are most vulnerable to extinction.
Scott Keyes, a 28-year-old writer for Think Progress, is about to travel 20,000miles on 21 flights. He reveals his travel hacks in his two eBooks How To Fly For Free and How To Find Cheap Flights.
Shirley Temple's bitter ex-husband tried to derail her appointment to a diplomatic post by calling her 'emotionally unstable' during her FBI background check. John George Agar told an agent in 1969 to think twice because Temple would 'overreact if she didn't get her way' He also said that her mother had wrecked their marriage because she interfered in their affairs too much. His efforts were unsuccessful as dozens of other people including Ronald Reagan came to Temple's defense and called her a'very courageous woman of the highest morals'
In two years the Thames Bath Lido should open near Blackfriars Bridge. The plans have moved quicker than an initial ten-year initiative to clean up the Thames for swimmers with the aid of celebrities such as artist Tracy Emin and David Walliams. Walliams has said if the water is clean enough he will be the first to jump in.
YouTube entertainer Yousef Saleh Erakat disguised himself as a homeless man to see what would happen if he offered people on the street his own money instead. Erakat said he wanted to 'flip the script' and find out if it was acceptable for the rich to give money to the poor.
Fiona Steane, 50, wanted to cut all her hair off when she was 15 but her mother refused and she's had it long ever since. Sarah Rihal, 50, says she has had long her all her life and her youngest daughter Jasmine has hair the same length. Melanie Brown, 60, has 4ft long hair and Vanessa Thorpe, 40, has 2ft 10in of hair.
The video was recorded in Washington, where recreational use of marijuana was legalized in July of last year. The three ex-cops - Rene, 73, Robert, 73, and David, 67 - discuss the dangers and benefits of smoking marijuana.
LaTasha Gosling, 27, and her two daughters, Janyaa, 4, and Jenika, 8, and her son Landen, 7, were discovered early Wednesday. The suspect in the case was found just hours later dead, and while police would not say how he died they did say that it was not a homicide. He also had a six-month-old baby with him who was unharmed.
Cool Ed Miliband account has already posted 45 images of the Labour leader. Users have superimposed Ed Miliband's face on to the bodies of famous men. They include Marlon Brando, Harrison Ford and Neil Armstrong.
Memphis City Council agreed that Hound Dog II and Lisa Marie can be moved from his estate to a site nearby. It means tourists to Graceland will have to pay extra if they want to see the two jets, which are to form a new, separate museum. Graceland’s managing company, Elvis Presley Enterprises, agreed that the planes’ owner, OKC Partnership, could have a cut of Graceland ticket sales. OKC has been in a lengthy dispute with EPE, which was bought by New York-based Authentic Brands Group in 2013.
Gulam Chowdhury, 24, stabbed Mohammed Yasser Afzal 20 times. Old Bailey heard Mr Afzal had threatened to show intimate pictures of Nargis Riaz. Ms Riaz's parents were unaware she was friendly with either man. Chowdhury claimed killing was justified by Islam and included a passage from the Quran which said: 'Cut the neck of the man who eyed up his wife'
ESPN reporter Shelley Smith is set to return to work six months after announcing she had breast cancer. Smith, 56, will make her first appearance on April 30, just before the NFL draft. She will be with Oregon quarterback Marcus Mariota for a feature that will air prior to the draft.
Aaron Siler, 26, was fatally shot after he 'armed himself with a weapon' after being confronted by officer Pablo Torres on March 14. Torres is currently on leave pending the outcome of the investigation into the deadly shooting. In the meantime a billboard, paid for by the Kenosha Professional Police Association, has been erected featuring a photograph of Torres and his dog. 'Thank you for your support, Kenosha,' it reads. Siler's family and friends have called the billboard 'disrespectful' and are asking for it be taken down.
The Yeatman is located in Vila Nova de Gaia, on the banks of the Douro river, Portugal's second-largest city. Owner Taylor, Fladgate & Yeatman, which owns the hotel, is a centuries-old Port wine producer. The restaurant at The Yeatman is the only one in Porto to carry a Michelin star.
Tom McTevia, a Navy veteran and father-of-one, was traveling with a group near an overlook at Lake Pend Oreille in Bonner County, Idaho on Sunday. He got too close to the edge of the 2,000-foot cliff and his ATV went over. His passenger, Tina Hoisington, 45, was found dead at the scene. McTevia had been left paralyzed in another ATV accident in 2004 but continued to live an active lifestyle and advocate for wheelchair users.
James Boase had been drinking with a friend in Torquay on March 13, 2014. He claimed he went to bed at approximately 12.30am and awoke beside his car which had been involved in a car crash. The 36-year-old publican said he must have been sleep walking. He was found guilty of drink driving at Torquay Magistrates' Court.
Zulu king Goodwill Zwelithini has been blamed for sparking violence. He has been accused of inciting mobs to kill foreigners in South Africa. But the 67-year-old monarch has also been accused of extravagant spending. His lavish wedding to sixth wife Zola Mafu in July cost an estimated £250,000.
Kate Thomas noticed her son Miles had a slightly different shaped head. At three months, he was diagnosed with flat head syndrome. This is where the back of the head becomes flattened, causing the head to widen and the front of the skull to bulge out. The condition is thought to be caused by babies sleeping on their back. As it is not medically dangerous, the NHS does not pay for treatment. Mrs Thomas set up a GoFundMe page and raised £2,000 in just 24 hours.
Marv the cat got stuck in a gap in between two garages in Bristol. He was left dangling upside down for two hours and RSPCA couldn't free him. Firefighters had to chisel through a wall to free the trapped puss. Marv was uninjured and was reunited with his owner's two daughters.
Nye held court with press making the trip before boarding the airliner, telling them, I love the smell of jet fuel, according to an account provided to White House reporters. Nye told press it was his first time on the president's private jet, but he once rode AF2 with former Vice President Al Gore. While he was working as an engineer at Boeing in 1978, Nye said he designed an anti-vibration tube for the horizontal stabilizer that is used in the company's 747 planes.
Philip Garrod, 43, was caught doing 105mph in a 60mph zone on his motorbike. He pleaded guilty and was fined £650 with six points for speeding. Garrod then began weaving a web of lies to try and avoid a driving ban. Claimed he was rushing to work after colleague told him of cyclist's injury. But the judge ordered an adjournment to take various witness statements. That's when bosses began their own investigations and opened a special misconduct hearing. Garrod filled in a 'patient clinical record' for the bogus call to back up his false story.
Hendry, 49, was almost twice over the legal limit after drinking in a Lytham cocktail bar. Police followed his 10-year-old car as it crossed double white lines. He was almost twice over the legal limit after drinking in a Lytham cocktail bar.
Major General Allen Batschelet says that 10 percent of young men and women who sign up to join the Army are currently refused because they are too heavy. As many as half of young Americans will be so grossly overweight by the end of the decade that the military will be unable to recruit enough qualified soldiers. Army recruiters, facing overweight prospective soldiers who are eager to sign up, have become fitness coaches.
Stanford computer science student Lea Coligado, 21, created the blog after experiencing the bias against women in the tech industry first-hand. The blog features photos and stories of tech's best and brightest women working within the industry, often accompanied with inspirational quotes.
The Australian Vaccination Skeptics Network posted an image to their Facebook page on Thursday. The image shows a man holding a woman with his hand over her mouth in an aggressive silencing gesture. The tag line read, 'Forced penetration. Really- no big deal, if it's just a vaccination needle and he's a doctor. Do you really "need" control over your own choices?' The post was in response to tough new laws announced by Social Services Minister Scott Morrison earlier in April. Parents who refuse to immunise their children are set to lose up to $15,000 a year for every child
The 14-year-old is now fighting for her life in Delhi’s Safdarjung Hospital. She was allegedly gang-raped on Sunday when she went outside her house to relieve herself. Her family reportedly told her to keep quiet about the attack.
The brightly coloured pedestrian crossing was due to be installed in Totnes, Devon - the first in Europe - as a mark of the town's pride for its gay community. But experts have warned that painting the road different colours could have side-effects for people with Alzheimer's.
For those who weren't disconnected, only 40percent actually got through to a person. Many of those people had to wait on hold for more than 30 minutes. IRS Commissioner John Koskinen blamed budget cuts approved by Congress.
Numerous studies over the last 15 years have ruled out a link between the MMR vaccine and autism. New study looked at whether vaccines could make autism even more likely in children who had siblings with autism.
Five nursing students from Georgia Southern University died early on Wednesday in a chain-reaction crash in southeast Georgia. Authorities said a tractor-trailer failed to slow down and smashed into stop-and-go traffic. The tractor-trailer plowed into an SUV, then rolled over a small passenger car that burst into flames, said Sgt. 1st Class Chris Nease of the Georgia State Patrol. The big truck came to a halt after slamming into the back of a tanker. All five of the dead were nursing students at Georgia Southern University in Statesboro, about 30 miles from the crash site.
'If Hillary Clinton can't satisfy her husband,' a Texas-cowgirl college student tweeted, 'what makes her think she can satisfy America?' When someone retweeted the quip two hours later and included Trump's Twitter handle in the message, one of the billionaire's staffers retweeted it for him. 'Mr. Trump was not responsible for this tweet,' a spokesperson told Daily Mail Online. 'It was retweeted by one of ten staff members that periodically help execute on Mr. Trump’s various social media platforms. As soon as Mr. Trump saw the tweet he deleted it,' the spokesperson said
Double room in Peckham, south-east London, has been put up for rent for just £400 a month. In an advert posted on Gumtree, 'Martin' informs people looking at the room, suitable for couples, that there is a leak in the room.
Davion Only, 16, was formally adopted by his former caseworker Connie Bell Going on Wednesday. Davion had spent his entire life in foster care after his mother gave birth to him behind bars. In 2013 he made a plea for a family to 'love him forever' and millions of people around the country heard about his story. Davion has been living with Going and her family since August.
Revealed in a minute-long video, the aeroplane is displayed sitting on a runway. Inside the aircraft, the clip shows off the all-white interior and leather flat-bed seats. Jet includes its own executive and sous in-flight chefs and exclusively stocks Dom Pérignon champagne.
Judge John Koeltl said in a decision made public Tuesday that the incendiary ad is speech protected under the First Amendment. He said he was sensitive to the Metropolitan Transportation Authority's claim that the poster could incite violence. But he noted that substantially the same advertisement ran in San Francisco and Chicago in 2013 without incident.
Hollywood power couple Brad Pitt and Angelina Jolie have a net worth of £260million. There have been reports that Brangelina have shut down whole hotel floors. But the couple often opt for surprisingly low key accommodation, affordable for mere mortals like the rest of us.
Ahmed Hassan-Sule, 21, known as 'Fiddy', organised under-18s parties. He and five others abused girls aged between 13 and 16 from 2009 to 2014. Oxford Crown Court heard how they lured victims to parties on social media. The men were found guilty of a string of sexual offences in March. They have now been sentenced to between three and nine years in jail.
Motorists had to swerve out of the way of the giant hole in Northampton. It appeared on the residential Earl Street at around 2pm on Thursday. Just hours earlier a London pavement collapsed, swallowing a pedestrian.
'A small number of customers' on Flight 271 from Paris to Newark Airport in New Jersey complained of nausea and possible minor injuries. A Boston EMS spokeswoman said two people were taken to Massachusetts General Hospital with what are believed to be minor injuries. One passenger said that it felt like 'King Kong picked up the plane and shook it like there was no tomorrow'
A bold red fox spots a deer bone on a frozen lake in Japan. The young animal begins to fight off a flock of crows for the bone. But when two Steller sea eagles turn up he loses the fight over the bone.
The boy picked up the unwrapped condom in his school playground at Bennett Elementary in Bennett, Colorado last week. His mother said it would be a year before her son had the all-clear from his STD testing.
The long-awaited trailer for the film to be released this September was released Thursday at CinemaCon in Las Vegas. In the trailer, Depp, 51, looks several years older, with grey slicked back hair and his brown eyes change to a grey-blue. The film also stars Benedict Cumberbatch, Kevin Bacon, Peter Sarsgaard and Dakota Johnson.
Labour leader will pledge to'restore our commitment' to the EU. Mr Miliband has all but ruled out a referendum on Europe. He said it is'very unlikely' there will be a transfer of powers to the EU.
A new Ask Reddit thread asked members of the disabled community to list all the ways able-bodied people think they are being supportive, but end up being just the opposite. Many disabled people said it was insulting and patronising to be 'praised' for doing normal things, like going to university. Others claimed to have been accused of 'faking' their disabilities, or playing them up, particularity when it comes to disabled parking spots.
Amanda Bailey, 26, had her ponytail pulled by John Key while she was working at Rosie cafe in Parnell, east of Auckland. The Prime Minister kept being persistent with his hair-pulling antics, despite being told by his wife Bronagh to stop. Ms Bailey took to an online blog to detail how Mr Key pulled her hair in the cafe on six occasions. The cafe is frequented by Mr Key and his wife Bronagh. Mr Key defended his pranks as 'a bit of banter' and said he had already apologised for his actions.
Woman, 20, was at party with friends at halls of residence at Chester University. She flagged down car belonging to Masood Mansouri believing he was a taxi driver. Instead of taking her to a nightclub, it is alleged the 33-year-old drove off without them and took her to his home where he sexually assaulted and raped her. She managed to escape by hiding in bushes, before getting another taxi to the club. She became so distressed the next day she broke down and told her mother. Five days later the woman took an overdose of her mother’s blood pressure tablets and died. Mansouri
Channel Seven's Sunday Night will tell the story of Ivan Milat's first violent crime and how he escaped police prosecution. The revelation includes first-hand evidence from Milat's older brother, Boris, into the killer's'secret victim' The program also puts Mr Milat face-to-face with the 'wrong man', who was jailed for the first crime his brother committed.
Wendy L Patrick PhD says we fell for Belle Gibson because 'we love heartwarming stories—especially comeback stories' Here are five ways that the Belle s of the world win us over.
Patrick James Fredricksen, 30,'stole a car and drove it to an empty school bus with its keys inside' He was stopped on his way to pick up a child and had already used the bus's list of children's names and addresses to try and abduct a young girl, police say. He has previous convictions for unlawful sexual activity with a minor and impersonating a firefighter.
Institute for Fiscal Studies said Labour would borrow £90bn more than Tories. This would rise to £280bn in extra debt by the end of the next decade. Labour's failure to control borrowing would leave Britain 'less well placed'
Michael David Ikeler, 36, was arrested April 9 and charged with lewd act upon a child with a kidnapping allegation, and two counts of oral copulation or sexual penetration with child 10 years old or younger. The two-year-old girl from Gardena, California, disappeared from a car wash on April 2. She was found two hours later in the parking lot of Jim's Burgers, 13 miles away, naked and with obvious injuries. A neighbor saw CCTV footage of the car and noticed Ikeler altering the appearance of his car, which looked the same. Ikeler lives with his 18-year-
Bhadreshkumar Chetanbhai Patel, 24, faces a federal charge of fleeing to avoid prosecution. The FBI announced on Wednesday that a $20,000 reward is being offered for information that leads to his arrest. Patel is to believed to have beat his 21-year-old wife, Palak Bhadreskumar Patel, to death with a knife inside the fast-food chain.
The decision by the U.S. Court of Appeals for the Federal. Circuit rejected the band's argument that the government's. refusal to grant a trademark violated its free speech rights. The ruling could have implications for the high-profile fight over whether the National Football League's Washington. Redskins should lose its trademarks.
Benidorm is bidding for Unesco World Heritage status. The resort is famous for its lowbrow British TV sitcom Sticky Vicky. Sociology professor Mario Gaviria is behind the application. He says it deserves the same recognition as other 'world wonders'
Tom Sturridge is starring in the West End play American Buffalo. He is also set to step into the costume drama void left by Carey Mulligan. He counts Robert Pattinson and Andrew Garfield among his best friends.
Krishnan Guru-Murthy tried to interview Robert Downey Jr about his past. The actor walked out saying: 'I'm sorry, I really don't... what are we doing?' Naomi Campbell, Justin Bieber and Peter Andre have all lost their cool.
Dusty the kangaroo was found on the side of the road in Western Australia in 2013. Ashley Stewart and his wife Felicity took him home and have been inseparable ever since. He sleeps with the couple's dogs, eats with them, and even tries to sneak dog treats when he can. Mr Stewart said that Dusty has convinced himself that he is a dog.
A woman found a mildly venomous brown tree snake in her shopping trolley. She thought she was doing her grocery alone at Coles in Caboolture. She pushed the trolley up the escalator to do her shopping before realising the slithering brown tree snake had curled itself in the corner. Sunshine Coast Snake Catchers 24/7 Richie Gilbert was called to remove the snake and release it back into the bushland just kilometres away.
Kimberley Donoghue, 28, from South Wales broke her leg and a bone in her foot just four days before her wedding. She was wheeled into church by her dad and had to sit down to say her vows. The family are planning another party in the summer to celebrate without her cast.
Ashton Taylor, 21, from Perth, was diagnosed with a severe brain condition called dural arteriovenous fistula in July 2013. She has undergone 15 brain surgeries, numerous angiograms, hundreds of blood tests and several MRI scans in two years. Gibson, whose Whole Pantry app was downloaded by more than 300,000 people, triggered international outrage when it emerged she failed to pass on donations to various charities.
Deborah Roberts, 53, forced tissue into Phyllis Hadlow's mouth to stop screaming. She also poured water over dementia patient at Kent and Canterbury Hospital. Roberts found guilty of ill-treatment but avoided prison sentence.
Rupa Huq is standing for Ed Miliband's party in Ealing Central and Acton. She actively campaigned against the Iraq War, boasting about the fact on a page of pledges on her website - but has not returned the money to Mr Blair. In March, three Labour parliamentary candidates turned down their £1,000 donations from Mr Blair.
A massive fire consumed a building that was once home to a Michigan strip club on Wednesday afternoon. The blaze took place at a building located on a Flint intersection, and started at about 1pm. Local resident Terry Rauh told MLive a fire took place at the building once before.
Almost three-quarters of UK holidaymakers are at risk of UV exposure because they use out-of-date sun cream. Out-of-date lotions may separate and not spread evenly, meaning you may not be completely covered with vital UV filters. Experts recommend you don’t use a sun cream beyond the recommended period after opening.
The pair had earlier posed as bank staff on the phone and convinced their victim his debit cards needed to be recalled for security reasons. They persuaded him to leave the cards in an envelope on the doorstep of his home in the village of Walsgrave-on-Sowe, Warwickshire. Less than two hours later, the cruel conmen were filmed using the same cards, laughing and joking as they stole £150 from a cash machine in Coventry.
Militants fighting for Boko Haram in West Africa have released the first images of their terror activities since pledging allegiance to ISIS leader Abu Bakr al-Baghdadi. Taken somewhere in the forests of north-eastern Nigeria, the images show the jihadis casually posing in front of the terror group's sinister black and white flag. The release came as Nigerian soldiers backed by warplanes invaded the Islamist's final stronghold in the country.
AJ Francis plans to work for the $40billion taxi firm during the sport's off-season - a rare occurrence considering the money that professional players earn today. The 6ft 5in, 330lb player is a regular user of the taxi app and yesterday told fans that he had sent them a job application.
Penny Davison, 59, is the ex-wife of gambler and racehorse trainer Albert Davison. He made a fortune by landing a series of six-figure bets on his own horses. When he died, aged 73, he owned a seven-bedroom country estate in Surrey. But before he died, in 2011, he and his second wife fought a bitter battle over his fortune, before she was awarded just £750,000. Mrs Davison has now appeared back in court, seeking to boost her slice to more than £1million by claiming his death has freed up more of his cash.
Officer Michael Rapiejko rammed his car into armed robbery suspect Mario Valencia. Dash cam footage showed him mounting the curb and mowing down the man. Rapiejko told investigators it was either'shoot him or run him over' He said Valencia had refused commands and was holding a loaded rifle. Rapiejko has been accused of misconduct and labeling him a hero. Local police chief Terry Rozema has spoken out to defend his officer. Valencia remained in hospital for two days before being booked into jail.
Keepers at the Columbus Zoo say ten-year-old Irisa had mated before but never conceived. However, this spring it was found the female cat was pregnant - with triplets. While the birth on Tuesday morning went smoothly, Irisa failed to show any maternal care so her offspring are currently being hand-reared in an incubator.
The Clinton Foundation received millions from executives tied to a Russian nuclear energy company while Hillary was secretary of state. Former president Bill Clinton got $500,000 for a Moscow speaking engagement linked to Russian President Vladimir Putin. His foundation also took millions from companies that saw their fortunes rise because of Hillary's State Department actions. The Clintons' family philanthropy will have to re-file some of its annual tax returns to correct errors in how it has reported income from foreign governments.
Evnika Saadvakass became a YouTube sensation when she was five-years-old after she was filmed throwing around 100 punches in less than two minutes. The video was viewed around three million times and now two years on the young girl has returned to update the world on her progress. Standing with an orthodox stance, the youngster begins raining shots at her father who quickly cycles his hands to meet her demand.
Captain Jack Slade was a flight lieutenant in World War II and received many distinguished service medals. His wife, Mel Slade, passed away and left them to the Darwin Military Museum. Brendan Cordina drove 3500km to find his grandfather's medals. He was refused the medals and told they were'more important to the museum' Mr Cordina started a petition on change.org.au. He has received 15,000 signatures in under 24 hours.
The 18-year-old was hit over the head 20 times with a rock and dragged into a garden. She was raped by the man and left for dead in the Beeston area of Leeds. Victim will speak out in tonight's episode of Crimewatch in which she tells reporters she is too scared to sleep for fear of reliving the ordeal in her dreams.
A federal court of appeals threw out the career home run leader's obstruction of justice conviction on Wednesday. He was convicted of the obstruction charge in 2011, and a three-judge panel of the 9th U.S. Circuit Court of Appeals unanimously upheld the conviction in 2013. But the larger group, which listened to arguments from prosecutors and Bonds' lawyers last September, concluded there was insufficient evidence his initial evasive answer was material to the grand jury's probe.
Federal Court bans Rebels bikie gang president Alex Vella from Australia. The 61-year-old was in Malta when his visa was cancelled last year. Vella applied to re-enter Australia four days after his visa was cancelled. The Abbott Government did not cite Vella's association with a criminal enterprise when it cancelled his visa. Vella has been selling T-shirts and stubby holders to raise money for his legal battle. He has a wife, two sons and two stepsons, nine grandchildren, nine siblings and an elderly mother.
Yamini Karanam, 26, was struggling to understand things she had read. She also felt lost in conversations and launched a search for answers online. It led her to Dr Hrayr Shahinian, an expert at the Skullbase Institute. Dr Shahinian has removed around 7,000 brain tumours and has seen just two teratomas - known by its medical name, a brain teratoma. He said he feared Miss Karanam's pineal tumour could be cancerous. But surgeons operating on the Indiana University student discovered it was a teratoma - a growth containing bone, hair and teeth. They
Google launched a new U.S. wireless service today that switches between Wi-Fi and cellular networks. The service, called 'Project Fi,' debuted today, about two months after Google revealed its plans to expand its empire into providing wireless connections for smartphones. Google is selling the basic phone service for $20 a month and will only charge customers for the amount of cellular data that they use each month, instead of a flat rate.
The alarm failed at the former president's Houston home in September 2013 and the Secret Service took until December for it to be replaced. It came despite an agent's recommendation in 2010 that the alarm be replaced because it 'had exceeded its life cycle' The agency also assigned an employee to watch the property during the time the alarm was out of service. The report was released by the Department of Homeland Security on Thursday. It is the latest embarrassment for the agency, which has seen its reputation tarnished by a string of blunders in recent months.
Study compared its results to the most severe emissions scenarios outlined by the Intergovernmental Panel on Climate Change (IPCC) It claims natural variability can account for increases and dips in warming rates. But it adds that these so-called 'climate wiggles' could also cause our planet to warm up much faster than anticipated.
Three men arrested on suspicion of murdering Claudia Lawrence released on bail. Trio were questioned over night by police investigating her disappearance. Ms Lawrence was 35 when she vanished on March 18, 2009. Her father, Peter, reported her missing after she failed to turn up to work. Detectives previously questioned a man in his 50s from York in March.
A pilot has blamed one of his passengers for coughing 'incessantly' into his headset during a short flight in the Northern Territory. The Australian Air Transport Safety Bureau (ATSB) released its report on Wednesday into the 'wheels up landing' on December 12, 2014 at Jabiru Airport, southeast of Darwin. The unidentified pilot was flying a six-seat Cessna 310 aircraft, registered VH-TBE, with two adults and three children on board when he became distracted by one of the passengers. Despite this, the report also found the pilot was'relatively new to the C-310' and unfamiliar with the
3.8million crimes were recorded by police last year, up 2% on 2013. A record number of rapes and other sex crimes were logged - up 32%. Experts say rise is partly because victims are'more willing' to report crimes. Campaigners say Operation Yewtree has 'brought sexual cases to the fore'
Marissa Holcomb was fired from her job at Popeyes in Channelview, Texas. She was held at gunpoint on March 31 and the robber made off with $400. Her bosses said it was too much money to have kept in the register. She refused to pay it back and was fired less than two days later. Now she has been offered her job back, but is unsure whether to take it.
Auschwitz-Birkenau State Museum has had 250,000 visitors already this year. January saw the 70th anniversary of the camp's liberation. Just 30 people are allowed to visit Auschwitz I at any one time.
Kate, 33, is due to give birth to her second child in the coming days. Having two children is significantly harder than having one. Parenting blogger Emily-Jane Clark has compiled a list of tips.
Ben Thurlow had been drinking in pubs in Driffield when he was attacked. The 23-year-old shoved emergency worker Rebecca Hudson as she tended to his head injury. Paramedics called Thurlow's friends and family in an attempt to calm him down. Police were called and Thurlow was taken to Hull Royal Infirmary. On the way he attacked Ms Hudson again by knocking her over. Thurlow was given a four month sentence, suspended for 12 months.
Carrie Reichert, 43, claims she shared 'hot, deep kiss' with Prince Harry in 2012. She has released teaser from upcoming book In the Eye of the Royal Story. Says she couldn't help but notice how 'adorably cute his naked a** was'
Gareth Blanks was attacked as he walked home from the shops in Truro. The 31-year-old was punched and kicked 20 times in the head and body. More than 1,500 people have come out in support of Mr Blanks after the attack. Police are investigating the crime and are confident they will catch the attackers.
Some nicknames refer to the ancient heritage of the city, others refer to the industry found in the city. Flights company Just The Flight have researched city nicknames all over the world. They found out the real stories behind each and every one of them to produce a handy infographic.
Barclays chairman Sir David Walker defended the bank’s decision to pay out £1.86billion in bonuses, including packages of more than £1million to 359 employees. Group chief executive Antony Jenkins saw his pay package more than triple to £5.5million, after opting to accept a £1.1million bonus.
Jamie Jewitt, 24, and Henry Rogers, 22, both admit that when they were in their teens, their self-esteem was at rock bottom. Henry, from Ealing, reached eighteen stone at his heaviest. After shedding the weight, he landed a job at Abercrombie & Fitch. Jamie, from Essex, weighed 15st before his 15th birthday. He was so self-conscious with his looks, he barely posed for any photographs.
Supermarket giant announced a record annual loss of £6.38billion. Loss reflects shift in shopping habits away from big supermarkets. Tesco has been forced to slash the value of its property empire.
Wesley Burton, who worked at KPFA, was driving home from work when a white Dodge Charger crashed into his silver Mercury. The crash occurred near the Berkeley-Oakland city line and police say the hit-and-run driver fled the on foot. Emergency personnel attempted life-saving measures, but Burton was pronounced dead at the scene - just blocks from his home. His wife Lucrecia has made a tearful plea for anyone with information to come forward and speak to the police.
Nike features prominently on a leaflet distributed in ISIS' de facto capital Raqqa. It warns jihadis about items of clothing they are no longer allowed to wear. Comes after one militant decried the popularity of Nike among ISIS fighters. He compared the brand's famous 'tick' logo to wearing a Christian cross.
Romanian company MB Telecom has revealed the Roboscan 2M Aeria. It uses a cone of radiation to sweep across planes and look inside. The device is accurate enough to find a filament in a light bulb. But the radiation it emits is not safe for passengers yet. The device can be used to detect weapons and other contraband in small or medium-sized jets that land at low-security airports.
Markus Asberg, Erik Naslund, Samuel Kvarzell and Makrus sberg are all police officers in their native Sweden. The four were on their way to see Les Misérables on Broadway when they answered the call of duty on a crowded subway train. They subdued an enraged homeless man who was viciously beating another rider on the train.
Spanish lawyer says she has been'religiously paying taxes' in UK for 10 years. But she takes a swipe at the party her husband has spent five years in power with. Comes after Mr Clegg warned the 'bandwagons of the far right' are encircling an 'increasingly hapless Conservative leadership'
Black Sea resorts offer best value in terms of a meal out and essentials. Bulgaria is one of 13 European hotspots where cash will go further this summer. Research into imaginary shopping basket of ten typical holiday purchases showed a total price of £37.39 for Bulgaria - down 13.6 per cent from last year.
James Rebanks' family has been farming in the Lake District for at least six centuries. He was born into a job from which, now in his 40s, he takes infinite pride. Rebanks loathed school, and left at 15, able to write only in block capitals.
Bodycam footage shows Donald Allen, 66, pointing a loaded pistol at officer Brian Barnett, 25. Barnett then shoots Allen dead after he comes at him with the gun. The camera was malfunctioning and it was initially thought the video was lost. It was forensically recovered, but the audio from the bodycam was not.
Three new accusers, Janice Baker Kinney, Marcella Tate, and Autumn Burns, appeared with attorney Gloria Allred in Los Angeles on Thursday. They claim they were abused by the comedian at the age of 20 and 24. All three say they woke up naked in bed with Cosby after he fed them drugs. They are the latest in almost 40 women to speak out against Cosby, who has yet to comment on the allegations.
Missoula: Rape and The Justice System in a College Town, by author Jon Krakauer, details five cases of sexual assault at the University of Montana at Missoula. Kelsey Belnap claimed four football players gang-raped her in 2010, but they were never charged. Allison Huguet also told Krakauer that she was raped by the same player at a party in 2010.
The former first daughter spoke at the Council on Foreign Relations in New York City on Thursday. She called the Clinton Foundation 'among the most transparent of foundations' The foundation is under fire for accepting millions from foreign governments in exchange for special favors from the State Department. Hillary Clinton is the presumptive Democratic front-runner for president in 2016.
Chinese designers have developed a washing machine for cyclists. By changing the front wheel of the exercise bike into a washing machine drum it will spin as the user pedals. A generator attached to the pedals also produces electricity which can be stored for later use. Students at the university are now building a prototype of the machine.
Eloise Parry, known as Ella, died this week after taking a lethal overdose. She 'burned up from the inside' after swallowing the highly-toxic substance known as Dinitrophenol, or DNP. Her mother has issued a stark warning about buying diet pills online. Dr Simon Cotton, senior lecturer in chemistry at the University of Birmingham, explains how DNP came to be used as a diet pill.
For Americans, the White House is as iconic and royal a palace as you can get. For non-Americans, it is a respected power symbol, but not one to be especially loved. Kate Brower, an American journalist assigned to cover the Obama White House, became intrigued by the workings of the mansion after watching Downton Abbey.
Thenga Adams, flying from Guyana in South America was arrested after customs at JFK in New York searched the sneakers in his luggage. When customs opened the soles of the athletic shoes they found $30,000 worth of cocaine. This is the second time a person flying from Guyana was nabbed at JFK for allegedly trying to smuggle drugs.
Veterans parades and Morris men were seen across the country, with spectators draped in flags cheering them on. Temperatures were slightly warmer across England today than on St George's Day last year, with parts of north Yorkshire warmest at 20.9C. It comes after a week of abnormally warm weather that is set to end tomorrow, said forecasters.
Aimee Craven, of Hull, claimed horse worth £20 and took it home last week. But British Transport Police officers trawled through CCTV footage to track her down. They took her off train as she travelled to work in Brough and questioned her. Mother-of-one Miss Craven told it is likely she will receive a caution for theft.
The strange-looking baby is called Nandi by locals in Narnaul, India. He can only take in milk through two of his mouths. Cows are revered in India's Hindu culture.
All three main parties' education spokesmen revealed they would have no problem with the next Education Secretary sending their children to private school. Outbreak of honesty came when BBC’s Daily Politics show presenter Andrew Neil asked if it would be ‘acceptable for an education secretary to send their children to a private school’ Tristram Hunt, Labour’s shadow education secretary answered first and said: ‘Yes. In certain circumstances’ He also confirmed Labour could fire the thousands of ‘unqualified’ teachers across the state sector.
Brett Robinson, 33, is accused of letting an inmate out of his cell multiple times and engaging in sex acts between March and July last year. A psychologist report said she was suffering from mental illness at the time of the alleged encounters and that it made her 'vulnerable, passive and gullible' However a judge ruled Wednesday that the report was insufficient and that Robinson would have to go to trial on April 28 without it. The case follows that of her colleague Lisa Curry, 39, who last month was sentenced to over four years prison for having sex with an inmate.
Florida mom Kristina Bewley started taking her daughter Giselle to Disney World in September 2014 and they've been visiting the park monthly ever since. Each time the family visits, Giselle puts on a new princess bought by her mother Kristina. Kristina, who works with special needs kids, takes glamorous photos of her daughter playing in the park and wearing her colorful new outfits.
Ukip insists St George would have been welcomed to Britain because of his skills as a dragon slayer. Economic spokesman Patrick O'Flynn faced questions on whether St George would have been welcomed by a 3rd-century Ukip. In its election manifesto the party has said it would have a five year moratorium on unskilled migrants moving to the country.
Body of 50-foot whale washed up on Pacifica State Beach in California. Beachgoers took photos of where 'East Bay Rats Motorcycle Club' was. The name was erased by Wednesday's high tide.
Two moving candle-lit vigils held in Malta and Rome to remember victims. People lay candles by sea in Valetta, Malta, and in front of cemetery. Comes as over 900 migrants died en route to Europe from Libya this weekend. It was the deadliest migrant tragedy on the Mediterranean so far this year. EU leaders will today announce only 5,000 refugees will be granted safe haven. The rest will be sent back as 'irregular migrants' under new rapid return programme.
The Hilti DD350 drill was used to cut through the concrete wall of the vault. The hole was just 45cm wide and 25cm high - meaning a squeeze was needed. Scotland Yard said the crime had been carried out by an 'Ocean's 11 type team' Officers are offering a £20,000 reward for information leading to arrests.
Investigators have released images of fans who tended to the wounded. The men and women were seen rushing towards those crushed on pitch. They have been released at the request of some of the victims' families. Police say the 'unusual' appeal is necessary as those pictured may be able to answer questions of the victims' families.
Lizzi Crawford, 32, tipped the scales at 20st after a stranger mistook her for pregnant. The mother-of-six shed the pounds, slimming down to a healthier 12.5st. Lizzi joined the gym and began hourglass training and says that she is now addicted to fitness.
A black woman, Tyus Byrd, was recently elected mayor of Parma, Missouri. Six city officials quit their jobs shortly after Byrd won. Trish Cohen, Parma's former police chief, and Rich Medley, the town's former assistant police chief, recently spoke to NBC News. Cohen alleged in the interview that she and Medley feared for their safety, and their home addresses had been shared online by Byrd's family members. Byrd has said she doesn't know what the'safety issues' were and that she 'never said anything about cleaning house'
Bill Gates, a failed vegetarian, says the world's demand for meat can be met with'moderation and innovation' He says some of the environmental impacts of meat farming have been overstated. Global demand for beef is expected to soar to 181 million tonnes by 2050. But Mr Gates says that it should be possible to meet this as some of the environmental impacts of meat farming are overstated.
Vestiaire Collective is selling a pink Hermes Birkin bag for £140,000. The rare tote is so rare it can't even be brought in store. Victoria Beckham reportedly owns a collection worth £1.5m.
Mary Doyle Keefe, the telephone operator who inspired millions, passed away on Tuesday after a brief illness. Mary became the poster girl for American women when she shot to fame by posing for Norman Rockwell's iconic painting.
European Parliament is set to vote to close current loophole for alcoholic drinks. Producers are not obliged to reveal nutritional value of their products. Wine producers fear a fall in sales if consumers know the calorie count. They say introduction of nutritional labelling would lead to a rise in production costs.
Paul Armstrong, 26, flew to Cyprus with four friends to celebrate new job. But he was stopped at airport with stun gun, baton and knuckle duster in luggage. Stun gun was capable of'startle and repel', Newcastle Crown Court heard. Armstrong pleaded guilty to possession of a firearm and two offensive weapons. Sentenced to eight months imprisonment, suspended for two years, with £2,000 costs.
David Cameron repeatedly interrupted while being interviewed on Radio 1. Host Chris Smith accused of being hostile towards the Conservative leader. Twitter users branded the programme 'leftist hostility' and 'appalling'
Adam Gadahn, a former Little Leaguer who grew up to become a spokesman for Osama bin Laden, was born in 1978 in Oregon as Adam Pearlman. He converted to Islam at the age of 17 and joined al-Qaida as a propagandist. U.S. authorities filed treason charges against him in 2006 and had offered a $1 million reward for information leading to his arrest or conviction. He was killed during a drone strikes by US forces in January.
Letters were sent by authorities to the prosecutors of all 10 death row prisoners, which includes Sukumaran, ordering them to prepare the executions. The Indonesian Attorney-General’s spokesman also indicated that of the 10 death row prisoners only one legal matter was now outstanding. News of the letters will be a huge setback for Chan and Sukumaran and their families and lawyers, who had hoped they would be granted another legal challenge.
Chancellor warns of a 'dangerous cocktail' if Labour fails to win majority. He claims it would spark a 'constitutional crisis' if SNP hold balance of power. Comes after Alex Salmond boasted he would write Labour's budget.
William Hilton Paul, 22, crashed into a parked car in Lexington, Kentucky, at 11.24am on Sunday. Witnesses said Paul was'revving his engine' while sitting alone in the truck. Paul failed a field sobriety test but was not arrested. He was treated at the University of Kentucky hospital for minor injuries to his face.
Study by Lancashire's Edge Hill University found link between anxiety and performance. Pupils who worry about their exam performance are more likely to do badly. Principal at Burlington Danes Academy in West London shares his tips.
Channel 4 will shut down for 12 hours on election day to encourage youngsters to vote. Shows like The Big Bang Theory and How I Met Your Mother will be taken off air. A specially-produced advert will be shown telling viewers to go to the polls. E4 is the most popular channel for younger viewers, reaching 8.7 million 16-34 year olds every month. Channel 4 will also run a special advertising campaign encouraging youngsters to vote.
Two suspected Australian terrorists have been arrested in Turkey. They were caught trying to sneak into Syria to join the Islamic State. It happened a day after Turkey agreed to a new extradition treaty and an intelligence-sharing agreement with Australia.
Patients are being put at risk because paramedics are leaving firemen to deal with 999 calls, healthcare leaders warn. Many firemen have not been trained in basic first aid – yet they are being left to care for seriously ill elderly patients for hours while they wait for an ambulance. The Fire Brigades Union say the practice is irresponsible and dangerous.
Dr Arfon Williams is the only doctor available across two rural practices. His partner and colleague of 20 years retired at the end of March. Surgery has been unable to attract a replacement and is currently functioning with a skeleton service, Dr Williams said. He said: 'The system is broken. Anyone who denies this simply does not understand'
Second eruption from Calbuco volcano in southern Chile has covered nearby towns and villages in a thick layer of ash. First eruption in over four decades yesterday sent vast clouds of dust more than six miles into the air. Second eruption today heightened fears of local waters becoming contaminated, residents developing breathing problems and more flights being grounded. Ash covered cars and houses in cities as far as 18 miles away from the source of the eruption as another massive evacuation effort gets underway.
Aerostar plane approached the Aero Acres residential airpark in Florida. Despite the fact the Aerostar plane travels at speed, its descent appears normal until the video maker makes a startling observation. He states that the landing gear has not been deployed and at that very moment the plane touches down with a bump and scratches along the tarmac. Suddenly the pilot re-engages the engines and rather unceremoniously takes off back into the air.
Chinese motorist seen on CCTV hauling a van with his tiny three-wheel scooter. The unusual scene was captured in Yangzhou city, Jiangsu Province. The driver has not been tracked down as the police cannot clearly see his plate.
Michael Hanline, 69, was convicted of murder for the fatal shooting of J.T. McGarr. But more than three decades after he was incarcerated, it emerged that crucial DNA analysis and investigative reports were withheld from his original trial. The new evidence proved that Hanline was innocent and the longest-serving wrongfully imprisoned inmate in Californian history was finally released last November.
Justine Jones claims she was left covered in angry red welts after drinking wine. The 44-year-old had bought the Tesco Finest Garnacha wine for daughter's birthday. She was left covered in huge sores and in agony after opening the bottle. Despite the bottle being sealed, the family were shocked when they inspected it further and found it contained a clear liquid which smelt of bleach.
Navinder Singh Sarao, 36, is accused of making £26million from illegal trades. He allegedly triggered the Wall Street 'Flash Crash' of May 6, 2010. Analysts are bewildered that it's taken this long for action to be taken.
EU regulations require fish to be treated with homeopathic remedies. Farmers must use substances from plants, animals or minerals before homeopathy. British and Norwegian vets have called the directive'scientifically illiterate' Use of homeopathy could lead to'serious animal health and welfare detriment'
Crawley-based Acro Aircraft Seating recently unveiled the design for its new premium economy seat. It features hand-stitched leather armrests, an aluminium chassis and composite materials. Thompson Aero Seating has come up with a way to make the middle seat a less punishing experience.
The Duchess of Cambridge's inner circle is set to be key to her second grandchild's life. Pippa Middleton, Carole Middleton and Emilia Jardine-Paterson are among those on standby to help Kate when the baby is born.
Robert Durst, 72, has been absolved of state gun charges in Louisiana. Ruling clears the way for federal proceedings on similar charges in New Orleans. Local lawyers believe he can win and he will now face murder trial in California. He was arrested in March the day before finale of his HBO docu-series.
A staff member in U.S. Rep. Mike Doyle's Washington D.C. office opened a letter containing a grainy white substance and immediately alerted Capitol police. The tests of the substance came back negative and the quarantine of Room 239 of the Cannon House Office building was removed at 3:37 p.m. on Wednesday. The white substance was cause for concern after powdered anthrax was mailed to members of congress in 2001 following the September 11 attacks.
Study claims these 'taxibots' could cut the number of cars needed to perform the same number of journeys per day by 90%. Finding comes amid reports that companies such as Google and Uber are working on technology to develop driverless taxis. Study simulated how self-driving, communal cabs would affect traffic. Even with only one passenger per ride, number of cars still dropped by 77%.
Barry Beavis, 48, was fined £85 for running a few minutes late in a parking space. He had parked at Riverside Retail Park in Chelmsford, Essex, in April 2013. The site offers two free hours of parking but Mr Beavis overstayed by 56 minutes. He launched a legal bid to overturn the fine, saying it was unfair. But appeal court judges said the fine was neither 'extravagant or unconscionable'
Prime Minister looked exhausted as he stepped off the sleeper train at Penzance. He was wearing jeans, dark blue shirt, dark shoes and a navy jacket. Mr Cameron said he 'always manages to portray a calm smoothness' But he is still trailing Ed Miliband's Labour Party nationally.
To celebrate the 25th anniversary of the Hubble Space Telescope, Nasa has released an image of a fantastic tapestry of stars. The image shows a giant distant cluster of about 3,000 stars called Westerlund 2 inside a stellar 'breeding ground' called Gum 29, 20,000 light-years from Earth. In the image massive young stars can be seen feeding a nearby region with the fuel it needs to form new stars. Hubble was launched on 24 April 1990 aboard Space Shuttle Discovery.
David Cameron said he knows that when it comes to immigration, 'fears and worries' remain. He said under the Conservatives, two-thirds of UK's job growth now benefits British citizens.
Ana Figueroa, 55, has spoken out for the first time since her son Nicholas, 23, died in a gas explosion on New York City's Second Avenue last month. The former model and recent college graduate was paying the bill on a blind date at a sushi bar when three buildings were destroyed. Mrs Figueroa said that she has not received a call from Mayor Bill de Blasio or utility company Con Edison with condolences following their loss.
Bikram yoga involves performing 26 poses in a room heated to 40C (105F) Researchers at the University of Wisconsin-La Crosse monitored the heart rate and body temperature of 20 volunteers who regularly took part in the practice. Body temperature steadily increased throughout the 90-minute class, in both men and women. A male participant recorded the highest core temperature of 40C (104F), while seven volunteers' temperature reached 39C (103F)
Belle Gibson sensationally admitted that her terminal brain cancer diagnosis was a lie in an interview with the Australian Women's Weekly. Leading psychologist Jo Lamble says that Gibson could be displaying signs of both a narcissism disorder and anti-social personality disorder. Lack of remorse is a common trait seen in those with anti-social personalities, says Lamble. She says our social media culture is fuelling unhealthy expectations for young girls.
Astronomers say descriptions of Paul's experience match accounts of the fireball that streaked across the sky above Chelyabinsk in Russia in 2013. The meteor created a bright light and noise that may have been similar to those experienced by Paul the Apostle in 30 AD, claims Dr William Hartmann.
Matt Dunford, 30, ordered to carry out 120 hours unpaid work for harassment. Fitness fanatic bombarded Brazilian model Amanda Branco with calls and texts. Tried to blackmail her out of £5,000 after their six-month relationship broke down. Set up fake escort website profile and sent it to her mother and sister. Found guilty of two counts of harassment without violence in his absence.
Amelia Morton, 23, from Birmingham, weighed 12 and a half stone. Trainee teacher put on more than three stone in her first few months of university. She spent almost £1,000 on food in her first term alone. Now a consultant herself, Amelia is helping other people lose weight.
Theresa Dybalski, a retired insurance company from Lackawanna, New York, won $1million off of a $5 scratch-off lottery ticket. The ticket was given to her by a friend during a lunch celebrating Dybalski's birthday. The friend has since died, so Dybalski plans to share her winnings with the friend's family.
Fish and chips is partly Portuguese and partly Belgian. Polo originated in Persia or amongst the Iranian tribes of Central Asia. The tea bag was accidentally invented by a New York tea merchant.
Graeme Whipps captured this image of the Lyrid meteor shower in the skies above Pitcaple in Aberdeenshire. The annual celestial event has been observed for the last 2,700 years across the globe, but is most visible in the northern hemisphere. The peak of the Lyrid shower, which occurs tonight, is expected to produce between 10 and 20 meteors an hour.
Figures from Catholic Church show number of women taking Holy Vows trebled from 15 in 2009 to 45 last year. From a low of seven in 2004, the figure has been rising for the past decade. Theodora Hawksley, 29, was until recently a post-doctoral researcher in theology at the University of Edinburgh.
Stacey Tipler, 33, used her job to steal £642,000 from the Royal Marsden NHS Trust. She and partner Scott Chaplin, 34, who was the ringleader of the plot, were caught and both jailed last summer. At the proceeds of crime hearing, Judge Anthony Leonard QC said Tipler had made £54,852 from the scheme. He ordered her to repay £28,737.90 within six months or spend another 18 months in jail. Chaplin claimed he'made nothing' from the scam but was ordered to repay £115,000 form the £310,000 the judge said he made.
45 per cent of Britons have lied about their earnings, spending and credit cards. 41 per cent said they were in the dark about their partner's finances. 10 per cent had understated their salary, four per cent had overstated it and another four per cent admitted to lying in both ways.
Robert Bates, 73, pleaded not guilty to second-degree manslaughter. Eric Harris, 44, was shot dead by Bates during botched sting on April 2. Bates claims he was unaware he had pulled out his gun instead of Taser. Tulsa County Sheriff's Office concluded Bates had received special treatment during training and while working as a reserve deputy in 2009.
South Yorkshire Police did not use 'alternative strategies' to protect victims. Force also failed to work effectively with local licencing and community safety officers. Review was launched in the wake of the damning Jay report into abuse.
Tomlinson appears to be sitting next to a plastic tub containing a dry, green weed-like substance and rolling paper. That same day Tomlinson, 23, was photographed returning to his London hotel in a disheveled state clutching a glass of water. It is the latest blow to the boy band just one month after Zayn Malik announced his decision to quit.
The meteor shower, visible around the world but best seen from Europe, peaked overnight with between ten and 20 an hour. The cosmic show will continue on into Saturday, so it is still possible to catch a glimpse of some meteors if you didn't last night. Nick Watson captured an amazing picture of the meteor over Lindisfarne Castle on Holy Island in Northumberland. John Phelan also took a series of meteor shots at Porthcurno Beach in Cornwall in the early hours of this morning.
The teacher, who had not been named, was teaching the fifth grade at Hawthorne Elementary in Albuquerque, New Mexico. Some students were so distressed by what they heard, that they immediately went to the school office to report the teacher. Mother Margie Brooks, whose son was in the class, told the local station that she was horrified by what the teacher told the students.
Candlestick Park, the home of the San Francisco Giants and San Francisco 49ers, has been torn down. The iconic sports field, completed in 1960, has been torn down to make way for houses, a hotel and a shopping center. While Candlestick began as the home of the Giants, it also became home to the 49ers beginning in 1971. It had previously served as the home field for the Oakland Raiders for part of the 1960 and all of the 1961 season, but it was the 49ers who truly made their mark. In their 43 seasons at candlestick, no player was bigger to the organization than Joe Montana
Care staff say they are increasingly asked to perform tasks previously only carried out by nurses. These include changing catheter and colostomy bags and feeding through tube. Survey of 1,000 workers employed by councils and private firms by Unison.
Janet and John Brennan bought Barholm Castle in Dumfries and Galloway in 1997. The 600-year-old fortress was a shell of crumbling stone walls. It took two years to complete the purchase, four years to get planning permission and three years of restoration. The couple have now put the castle on the market for £695,000. Mrs Brennan says the restoration project was a 'labour of love' and they have 'no regrets'
Fascinating photographs show female soldiers and fighter pilots in action around the world. One image shows fighters from the Sawt al-Haq (Voice of Rights) battalion of the Free Syrian army undergoing military training in Aleppo. Another shows female North Korean soldiers patrolling along the banks of Yalu River, near the town of Sinuiju.
Attorneys for the family said in a statement Wednesday night that the wrongful death lawsuit would be filed Thursday. Brown's shooting led to sometimes-violent protests and spawned a national 'Black Lives Matter' movement calling for changes in how police deal with minorities.
Ilha de Mana boasts a main residence with a dining room, fully-fitted kitchen and two living rooms for entertaining. Located off the Costa Verde, between Rio de Janeiro and Sao Paulo, the private island boasts stunning surroundings. 15-acre outcrop shaped like a tortoise shell, has a solar-powered main residence with a dining room, fully-fitted kitchen and two living rooms.
Grant Shapps was accused of doctoring his own online biography. Senior Wikipedia administrator Richard Symonds investigated the claims. Symonds is one of the UK's top lapsed administrators for the website. He once described himself as 'Liberal Democrat (to the last)'
Multi-millionaire Richard Harpin has given the Tories £375,000 since 2008. Includes £50,000 in the first week of the election campaign, official records show. Mr Harpin is the chief executive of HomeServe – the maintenance firm. Firm was handed a record £30million fine last year for mis-selling home insurance.
Clinical psychologist Ramani Durvasula says that shopping at IKEA can cause serious friction between couples. She says that the more complicated the IKEA buy, the more likely your new buy will leave you and your partner at odds.
SBS news reporter Ellie Laing has hit back at claims she was hired for her looks over her brains. Laing was hired by News and Current Affairs Director of SBS, Jim Carroll. He was reported to be hiring 'good-looking, female, Anglo-Celtic' journalists. Laing says she was hired for passion, not because she'scrubs up alright'
Willa Junior is the baggage handler who caused an emergency landing when he woke up inside the cargo hold of a plane earlier this month. Junior says he was exhausted and dozed off while loading a plane at Seattle-Tacoma Airport on April 13 and woke up when a piece of luggage landed on his head. The airport worker, who appears to be in his early 20s according to Facebook, wouldn't explain how he had the time to take a nap on the plane. Junior's cries for help were so loud that passengers and crew members heard and the plane was turned around after just 14 minutes in the
Sgt. Julian McDonald of Columbus, Ohio has welcomed a 4-year-old Belgian Malinois named Layka into his home after she protected him in Afghanistan in 2012. Layka was on her eighth overseas military tour with Sgt. McDonald when she was shot four times at point blank range by an enemy fighter armed with an AK-47.
Bruce Cook has been warned by police that he may face serious charges if he doesn't take down his 'offensive' hay bale structure. The sculpture, made out of bales of compressed grass, depicts the obscene intimacy between a cow and a bull. The 59-year-old owns Kaktus Point Charolais stud at Lake Charm in northwest Victoria. He put up the structure on Good Friday for 'a bit of fun'
Researchers found a way to intercept a person's biometric data after it is captured by a built-in scanner, but before it becomes encrypted. Tao Wei and Yulong Zhang from security firm FireEye are expected to discuss their findings at this week's RSA conference in San Francisco. They said the flaw lies in older versions of the Android operating system, up to and including Android 4.4. Anyone running Android 5.0 or above are not at risk and the security experts are advising people on older models to update as soon as possible.
Animal became trapped in the quagmire during the night in southern China. More than 20 villagers and police officers teamed together to free the wild Asian elephant before she died of starvation, dehydration or exhaustion.
One of the fans sought by investigators has come forward. He was located after an appeal was launched to identify fans who tended to the wounded at the 1989 disaster. Photographs show men and women rushing towards those crushed. They form part of an ongoing Home Office inquiry into the disaster.
Jade and Aaron Badland got married in Malta last year and held reception in Audley End, Essex. Afterwards they were staying at Premier Inn at Stansted Airport. Couple asked an Asian family if they had Ebola and assaulted hotel worker. Mr Badland, 24, was wearing his Army uniform during the drunken attack. Mrs Badland, 29, was also found guilty of racially aggravated harassment.
Researchers at the University of Bath and Yale University created the invention. It uses a molecular catalyst to split water in an electrolyser and create clean and storable hydrogen fuel. The main problem with the production of hydrogen through a process known as water electrolysis was the waste oxygen it produces. With the new breakthrough, it could be possible to make it more easily. This technology could store energy as hydrogen, which can then be used on demand.
Patrick Revins, 49, sold £10-worth of Class A drug to undercover officer. Detective was easily able to identify who sold him the drugs. Revins has 'P' and 'R' tattooed on either side of his forehead. He admitted one count of supplying heroin and was sentenced to 12 months.
Kate, 22, lives by the ABC rule: No alcohol, bread or processed carbohydrates. Go through a 48-hour juice cleanse before every big film scene of photo shoot. Only eats blueberries, blackberries, strawberries, kiwis and apples.
Labour received £1.1million in donations between April 6 and April 12. More than twice as much as the Conservative party which received just £492,512. Most of the Tory cash came from wealthy individuals, who handed over £460,000. The Liberal Democrats, meanwhile, were given just £50,000 and Ukip £8,000.
Anne Jarmain's body was found at 7pm on Wednesday night. The 86-year-old went missing on Wednesday morning. Her body was recovered 10 hours after her car was pulled off the road. She was trying to cross a flooded road when her car was swept away. Ms Jarmain was a great-grandmother who loved bowls and going out for milk. NSW Premier Mike Baird says it will be a long time before storm-battered victims are back on their feet.
David Cameron used a selfie stick for the first time during a visit to Cornwall. He toured Pirate FM during a visit to lay out Conservative plans for the southwest. Mr Cameron was presented with a Cornish t-shirts emblazoned 'If You Can Smell My Pasty, You're Too Close'
Julie Ronayne was left 'looking like Michelin man' following botched surgery. Husband Edward was awarded £9,000 after claiming he suffered psychiatric injury. Test case could have huge financial consequences for the NHS. NHS is fighting to overturn the payout, fearing it could have disastrous consequences for the organisation.
Nicole P. Eramo said in an open letter Wednesday to the magazine's publisher, Jann S. Wenner, that the magazine has not done enough to make amends. The magazine retracted an article about sexual violence at U.Va. after the Columbia University Graduate School of Journalism issued a scathing report this month concluding Rolling Stone had failed to meet journalistic standards.
Fifi M. Maacaron, 36, is a pharmacist and natural skincare expert. Her book, Natural Beauty Alchemy, contains more than 100 recipes. She believes natural products are superior to store-bought products.
The bum rush on the non-profit came about after a report cast a new shadow over the charity's fundraising practices while Hillary Clinton served as the United State's chief diplomat. A Reuters investigation that revealed the Bill, Hillary and Chelsea Clinton Foundation had misreported millions of dollars in donations from foreign nations led the global charity to announce that it would refile more than five years of tax documents. The agreement is not known to have put restraints on Mr. Clinton's ability to collect paychecks from foreign actors.
Officer Ben Johnson was called to a Red Rock, Texas, strip mall on Tuesday. He found Viviana Keith, 27, who was allegedly drunk. She was walking toward her car and he began handcuffing her. He claims she started resisting him, so he took her down. Video taken on his cash cam and by a person in a nearby shop appear to show a different story. Keith is charged with DWI with a child younger than 15 and interfering with pubic duties. Round Rock Police Chief Allen Banks says he believes Johnson acted within his rights.
Tiffany Williams and Jessica Versey became close friends during treatment. Took to social media to post images of themselves - including one of Miss Williams's bald head and another of Miss Versey's chest scar. But these were reported for being 'offensive' by someone on Facebook. Miss Williams was cleared of Hodgkin lymphoma earlier this month. She regularly documented her struggle with losing hair during chemotherapy.
Stephen Munden, 54, has been missing since 6.15pm on Tuesday. He was last seen leaving a hospital, near Hook, Hampshire. Munden was convicted of sexually touching a child under the age of 13. Court heard he sat near a three-year-old girl and stroked her hand.
Australian PM Tony Abbott has said his country's immigration controls have been strengthened. It has emerged that asylum seekers are rejected on board naval warships at sea before being returned immediately. Italian PM Matteo Renzi said his country was ‘at war’ with migrant traffickers.
Bahar Mustafa, 27, is a welfare and diversity officer at Goldsmiths University. She organised a meeting to discuss 'diversifying the curriculum' But she banned men and white people from attending in a Facebook post. She said: 'Don't worry lads we will give you and allies things to do' Union backed down after a fierce backlash on social media.
President Barack Obama welcomed the Super Bowl champion New England Patriots to the White House on Thursday. Obama joked that he was worried '11 out of 12' of the team's footballs would fall flat. Head coach Bill Belichick groaned and gave the president a thumbs down.
Bizarre pictures show Maria Sidorova and Lidia Fetisova hugging and kissing the 650kg bear, named Stephen. Organisers wanted to highlight the importance of living'side-by-side' with bears and to discourage hunting. But in one picture, a model was shown wearing a fur coat - although it is not clear whether the fur is real.
The move comes after Federal Communications Commission decided that merger wasn't in the public interest. Net neutrality activists and content providers like Disney and 21st Century Fox were against the deal. Announcement from the telecoms giant could come as early as tomorrow.
Haneda Airport in Tokyo, Japan, is the most expensive airport for landing fees. Other surprising places to make the top 10 are Darwin, Australia, and Bristol, the only British airport in the top 10. The Monaco Grand Prix and the Super Bowl are the busiest weekends for private jet travel.
Carriers of the BRCA1 gene have a 70% risk of developing breast cancer. If diagnosed, they face a severe threat of ovarian tumours. Canadian researchers found having their ovaries removed can cut their risk of dying from the disease by more than 60%. Hollywood star Angelina Jolie had the procedure in March this year.
John Winkler and Laura Martinez consider themselves adoptive grandparents of 2-year-old Adrian Langlais, the son of his girlfriend Jessica Langlais. Winkler and Martinez first met Langlais in late 2012, when she started dating Martinez's son with former boyfriend Ulises Hererra. When she gave birth three months later, Winkler and Martinez considered Adrian their grandson and started babysitting when his mother went back to work. Eventually, they reported Adrian's injuries to Child Protective Services, but the agency closed the investigation in February, ruling out abuse from Adrian's parents or Tyrrell. A little over a month later, Adrian was dead
Charlene Fritz, 35, was visiting Snow Hill Island in the Antarctic Peninsula. Baby elephant seal is thought to have been no more than two months old. At 200lbs, Ms Fritz struggled to sit upright under the weight of the pup.
The free app is currently in testing and is only available on Android devices in the US. It pulls in any publicly-shared data from a user's Facebook profile. When a user receives a call, Hello shows them info about who’s calling, even if they don’t have that number saved. Hello also makes it easier to block unwanted calls and see which numbers have been blocked from other users. The app is expected to roll out to other regions and devices if testing is successful.
A Russian scientist says the distant ancestor of humans had tentacles. They lived more than 540 million years ago and used them for food. It's likely they also had a complex nervous system like we do today. Dr Elena Temereva came to her conclusion by studying the 'living fossil' Lingula anatina.
Fashion designer Collette Dinnigan has put her Paddington home on the market for $6 million. The four-bedroom 19th century sandstone property cost Dinnigan $4.45 million back in 2009. The two-storey terrace home was built in 1880, and is set on 379 square metres of prime Paddington real estate. This comes as Dinnigan sold her multi-million dollar Palm Beach home last year and earlier closed all of her boutiques.
New book claims King Juan-Carlos had a long-running affair with a German socialite during the final decade of his reign. Royal couple kept any worries about the allegations under wraps during visit. Felipe, 47, took the Spanish throne last June and has been trying to change public perception of the monarchy.
The Grade I listed Walton Canonry has been home to prominent figures of the church and the arts for nearly 300 years. It boasts a view of the River Avon, backing onto the meadow where John Constable took studies for his 1831 painting of the cathedral. The property agents say they'll need to find someone with deep pockets to buy the 8,147 square foot mansion with 1.6 acres.
London Mayor pressed on leadership ambitions by Kay Burley. He insisted position would not become vacant for five years. But he finally conceded: 'It would be a wonderful thing to be considered' Mr Johnson, running to become MP, has long been tipped as a future leader.
Nexus for Exoplanet System Science (Nexss) will include scientists from 10 universities including Stanford, the University of California and Yale. Aim is to find out if any of the planets discovered outside our solar system are habitable. The announcement comes just weeks after Nasa's top scientist predicted we could be on the verge of finding life on one of them.
The video was filmed at an undisclosed location in China. The elderly man knocked the woman's phone out of her hand. He then accidentally bumped into her shoulder, causing the screen to break.
Bethune-Cookman University student Damian Parks, 22, drowned in Daytona Beach on Sunday after going for a swim with friends at 3am. He was pulled out to see by a strong current and his body was later found on Monday morning. Students who were with Parks, who were all part of a step team called Melodic Stepping Experience, said no hazing was involved. But university administration 'heard rumors' that hazing was involved. Volusia County Beach Safety Ocean Rescue is investigating the student's death.
The Variety Theater in Cleveland was once a buzzing music venue but was closed down after a Motorhead gig in 1984. The power was cut off to stop the band from playing and two years later a judge ordered the theater to be sealed off for good. Thirty years later, a photographer has captured a collection of eery images offering a fascinating glimpse into music history.
Len McCluskey boasted that the trade union movement 'owns' Labour. The Unite boss said the party 'built it, to serve us, the people' Comes after Alex Salmond boasted he would be writing Labour's budget.
The pilot scheme is launching in Munich next month. Amazon has teamed up with Audi and DHL to run the initiative. Prime customers selected for the trial will be given the option to pinpoint the location of their car on a map in delivery options. Once ordered, a DHL delivery driver will receive a temporary digital access code. This code gives the driver keyless access to the locker of the car up until the delivery is made. As soon as the boot is closed the vehicle is locked automatically, and the code is revoked.
ABC released a fourth promo video on Thursday on the eve of Bruce Jenner's sitdown interview with Diane Sawyer airing on Friday. The 30-second clip opens with the 65-year-old former decathlete greeting Sawyer at his home. Bruce - the ex-husband of Kardashian matriarch Kris Jenner - appears somewhat anxious as he tells the Sawyer: 'It's going to be an emotional rollercoaster, but somehow I'm gonna get through it' ABC has kept a tight lid on Friday's much talked about broadcast, only releasing a couple of non specific quotes from Bruce.
SNP leader said her predecessor Alex Salmond did not have to field questions on why he has not started a family. Ms Sturgeon insisted she was not'moaning' but also attacked the criticism she and other female politicians' have had to endure over their appearance. She also reveals her low-brow TV viewing habits, love of steak and chips and recent image makeover.
There were 3,700 women who served in the Nazi death camps during the Second World War. But only three have been investigated by prosecutors in Germany for their roles as accomplices to mass murder. They are all too old and frail to be tried in court.
Campaigning group GetUp launched The Gender Price Gap website last week. Members and everyday consumers have identified nine separate products that have identical female versions which cost more. Bonds has been identified as one of the main culprits, advertising a button-up shirt, that comes in both'summer blue' and 'blue denim' colour options, for $59.95. The exact same shirt advertised under the men's clothing section is advertised for only $49.95.
Ravi Beefnah plastered £35,000 Audi A5 with slogans and parked it outside dealership. 34-year-old says he parked it there as warning to other buyers of car. He claims Audi have failed to resolve long-running complaint about engine. Car uses 1 litre of oil every 250 miles when he fills it up, he says. Audi admits there was a problem with some of the engines and has offered to fix cars with the issue free of charge.
Voters are still in the dark about the scale and depth of spending cuts. None of the major parties have given 'anything like full details', IFS says. Tories accused of giving 'no detail' about deficit reduction plan. Labour has left the door open to borrowing an extra £26billion-a-year.
Stefania La Greca is running for local elections in southern Italy in May. The 36-year-old has posted dozens of pictures of herself in skimpy bikinis. The Lega Sud Ausonia party candidate has denied using her looks to get votes. She said: 'I have not posted intimate photographs. The bikini? And what woman does not wear it?' On her Facebook page, where she refers to her self as 'Divine', she has posted numerous pouting selfies and pictures of her in swimwear.
Omar Hussain, 27, posts videos online under the name Abu Sa'eed Al-Britani. He has complained about fellow jihadis who leave their posts then boasting on social media about their bravery. Last month he complained about peeling potatoes and his troubles with washing his clothes. He has now cautioned'sisters' to choose wisely when searching for a spouse among ISIS fighters.
Andrew Stewart Wood, of Havant, Hampshire, was accused of urinating into the ice machine at the Hard Rock Hotel in the Universal theme park resort. A guest reportedly told a security guard that there was a very intoxicated man on the premises. When he tried to stop him, Wood became belligerent, began shouting and would not cooperate. He was arrested on disorderly conduct charges and placed in jail.
Nicole Mayhew had gone to work leaving her husband Scott working on his car in their garage in Saratoga Springs, Utah. While she was gone, the 43-year-old was seriously injured when the heavy vehicle after the fell off its jack - crushing his chest. Meanwhile Mrs Mayhew, was at work, began to get a strange feeling she urgently needed to see her husband. Trusting her intuition, she rushed home to find the father-of-five stuck underneath the car.
Karlis Bardelis, 30, from Latvia, was attempting to scale the cliff in Coire an Lochain, Scotland, when the accident happened. Footage from a camera mounted to his helmet shows the very second that his climbing axe came loose.
Foreskin facials are the latest unconventional beauty treatment. Uses stem cell from an infant's foreskin. Costs around $150 (£100) and is currently available in New York.
Ali Maffucci, 28, lost 11 kg in three months through replacing pasta, bread and rice with spirazlied vegetables. For every meal, she substituted spiralized vegetables for bread, pasta, rice and potatoes. She used the spiralizer to create nutritious, very low-calorie, low-carb ‘pasta’, ‘noodles’ and ‘rice’ from everyday fruit and vegetables. Now, Ms Maffucci weighs 10 stone, is a size 8/10 and is working on toning instead of losing weight.
The wife of paedophile Maurice Van Ryn has had her letterbox fire-bombed and received several threatening calls. The father of one of Van Ryn's victims has also been seen in her backyard. Van Ryn pleaded guilty last year to abusing 10 boys and girls, aged eight to 16, over the previous decade. He will remain behind bars and will be sentenced on June 17.
Meghan Blalock is the Managing Editor of Los Angeles-based style website Who What Wear. The 29-year-old describes being 'pretty much every size you can imagine'
Rhiannon Taylor, 29, from Australia has turned her photography skills and penchant for globetrotting into a business. The avid Instagrammer has turned her social media success into a growing company. She writes about everything form the best pies to the biggest beds and has travelled the world.
The 28-year-old Girls star wrote an essay for Seventeen titled ‘Why I'm on Team Weirdo For Life’ She recalled the regrettable moment when she yielded to the pressure to be a'regular' girl by altering her appearance.
American photographer John Moore's poignant images won the top prize at the Sony World Photography Awards. They were praised for compassionately illustrating how people's daily lives were destroyed by the deadly disease. The awards attracted a record-breaking number of entries, with 173,444 images submitted from 171 countries.
James Creag, 11, suffers from the condition Erythropoietic Protoporphyria. His skin is more sensitive to longer ultraviolet wavelengths (UVA) than visible light. He was given Dundee Reflective Sunscreen, a thick brown paste. But when strangers shouted abuse such as 'chocolate face' and 'you're coloured' because of his appearance, he refused to wear it any more.
Australian celebrity chef Pete Evans is under attack again with experts warning his'reworked' baby milk formula is dangerous to babies. Dietitians have singled out a 'happy tummy brew' in Evans' cookbook, Bubba Yum Yum: The Paleo Way, for New Mums, Babies and Toddlers. The original recipe for the 'brew' contained more than 10 times the maximum daily intake of vitamin A for babies.
France recently passed a law that bars models from walking the runway if their body mass index is deemed too low. Agencies who employ 'too-thin' models face large fines and even jail time under the new French law. Former model Jennifer Sky, 38, from Brooklyn, New York, has revealed in an op-ed that the fashion industry has already found a way around the regulations.
Tories on 36%, Labour 32%, Ukip 10%, Lib Dems 8%, Greens 5% in ComRes poll. One in five voters still not sure which party they will back on May 7. Men more inclined to consider voting for Conservatives than women.
Archaeologists have found evidence that Neanderthals regularly inhabited the Cave of Llenes, near Senterada in Catalonia. The remains of other canivores including cave bears, hyenas, leopards, wolves and badgers have been found in the cave. It is hoped the discoveries will help scientists learn more about Neanderthal behaviour and their relationship with the animals they co-existed with.
The two French tourists pleaded guilty to animal cruelty after setting fire to a quokka on Rottnest Island. The men were ordered to pay $4000 by Fremantle Magistrate's Court. They opted to serve the week long sentence in Hakea prison rather than pay the fine, as they did not have sufficient funds. The pair cost taxpayers $1810 each day they were in jail, despite the fact that the pair had saved over $12,000 between them in their working holiday employment as cleaners. Animal rights activists have claimed that the pair's punishment was too lenient for their crime.
Officers were seen running around armed with lassos as they attempted to catch the stray Shetland foal. The incident took place around 10am on Tuesday along Interstate 35W in Fort Worth, with traffic backed up as a result.
Out of 17 bingo halls tested across the country, seven showed traces of cocaine. Another had traces of crack cocaine, a more dangerous form of the drug. Findings mirror a spike in drug abuse among the elderly. 634 pensioners over 65 were treated for substance abuse last year.
In the face of an increasing number of surveys claiming to reveal what makes us most happy, Janet Street-Porter reveals her list of pet hates. Here’s her list of pet hates — which gets longer by the day!
Adele tops the list of Britain's richest musicians under the age of 30. The mother-of-one is worth a total of £50million, according to the Sunday Times. Her closest competitors are the four members of One Direction. Also on the list are Leona Lewis, Jessie J and Sam Smith.
David Petraeus, who resigned in 2012 after an affair with Paula Broadwell emerged, was sentenced to two years probation and fined $100,000 on Thursday. He had agreed to plead guilty to a misdemeanor count of unauthorized removal and retention of classified material two months ago. But he formally entered his plea during Thursday's hearing. He told the court he wanted to apologize to those closest to him 'for the pain my actions caused'
Frail and tired of leading a secret life for four decades, 66-year-old Clarence David Moore called police this week to surrender. Moore escaped from police custody three times during the 1970s and eventually settled into a quiet life, living in Kentucky since at least 2009. His health is poor from a stroke late last year and he has difficulty speaking. When Franklin County Sheriff Pat Melton showed up at Moore's house to make the 'arrest,' Moore was in a hospital bed. He broke down in tears. He told the sheriff he needed medical help. 'He looks like he's almost 90,
WARNING: GRAPHIC CONTENT. Shocking images taken in ISIS-held territory in Homs, Syria, this afternoon. Show up to four jihadis making a display of hugging and 'forgiving' two men. They then pummel them to death with hundreds of fist-sized rocks. ISIS sympathisers claim photographs reveal terrorists' compassionate side.
Chris Christie appeared on The Tonight Show Wednesday, and called out Jimmy Fallon for his weight jokes about him. Fallon then gave the New Jersey governor his favorite food - ice cream. Later in the program he hoarded a pint of ice cream for the two to share.
To mark its 10th anniversary, Natural World Safaris has launched a new series of ‘Ultimate Safari’ adventures. Divided into four areas: Primates, Bears, Big Cats and Marine Life, the safari can be taken separately. Guests will be guided across the globe on a carefully planned itinerary, taking them through Africa, Asia and the Indian Subcontinent.
Yellow speed camera had previously enforced a 30mph speed limit in Handsworth. It has not worked for two years after every single fixed device was switched off in the West Midlands. Birmingham City Council say they are aware of the camera and will take action.
14-year-old British boy remanded in custody after appearing in court today. He is accused of inciting an 18-year-old Australian to carry out 'Lee Rigby-style' attack during Anzac Day ceremony in Melbourne, Australia. He is also alleged to have encouraged the teenager to carry out another decapitation on a 'loner' in their own home. The boy from Blackburn, Lancashire, cannot be named but is thought to be the youngest person charged with Islamist-related terror offences in the UK.
At 47 stone (660lb) Bettie Jo was housebound and unable to care for herself. She lived off a diet of fried chicken and barbecue sauce. Husband Josh was her 'caretaker' and helped her go to the toilet and into the shower. But he has admitted he didn't support the 24-year-old with her bid to lose weight because he feared she wouldn't need him anymore.
Documented and undocumented immigrant population in the U.S. could reach a record high of 51million in just eight years, according to U.S. Census figures. And by 2060, immigrants could account for 82 per cent of all population growth in the country. One in seven U.S. residents will be an immigrant by 2023, the report from the Center for Immigration Studies said.
Celebrity chef Curtis Stone is in Australia to promote his new cookbook, Good Food, Good Life. Photos of Stone cooking and gardening with son Hudson feature throughout the book. Originally from Melbourne, Stone made a name for himself outside his homeland by hosting US television series Take Home Chef.
Scientists in The Netherlands were using the Lofar radio telescope. They found it could measure changes in lightning caused by cosmic rays. A storm can have hundreds of millions of volts over multiple kilometres. The method could provide a novel way to understand thunderclouds. Cosmic rays probe the thunderclouds from top to bottom. Moving at almost the speed of light they provide a near instantaneous 'picture' of the electric fields in the cloud.
Former Wisconsin sheriff's deputy Andrew Steele, 40, has been found not legally responsible in the shooting deaths of his wife and sister-in-law. Ashlee Steele, 39, and her sister, Kacee Tollefsbol, 38, were found shot to death in the couple's Fitchburg, Wisconsin, home on August 22, 2013. A day before the killings, the former deputy penned a rambling note claiming that he had had threesomes with his wife and sister-in-law. In the note, the women wanted to jump off a cruise ship together, poison themselves with carbon monoxide inside a car,
Last year UK sales overtook those of champagne for the first time. Prosecco may have found its way over here 30-odd years ago, but it was barely known beyond well-travelled wine lovers. By 2009 we were still consuming just over two million bottles a year. Five years on, that’s leapt to a massive 28 million — with most of the increase coming since 2012.
Andrew Hutchinson was convicted of 23 charges including rape and voyeurism. The 29-year-old worked at John Radcliffe Hospital Oxford between 2011 and 2013. In 2009 a student nurse reported Hutchinson for taking inappropriate photos. Hospital bosses chose not to investigate as there was not enough evidence. In 2010 another male nurse at the hospital was jailed for raping two female patients.
Identical twins share 100 per cent of their genes, meaning that until now it has been impossible to tell which sibling a sample comes from. Researchers at the University of Huddersfield have created a technique which they claim can distinguish between the genetic fingerprints of identical twins. The breakthrough may eradicate a stumbling block which has often meant it was impossible to tell which of the pair was guilty of a crime.
Prime Minister Manuel Valls said five terrorist attacks have been foiled in France since Charlie Hebdo massacre in January. 'Numerous attacks had already been foiled - five if you take into account the attack which happily did not take place at [Paris suburb] Villejuif,' he said. Comments follow arrest of Sid Ahmed Ghlam, 24, who was allegedly preparing to storm Catholic churches with an armoury of weapons. He was caught on Sunday after allegedly killing fitness instructor Aurelie Chatelain, a 33-year-old mother and fitness instructor.
Volcano Calbuco, in southern Chile, erupted suddenly at 6pm local time, sending a plume of ash and smoke into the sky. 1,500 residents from nearby town of Ensenada were forced to flee their homes as authorities set up a 12.5-mile exclusion zone around the volcano. Volcano Calbuco's last major eruption happened in 1961, with a weak eruption following in 1972.
Plus-size industry has spoken out about Jamelia's comments. Alice Dogruyol, founder of all-inclusive denim brand, Beauty in Curves. Jamelia said she was 'hounded on Twitter' after airing views on ITV show. She now says she was only referring to people larger than a size 20.
Carl Bradey suffered horrific burns to his whole body after he rescued a three-year-old girl from a raging house fire last month. The fire was started by a candle in his Palmerston North rental property. The 25-year-old smashed through a window to rescue the child of a family friend, suffering nerve damage that has left him unable to feel anything in his right arm. Bradey has undergone four major operations since the fire, including multiple skin grafts and the removal of a damaged vein.
The Clinton Foundation and the Clinton Health Access Initiative said they will be refiling multiple annual tax returns and may audit returns extending as far back as 15 years in case there have been other errors. Republican presidential candidate Ted Cruz called on the non-profit to return all of the money it received from foreign governments. For three years in a row beginning in 2010, the Clinton Foundation reported to the IRS that it received zero in funds from foreign and U.S. governments. A dramatic fall-off from the tens of millions of dollars in foreign government contributions reported in preceding years. Those entries were errors, according to the foundation
Henry Rayhons, 78, was accused of having sex with his wife Donna Lou Rayhons. He was accused of having sex with her at her nursing home despite being told she no longer had the capacity to decide for herself. Mr Rayhons argued that on the night in question he and his wife had been affectionate but had not had any sexual contact. Court heard that medical tests could not conclusively prove Mrs Rayhons had recently had sex and that the allegations were made by another patient in a bed nearby. Had he been found guilty he could have faced up to ten years in prison.
DJ Pete Tong will host a late-night dance party at Royal Albert Hall. He will pay tribute to Ibiza's 'intelliquitous, energetic brand of club music' The DJ's selection is the latest bizarre choice for the Proms, which has been accused of 'dumbing down' in recent years.
The study identified 17 areas in the central and eastern US with increased rates of induced seismicity. Since 2000, several of these areas have experienced high levels of seismicity. Researchers say there have been'substantial increases since 2009 that continue today' They said the spike in seismic activity was largely down to the oil and gas industry injecting wastewater deep underground, which can activate dormant faults.
Alison Saunders said she was 'not afraid' of a legal challenge over her decision. She is convinced the Labour peer is not fit to plead because of his dementia. Victims and MPs have accused her of damaging public confidence in justice system. But Mrs Saunders said: 'My job is not to be populist. It's not to make decisions on the basis of what people want'
Deputy finance minister Dimitras Mardas set alarm bells ringing yesterday. He said the country had been 'running on empty' since February. Debt repayment deadline looming on May 1 and 200m payment due. EU leaders fear left-wing Syriza government will choose its workers.
Jake Malone, 60, met a woman called 'RiLi' on a social website 11 months ago. She contacted him after becoming divorced and he decided to pay her a visit - but after turning up at her company's address, he discovered the office had been closed for years. An infatuated Mr Malone, who fell in love with 'RiLi' from a photo she sent him, now wanders the streets of the city with a sign bearing her picture attached to his torso.
Anika Stanford arrived at Leeton Police Station on Thursday morning. She was taken back to the home she shared with her son, Vincent, and another son, Luke. Ms Stanford is believed to have given police information which led them to a road in the Cocoparra National Park, where they discovered Ms Scott's burnt remains. Vincent Stanford, 24, has been charged with the Easter Sunday murder of Ms Scott, who disappeared the weekend before her wedding to fiance Aaron Leeson-Woolley. He will next appear in Griffith Court by video link on June 4.
Alcohol regulators in Oregon, US, have approved plans for beer made from human waste. It will be made by a sewage treatment firm before being handed to microbrewers who will turn it into a tasty tipple. The scheme is proving to be highly unpopular with state residents.
Fiona 'Kitty' Carroll was at Kemah Boardwalk Marina as her father worked on his boat on Wednesday but when he checked on her 'after a brief moment', she was gone. Her bucket was found in the water but there was no sign of the girl. Dive teams searched the water for more than seven hours but found nothing.
Virtual studio DesignCrowd invited people to submit before and after graphics of some of the most well known landscapes. Nearly 100 submissions have been created, with a number of them focusing on the 300m-high Eiffel Tower. Without the Statue of Liberty to draw boats of tourists, Liberty Island looks forlorn and barren.
Darren Jones was seen stepping away from his podium seconds before show. The 28-year-old Labour candidate complained of pins and needles in his legs. Audience members rushed to help Labour candidate after he fell at their feet. Channel was forced to cut commercials as the candidate recovered on the studio floor.
Ivan Balashov was browsing through smartphones in a shop in Novokuznetsk. He took a picture of himself wearing a bobble hat and a fake Reebok top. After deciding the camera on the mobile was not good enough, he grabbed another handset and headed for the exit. But when police arrived they quickly discovered Balashov’s selfie.
Kevin Rebbie, 56, of Limerick Township, Pennsylvania, was arrested after a 15-year-old girl found a hidden camera in her bathroom. Investigators found 41 videos from the hidden camera that included footage of the girl and others while they used the bathroom. Rebbie admitted to filming several victims, including other juveniles, but had purchased the camera specifically so he could record the now-15-year-old victim while she undressed and showered.
Deborah Kane had her right eye removed three years ago in a life-saving nine-hour operation to stop the cancer spreading to her brain. The 46-year-old believes her cancer developed from getting badly burned on holiday in Lanzarote when she was 15. She also bought cheap sunglasses without proper UV protection.
Jeremy Clarkson, James May and Richard Hammond today held talks with Top Gear executive producer Andy Wilman. Hours later, it was sensationally announced he had quit the BBC. It means Mr Wilman, a childhood friend of Clarkson, is now free to reunite with the team on a rival channel. Earlier today, May ruled out returning to Top Gear without Clarkson, insisting it would be 'lame' with a new presenter in place of his sacked co-host.
Christie's Magnificent Jewels auction takes place in Geneva on May 13. Includes pink diamond worth £8million, sapphire worth £2.7million and diamond earrings with £670,000. Most important piece is the Maria Christina Royal Devant-de­Corsage brooch. It was presented as a wedding gift from King Alfonso XII of Spain in 1879.
Koby Hodder's heart stopped for 12 minutes after he collapsed in the playground. His heart suddenly stopped beating and he lost consciousness. Teachers gave him CPR until paramedics arrived and saved his life. He was fitted with a device to shock his heart back into beating if it ever stops.
East on England ambulance received 2,500 calls per day in last two years. Crew attended half of them, believing them to be genuine emergencies. Service has had to deal with 1,248 that did not need emergency help in last two years.
Lyvette Crespo, 43, allegedly shot her husband, Daniel Crespo, in September during a heated argument about his infidelity. She's now been indicted on charges of voluntary manslaughter. Mrs. Crespo claims her husband had become increasingly abusive in the months leading to his death. She says she shot him after he punched their 19-year-old son in the face after he intervened in the couple's argument.
Alejandro Bouvier of Uruguay filmed the moment another rider got scarily close to his watercraft one sunny day. Luckily the two jet skiers avoid a dangerous collision thanks to some swift steering skills.
Dr Mohammad Ali Jawad allegedly got drunk at his surgery in Marylebone. Allegedly asked Patient A to dance to Julio Iglesias music on his iPhone. Then allegedly massaged her neck and touched her breasts. He came to prominence when he led reconstructive surgery on Katie Piper. Miss Piper, 31, suffered horrific burns to her face and body in 2008.
A week after 10 doctors urged Columbia University to sever all ties with him, Dr. Oz has used his syndicated TV show to hit back. 'The 10 doctors who attacked me got what they wanted – sensational headlines and sound bites,' he said. The doctors accused him of being a 'charlatan' who promotes 'quack treatments' and as someone who 'has repeatedly shown disdain for science' A BMJ analysis of 40 random episodes of his show revealed that his recommendations were supported by evidence only 46 percent of the time.
All the land in the lower 48 states was worth a combined $23trillion in 2009. Washington DC had the greatest land value, with a staggering $1,050,000 per acre. California was the most valuable state overall at $3.9trillion while Vermont was worth only $44billion. Wyoming, with $1,560 per acre, is the cheapest place in the country to buy land.
Dutch scientist Antoni van Leeuwenhoek used his body as a guinea pig. He took three lice, nestled them among the hairs of his calf, rolled up a tight stocking so that the insects were bound to his leg and then left the stocking on. On the seventh day, he removed the stocking and counted more than 80 eggs but no young lice. He estimated two pairs of lice could generate 10,000 young in only eight weeks.
The U.S. Senate voted on Thursday to approve Loretta Lynch as President Barack Obama's next attorney general, ending a five-month deadlock. Lynch, 55, was approved by a 56-43 vote, with 10 Republicans joining with Senate Democrats to approve her. Curiously absent from the final vote was Texas Senator Ted Cruz - a key opponent of Lynch's nomination. He was the only member of the Senate who did not cast a vote. A copy of a Cruz for President invitation later began flying around Twitter that showed the GOP presidential candidate had skipped town early to make an appearance at a fundraiser at the
Cardinal Francis George was remembered Thursday as a man of deep faith, intellect and compassion. He led the nation's third-largest archdiocese and was known as a vigorous defender of Roman Catholic orthodoxy. George also didn't hesitate to speak his mind, even if it was unscripted and, at times, controversial.
Letters written in black marker pen have appeared in Milford, Surrey. One read: 'I love you do much please forgive what I said please' Another read: 'I love you do much please forgive what I said please'
The classic Anzac biscuit recipe features rolled oats, desiccated coconut, and golden syrup as the primary ingredients. FEMAIL asked well-known food authors to contribute their spin on the classic Anzac biscuit recipe, from sugar-free, to a pimped-up chocolate and macadamia version... and even a raw recipe.
Andrea Yates drowned her five children in the bathtub of their Texas home. She was said to be suffering from postpartum psychosis at the time. She was convicted of capital murder in 2002 and sentenced to life in prison. But an appeals court granted her a retrial and she was found not guilty by reason of insanity and moved to a mental health facility. Her ex-husband, Russell 'Rusty' Yates, has since remarried and has a five-year-old son.
English, Welsh and Northern Irish MPs to have no say on tax rates. Comes after Scotland was given powers to set its own rates of income tax. English MPs must be given a veto on legislation no longer applies in Scotland.
A dozen Native American extras and the cultural adviser walked off the set of Adam Sandler's new movie The Ridiculous 6 on Wednesday. One of the actors, Navajo Nation tribal member Loren Anthony, said the film was offensive to Native American women. The cultural adviser asked to speak to Sandler according to one extra, but was refused, and when that extra complained, she was told; 'It's in the script and we are not going to change it' The film stars Sandler, Taylor Lautner, Nick Nolte, Blake Shelton, David Spade and Steve Buscemi.
Brock Guzman of Fairfield, California was briefly kidnapped as he slept in his family's car while it was stolen from their driveway. His parents, Paul and Suzanne, reported the incident to police, and when they arrived at their home, Suzanne refused to let them in. Police restrained her and threw her to the ground, something Paul claims he captured on video. The couple are now filing a formal complaint against police for the way they were treated after they reported the incident.
John Hinckley Jr. has been dating a woman he met at a National Association for the Mentally Ill meeting. This was revealed by his brother Scott during a hearing to determine if Hinckley should be able to permanently live outside St. Elizabeth's Hospital in Washington. Hinckley currently splits his time between St. Elizabeth's Hospital in Washington and his mother's home in Williamsburg, Virginia.
Final De Partida, by Ana Romero, sold out within 24 hours of being published. It claims that Juan Carlos was having an affair with Corinna zu Sayn-Wittgenstein. The aristocrat is 27 years younger than the former king. The author's claims are based on 100 interviews with anonymous sources.
Social media users were left scratching their heads over some of the manipulated snaps being shared during New South Wales’ worst storm in a decade. The crocodile at the bottom of the steps in Lewisham station was merely an imaginative prank, as was a reused Photoshop snap of sharks swimming at the bottom of a train station escalator. And the video of a wave rider surfing in front of Sydney’s Opera House was nothing but a hoax – even when it started trending for a second time.
Officer Daniel Jamieson has been charged with leaking confidential information about Ben Cousins' arrest to his girlfriend. Monique Dirksz got the scoop when she was the only journalist outside Freemantle Police station at 2am on March 12 when Cousins was released on bail. The 29-year-old was stood down immediately and has been charged with four counts of disclosing official secrets. WA Police Commissioner Steve Brown is also concerned about the 112 police officers who had accessed Cousins’ confidential files 300 times in two days. Allegations will be investigated under Section 440A of the Criminal Code, which states police officers face up to 12 months in prison
Ahmed Gaddaf al-Dam says 'overwhelming chaos' in Libya is'shame' Claims countries that helped oust Gaddafi will 'burn all the fingers' William Hague defends government's role in helping overthrow dictator.
NBC journalist Jeff Rossen filmed an airport worker at LaGuardia Airport in New York doing push-ups on the runway after loading a plane. Footage shows the employee wearing his high-visibility jacket and gloves while performing the aerobic stunt.
The £80,000 sports car was crushed by a builder's lorry in Nottingham. Both were caught in traffic after a cyclist was injured on a nearby road. Police and ambulance services were rushing to the scene of the crash.
David Billing, 48, was diagnosed with mouth cancer after being unable to swallow. He had to undergo 14 hours of surgery at Royal Derby Hospital. Surgeons sawed through his jawbone and removed part of his tongue. Medics then replaced the lost tissue with muscle from his arm. The only drawback is that it still has hairs on it, and he has to return to hospital every few weeks to have it shaved.
Letters show Rupert Brooke had affairs with several women before he died. He became a semi-legendary figure thanks to his early death in 1915. Letters have been brought to light for the first time thanks to a £430,000 grant.
Mark West, 32, will serve four months prison and eight years probation after pleading guilty to having sex with a student in 2012. He had previously said the girl instigated the moment, seducing him by saying she was 'feeling horny' The girl admitted as such to police also, telling them she encouraged West to have sex. But despite the light punishment, the judge was scathing in handing down her punishment, saying that just three weeks after the incident the girl graduated, which would have made their encounter legal.
Oskar Groening told the Lueneburg state court on Thursday that he did not expect Jews at Auschwitz to make it out alive. The 93-year-old's answer came in response to a question from attorneys representing Auschwitz survivors. He faces between three and 15 years in prison if convicted in the trial, which is scheduled through July.
'Millions of tonnes' of 'e-waste' are dumped in west-Africa every year, including the UK. The continent produced only 1.9 million tonnes of 'e-waste' in 2014 but'millions of tonnes' of it is sent to landfill sites like Agbogbloshie in Ghana. Defunct televisions, computers, microwaves and refrigerators are being illegally exported to west-African countries like Ghana. It costs less than recycling them in their countries of origin, campaigners claim.
Bruce Davis, 72, was convicted in the 1969 slayings of musician Gary Hinman and stuntman Donald 'Shorty' Shea. Davis held Hinman at gunpoint while Manson sliced his face open with a sword. About a month later, Davis stabbed Shea, who worked at Spahn Ranch where the family lived. The parole board has found Davis suitable for release three times, but Gov. Jerry Brown and former Gov. Arnold Schwarzenegger reversed the decision each time.
Chris Early, who owns a production company in Knoxville, Tennessee, bought a quadcopter to make commercials. He decided he could use it for personal surveillance purposes too. The tech-enthusiast released footage of one of his remote chaperoning sessions, showing how he is now able monitor his child's whereabouts from the skies.
German banking giant Deutsche Bank will pay $2.5 billion in fines for its role in a vast multi-year conspiracy to rig LIBOR interest rates. The case centers on charges that Deutsche Bank derivatives traders manipulated the London InterBank Offered Rate. Deutsche Bank employees defrauded counterparties in emails, telephone calls and electronic chats, the US said.
Lindsay Lohan, Britney Spears and Renée Zellweger are just some of the stars that have aged terribly. From child actors to golden Hollywood stars, FEMAIL rounds up the worst.
Disgraced DJ Dave Lee Travis was convicted of indecently assaulting a woman. He was cleared of 12 counts of indecent assault following a trial last year. But he was ordered to face a retrial after jury was unable to reach verdicts. The 69-year-old was sentenced to three months' imprisonment in September. At a costs application hearing today, he was told he would be awarded travel and hotel fees for his time on trial. Travis was awarded £4,000 for taxi fares to and from court, and £630 for hotel stays while he was on trial.
Gang began their daring plan by renting a restaurant across the road from Guanghui Temple in Zhengdin County, North China. While serving snacks to the public, a team on the inside dug their way towards the temple's famous Hua Pagoda. A seven-metre deep tunnel, which led to a 50m-long underground passage, was discovered by police when they raided the gang's property. Five men were arrested following a tip-off, but three of the gang are still on the run.
Ruben Blundell's brother was four days overdue when his mother went into labour in the middle of the night. Left with no time to get to the hospital, the family had to deliver the baby at home. Ruben assisted in the birth by fetching towels and even telling his mother to breathe.
The 24-year-olds were both arrested on suspicion of assault and disorderly conduct on Wednesday afternoon. Several people at the couple's home tried to stop Griner, who is 6'8", and Johnson, who is 6'3", from fighting after an argument turned physical. Johnson's sister ultimately called cops to help break up the fight after the couple started throwing things at each other in the living room.
Joan Cheever founded The Chow Train non-profit organization in 2005. Cheever and her band of volunteers have served hundreds of thousands of hot meals to those in need in San Antonio.
Schoolgirl was left needing medical treatment after drinking the corrosive liquid. She was given water to drink at Hounsdown School in Southampton. Headteacher Julie Turvey said the school was taking the matter'very seriously' Two pupils have been suspended following the incident on Tuesday.
Michelle Carter, 18, is accused of encouraging the death of Conrad Roy III, 18, who gassed himself in a parking lot in Fairhaven, Massachusetts last July. Her lawyers say it's 'impossible' for her to receive a fair trial in Bristol County because the District Attorney is the victim's third cousin. However the DA's office said the DA, Thomas Quinn, has excused himself from any involvement in the case.
Aldi store in Avlaston, Derbyshire, officially opened at 8am today. Company gave away golden tickets to the first 100 people through the doors. More than 200 people were found queuing outside the store.
House Benghazi Committee Chairman Trey Gowdy wants Hillary Clinton to testify before his panel twice. The first hearing would focus on Clinton's use of a private email account and server while she was secretary of state. The second would focus on the September 2012 attacks that killed four Americans, including the US ambassador to Libya. Gowdy's action comes a day after the GOP-led panel signaled its final report could slip to next year, just months before the presidential election. Clinton is widely considered the front-runner for the Democratic nomination for president.
Doug Hughes, 61, is 'lucky to be alive' and'should have been blown out of the air,' Rep. Jason Chaffetz, R-Utah, chairman of the House Oversight committee, said Wednesday. Senior officials from the Secret Service and Capitol Police briefed top House members behind closed doors. Chaffetz said a combination of 'lack of communication and some human error' by Capitol Police and other officials allowed Hughes to steer his tiny aircraft within a few hundred feet of the Capitol before landing on the West Lawn.
Jules Bianchi crashed into a recovery vehicle at the Japanese Grand Prix. The 25-year-old has been in a coma since the October 5 accident. His father Philippe has spoken of the pain his family have felt.
Kate Temple was called a 'homewrecker' by victim Shelley Williams. Miss Williams accused Temple of having an affair with her partner. The 33-year-old carried out the attack before attempting to buy another drink from the bar where she was refused.
Juventus beat Monaco 1-0 in their Champions League quarter-final first leg on Tuesday night. Ricardo Carvalho gave away a penalty after a collision with Alvaro Morata inside the area. Arturo Vidal converted the spot kick to give the hosts the lead at the Juventus Stadium.
Bristol City are eight points clear at the top of League One. Steve Cotterill's side travel to Preston on Tuesday night. The Robins could return to the Championship next season.
Emily Clark, 20, of Powder Springs, Morgan Bass, 20, of Leesburg, Abbie Deloach, 21, of Savannah, Catherine Pittman, 21, of Alpharetta and Caitlyn Baggett, 21, of Millen, perished early Wednesday morning on their way to school. Fellow students Brittney McDaniel, of Reidsville, and Megan Richards, of Loganville, survived the crash but were hospitalized with injuries.
Chelsea signed Jay Dasilva from Luton Town's academy in 2012. The 17-year-old left back is earmarked for a first-team spot at Stamford Bridge. Dasilva is one of a number of promising young players at Chelsea. Ruben Loftus-Cheek will be with the first-team squad at start of pre-season.
Emmanuel Adebayor has scored just two goals for Tottenham this season. The 31-year-old's last Premier League start came against Aston Villa. Adebayor's £100,000-a-week wages are set to expire at the end of the season.
Hernandez, 25, was moved Wednesday to the maximum-security Souza-Baranowski Correctional Center in Shirley, Massachusetts. Hernandez had been at Cedar Junction prison in Walpole since he was convicted April 15 of killing 27-year-old Odin Lloyd in 2013. Lloyd was dating the sister of Hernandez's fiancee. Souza-Baranowski is considered the most advanced prison in the state by the state Department of Corrections.
Actor was promoting new Avengers: Age of Ultron in London on Tuesday. Krishnan Guru-Murthy started asking him about his past drug abuse. Downey Jnr got up and said: 'I'm sorry, I really don't... what are we doing?' Star had a period between 1996 and 2001 during which he was arrested. He was sentenced to three years in prison, but was released in a surprise ruling.
The family's lawsuit is seeking $75,000 in compensation, as well as unspecified punitive damages, and calls for a court order prohibiting the use of police techniques 'that demean, disregard, or underserve its African-American population' The civil suit claims Brown had his hands up in surrender when he was killed, a claim strongly disputed during the previous investigation. 'We expect to put on evidence that you never heard about before, that you have never seen,' said Anthony Gray, one of the lawyers for Brown's family, during Thursday's press conference. Brown, 18, was unarmed and walking in the street with
Lee Tomlin gave Middlesbrough the lead on 50 minutes with a fine solo effort. Patrick Bamford doubled the Teesiders' lead on 66 minutes with a cool finish. Boro stay in fourth place in the Championship table.
Nigerian Muslims on a rickety boat ordered a Christian to stop praying. When he refused, a violent fight ensued and 12 Christians drowned. Unprecedented 10,000 refugees have been rescued by Italian ships in past week. Over 900 making journey have died or gone missing since start of the year.
Scott Turner Schofield will become the first transgender man to have a recurring role on a daytime soap opera when he appears on The Bold and the Beautiful. Schofield will be playing Nick, a mentor of sorts to the character of Maya Avant, played by Karla Mosley. Schofield is a performer, speaker and author known for his one-person shows that address transgender issues.
Former Real Madrid defender Roberto Carlos won the Champions League three times in five seasons with Los Blancos. The Brazilian defender has picked his dream team from the greats he played with and against. Iker Casillas, Cafu, Paolo Maldini, Fabio Cannavaro, Ronaldinho, Zinedine Zidane and Luis Figo make Carlos' XI.
Fulham will sound out Brentford manager Mark Warburton about taking over at Craven Cottage. Championship strugglers are deliberating over the future of Kit Symons. Symons replaced Felix Magath in September but has won only one of his last eight games.
Referee Anthony Taylor sprinted past Lee Cattermole during Yannick Bolasie's hat-trick for Crystal Palace against Sunderland. Gary Cahill has responded to challenge of deputising for Kurt Zouma. David Ospina has kept six clean sheets since replacing Wojciech Szczesny.
Andy Awford has been sacked as Portsmouth manager. The League Two club parted company with Awford at a meeting this morning. Assistant manager Gary Waddock is will take caretaker charge.
Eden Hazard was presented with the PFA Player of the Year award at a glittering ceremony at London's Grosvenor Hotel. The 24-year-old Belgian has scored 18 goals across all competitions for his club this season. Hazard has remarkably won Player of the Year or Young Player of the Year every season since 2009 with Lille or Chelsea.
Barcelona beat Valencia 2-0 in their La Liga clash at the Nou Camp. Luis Suarez opened the scoring after just 56 seconds. Lionel Messi scored his 400th goal for Barcelona in the second half. Valencia missed a penalty in the ninth minute through Dani Parejo.
Douglas Bader was shot down over France in August 1941 and ended up in a German prison camp in Warburg. He was involved in a mass break-out that pre-dated the break in 1944 immortalised in The Great Escape starring Steve McQueen and Richard Attenborough. Bader’s life story has already been the subject of the successful film Reach for the Sky in 1956 starring Kenneth More.
Radamel Falcao started for Manchester United against Chelsea at Stamford Bridge. The Colombian striker has struggled with injury and form this season. Falcao lost almost every key battle against Blues captain John Terry.
Chelsea are nine points clear at the top of the Premier League table. The Blues are planning a victory parade through the streets of Fulham. A letter from Hammersmith and Fulham council outlines the plans. Chelsea face Arsenal at the Emirates Stadium on Sunday.
Leonie Granger, 25, lured gambler Mehmet Hassan, 56, to his death. Care assistant used her good looks to befriend the poker player. He showered her with gifts, cash and trips to fancy restaurants. But after going back to his flat she made her excuses and left door unlocked. Kyrron Jackson, 28, and Nicholas Chandler, 29, then tied up father of three. They then kicked him to death and ransacked his Islington home to find winnings. Granger found guilty of manslaughter by a majority and jailed for 16 years.
Brent Council said it was no longer able to afford to pay for a live-in carer to look after Second World War veteran Robert Clark. This is despite the fact he had already used £50,000 of his life savings paying for his care. Pensioner's plight prompted armed forces charity Help for Heroes to launch a fund-raising campaign to allow Mr Clark to stay in his home. In just four days the total amount of donations has reached £10,000.
Wilfried Bony has scored just one goal since joining Manchester City. Juan Cuadrado has failed to make an impact at Chelsea since £23m move. Mauro Zarate is yet to score or lay on a goal for QPR since joining on loan. Callum McManaman is yet to complete a full 90mins for West Brom. Filip Djuricic is yet to trouble the scorers for Southampton.
A new documentary is about to blow the lid on the illegal organ trade that is now allegedly worth a staggering US$1 billion a year in China. ‘Human Harvest: China’s Organ Trafficking’ will show how researchers began to uncover the gory details. It's claimed that political prisoners are being used as live organ donors. This despite the fact 10,000 organs are transplanted in China every year, yet there are only a tiny number of people on the official donor register.
Liverpool face Aston Villa in the FA Cup semi-final on Sunday. Philippe Coutinho has been one of Liverpool's standout performers this season. Coutinho has been nominated for the PFA Player and Young Player of the Year awards.
Newcastle owner Mike Ashley is not a football man, certainly not in the same way as the increasing number of disillusioned supporters at St James' Park. Ashley looks after the money, obsessing over the finances at his business empire, which includes SportsDirect and his football club in the north east. The biggest motivation in Ashley’s life is to make money, something reflected in Newcastle’s latest accounts, which are showing another decent profit and £34m in the bank.
Atletico Madrid and Real Madrid played out a goalless draw on Tuesday. Raphael Varane impressed again for Real Madrid at the Vicente Calderon. Jan Oblak was excellent in goal for Atletico and denied Gareth Bale.
Carter and Jack Hanson, who live in Raleigh, North Carolina, met their hero on the Yorktown - a retired carrier in Charleston, South Carolina. It was an emotional first meeting for the three friends who had been in contact for about a year via email.
Never-before-seen photographs show the horror of the doomed Gallipoli landings through the eyes of the soldiers. World leaders were joined by Princes Charles and Harry on the Royal Navy's flagship HMS Bulwark in Turkey's Dardanelles straits. An estimated 1,000 Allied soldiers died on the first day of the disastrous invasion until January 1916. Historian Stephen Chambers has collected more than 100 rare photographs, many taken by the troops themselves.
Dougie Freedman is set to sign a new two-year deal at Nottingham Forest. Freedman has impressed since replacing Stuart Pearce in February. Forest's owners are pleased with the job Freedman has done.
John Terry was at the heart of another impressive Chelsea defensive display. Chelsea kept a clean sheet as they drew 0-0 with Arsenal at the Emirates. Jose Mourinho said it was Terry's best performance under him.
John Terry has never had pace but that is not a problem as he reads the game so well. Chelsea are undefeated against the top four this season where Arsenal have lost twice. Beating Crystal Palace was a massive result for Steve Bruce's Hull.
Cesc Fabregas returned to the Emirates Stadium for the first time since leaving for Barcelona in 2011. The former Arsenal midfielder was booed by home fans throughout the 0-0 draw with Chelsea on Sunday. He was influential in the first half but was booked for diving. Arsenal fans sang: 'Boring Boring Chelsea' when they failed to penetrate.
Real Madrid beat Malaga 3-1 at the Bernabeu on Saturday evening. Luka Modric was forced off with a knee injury in the second half. The Croatian midfielder has sprained a ligament in his right knee. Gareth Bale picked up a calf injury in the same game and faces a race to be fit for the Champions League quarter-final.
China has built runway on Fiery Cross Reef in the Spratly Islands. Philippines, Vietnam, Malaysia, Brunei and Taiwan all claim the region. Building activity has infuriated neighbouring countries and the U.S. President Barack Obama. His administration has accused China of using its military might to reclaim the contested territory in the South China Sea.
Frank Ernest Shepherd, III of Houston, Texas, led police on a high-speed chase after being pulled over for a traffic stop that ended when he slammed into another vehicle. He then got out of the car and reached into his backseat before being shot by police. It is not known why Shepherd, a father of three with another baby on the way, was fleeing from police or what he was reaching for after he crashed his car.
Barack Obama said China was 'using its sheer size and muscle' to 'force countries into subordinate positions' in the disputed South China Sea. But China's leadership has hit back, claiming the U.S. possesses - and wields - the greatest military muscle. War of words comes as newly-released satellite images reveal flotilla of Chinese vessels dredging sand onto artificially-built land masses.
Linda Thompson tweeted a message of support ahead of Bruce's ABC prime time special with Diane Sawyer set to air on Friday night. The former beauty queen and Playgirl cover girl was married to the Olympic gold medalist from 1981 to 1986. Linda had two sons with Bruce - Brandon and Brody - and both have been seen in teaser videos released by the TV network.
Zermatt in the Upper Valais area of Switzerland has imposed the ban. A report from an animal welfare charity alleged the dogs were kept in'miserable conditions' The dogs are being kept as tourist props by a company in the town.
Researchers examined the brains of more than 900 people aged over 60. Found exposure to small sooty particles alters the structure of the brain. Silent strokes do not have any outward symptoms and the victim is usually unaware of them.
The list is dominated by European nations, particularly those in Scandinavia, and measures a country's population by factors contributing to its contentment, rather than wealth. Britons are happier now than they were two years ago, but still rank in at a relatively lowly 21st place. Despite often mocking its northern neighbour as an inferior nation, the United States is a full 10 places below Canada. Unsurprisingly the world's least happy countries are places ravaged by war and extreme poverty - with Syria, Burundi and Togo taking their place at the bottom of the 158-nation strong list.
Jordan Brennan was attacked in September last year, as he left his local shop. Killer, now 17, was jailed for eight months for manslaughter in March. But Jordan's mother, Kim, says the sentence is an insult to her son's memory. 'His favourite question was: 'Have you got £1 mum?', she says.
Faculty at Columbia University have written an op-ed defending Dr Mehmet Oz, saying his 'unsubstantiated medicine... sullies the reputation' of the university. But they also leap to his defense, saying that his on-air 'Ozisms' should not cancel out his stellar work at the university, where he has an unblemished record as a doctor. They pointed out that in 2014, the BMJ medical journal said 'that less than half of the recommendations on his show are based on at least somewhat believable evidence'
Julie Schenecker, 54, was convicted last May of killing her 13-year-old son Beau and 16-year-old daughter Calyx at their home in January 2011. In an interview from jail, she has claimed she did not regret the killings - despite previously admitting to shooting them for being'mouthy' She said she feared her son was being sexually abused and that Calyx had told her she was suffering from mental illness. But police said she had admitted to killing the children for being'mouthy'
Around 15 animals ran away from a farm in Schodack, upstate New York, on Thursday and then swam across the Hudson River. They then started running down the Thruway, a series of toll roads which link up the major cities in the state, including Buffalo and New York City. Three men hired by the farm were cleared to open fire Friday afternoon in a stream in woods in the town of Coeymans.
Charly, a police horse, was tagged with graffiti on Venice Beach on Tuesday. The tag was cryptic and difficult to decipher. Police are hoping the public can help identify the tagger.
'Home-school agreement' sent out by Turnham Primary School in London. It includes a demand not to use 'transphobic language' or racist language. But parents say it would mean explaining something many three-year-olds are not aware exists. School's chair of governors has apologised for any offence caused.
The 1961 Ferrari 250 GT SWB California Spider is widely regarded by many as the most beautiful convertible ever made. But it is best known for that infamous scene in the 1986 teen comedy starring Matthew Broderick. The car, in classic Ferrari red, was the pride and joy of the father of Ferris Bueller's best friend Cameron in the movie. In the movie, Ferris took best friend Cameron's dad's red model out without permission but the car eventually trashed.
Fossicker Ashley Manzie found the WW1 star medal in an east Melbourne park. He posted photos of the medal to an online fossicking forum, which led him to Sydney man Stephen Norton - Frederick Biddulph's great-nephew. Mr Norton recently discovered that Frederick had actually died nine years before 'Bunny' in New Zealand. The grave plaque in Melbourne's Springvale cemetery probably belongs to his brother Lewis, who joined the army in his name because he had poor hearing. Mr Norton says tracing the family history has been difficult because it seems the men changed their names a number of
The vaccine, known as RTS,S, took 30 years to develop but it is now hoped it can be used to save millions of lives. Drug firm GlaxoSmithKline has applied for a licence from the European Medicines Agency for the RTS,S vaccine. Tests were carried out on 15,500 toddlers and babies in sub-Saharan Africa.
Damon Clay, 17, is in a medically induced coma in critical condition at Grady Memorial Hospital in Atlanta. Officers have arrested 19-year-old Quintavious Barber and 18-year-old Malik Morton for aggravated assault and cruelty to a child. Relatives of the scalded victim said the two men accused him of stealing a PlayStation 3.
Anthony Trollope, a famous novelist, introduced post boxes to the UK in 1852 after seeing them in France. The first boxes were erected in Jersey in 1852 as a trial before appearing across mainland Britain. Red has remained the standard colour for UK boxes with only a few exceptions, one being blue post boxes for overseas mail.
Alexis Douglas was playing at her sister's house in Melbourne in January when a neighbour's pitbull attacked. The five-year-old required 50 stitches to her face and still requires treatment for the next three years. Her mother Monique Douglas says she cries every day for her daughter. Dog owner Edward Powell was handed a $1500 fine and no convictions. Mrs Douglas says her daughter requires day and night masks as well as silicon patches to help heal the permanent scarring.
Business leaders have voiced fears over 'disastrous Tory campaign' They believe negative tactics have done little to discredit Ed Miliband. One said: 'Every time Miliband is visible, he appears credible' Cameron's advisers have also called on campaigners to change tack.
Jay Brittain, 63, was worried that the baby owls at Small Breeds Farm Park and Owl Centre, Herefordshire, look so similar at birth that he could end up overfeeding them. So he instructed workers at the farm to varnish the claws of each fluffy owlet using nail polish in their very own 'talon salon' The first born Tawny owl is given orange talons, the second hatched has theirs painted purple and for the third born, pink.
Michael Hanline, 69, was convicted of murder for the fatal shooting of truck driver JT McGarry in 1980, and on Wednesday a judge dismissed the charges against him. On the day of his release last November, the moment he ate his first burger after being in prison for decades was captured on video. 'My oh my, that's what meat tastes like huh?' he said after taking his first bite.
Kiwi jihadi Mark John Taylor posted a video on YouTube urging IS sympathisers to attack Anzac Day services in Australia and New Zealand. New Zealand Police Commissioner Mike Bush confirmed Taylor was 'known to New Zealand authorities' and that this was not his first attempt at publicly 'airing his views' This comes only weeks after an Anzac Day terror plot was foiled by Australian authorities when 200 officers raided properties in south east Melbourne.
University of Alabama graduate Sarah Grimes asked a judge to dismiss her lawsuit against Kristen Saban, whom she had accused of brutally beating her. Grimes sued the coach's daughter in Tuscaloosa County in 2012 over a fight they had while attending college in 2010. The lawsuit said Grimes suffered lasting injuries during the brawl, which evidence showed began over a Facebook post after a night of drinking.
Beth O'Rourke, 44, of Paxton, Massachusetts, has spent the past 7 years fighting stage four biliary cancer. On April 16, the mother of Courtney, 11, and Seamus, 8, passed away. In her own obituary, Beth wrote that she 'fought every day to stay alive and to be with them' Now family members have set up a GoFundMe page to try and fund her children's education, and help out her husband Brendan.
Two Up, Australia's iconic game of chance, will be played across Australia on ANZAC Day this Saturday. The Martingale Betting Strategy is a system of betting which originated in France. Punters simply bet a stake to win an amount of money, if they fail to win with the first bet they increase their stake to recover their losses plus win the initial targeted win amount on the second bet and so on. 'The Double-up approach is alluring to punters because it seems to provide a guaranteed approach to make a buck,' says expert Damian Deguara.
Molly Parks passed away on April 16 after she overdosed in the bathroom of the pizza restaurant where she worked in Manchester, New Hampshire. Her family has penned an honest obituary about her struggles with drugs. It pleads with other families to be supportive of their loved ones.
The Apple Watch is officially going on sale today - but none of its stores will have them in stock. Instead, consumers have to pre-order the watches online and wait for their arrival until June. City analysts believe the company feared the queues might be embarrassingly small and so opted to launch the watch with more of a whisper than a bang.
Scottish First Minister said she would form an anti-Tory alliance with Labour. Ms Sturgeon's remarks raise prospect of Labour ruling as a minority government. Labour has slipped four points behind the Tories in the latest polls.
Rhiannon Langley is recovering from Rhinoplasty at a Bangkok hotel. The 24-year-old hairdresser turned model is sharing her 'nose job journey' with her social media followers. The Melbourne woman is on a $5,190 medical tourism package. She has been updating her followers with pictures and videos.
'The preponderance of scientific evidence is on the side of the president in making this argument,' press secretary Josh Earnest said today. Earnest's channeling of former Vice President Al Gore, star of the 2006 global warming documentary an Inconvenient Truth, followed the president's gas-guzzling, 1,836 mile trip on Wednesday, Earth Day, to the Florida Everglades aboard Air Force One.
Playing outside or climbing trees could help reduce cases by 26 per cent. Chinese study found 23 per cent reduction in short-sightedness in children who spent an extra 40 minutes a day in the sunshine. Two in five adults in the UK are short-sighted, but rates are likely to increase.
Mick Schumacher will compete in the Formula 4 category this weekend. It is regarded as a stepping stone for junior drivers hoping to reach the top. He will start on the grid in 19th position out of 38 tomorrow. For the first time in his career, he will drive under his own name.
Sarina Aziz, 19 months, was removed from a plane at Ben Gurion Airport. The toddler became agitated after being moved from her seat to her parents' lap. Parents Mark and Ariella Aziz tried to restrain their daughter. Transavia Airlines have said that the action was justified as the child was not 'following safety instructions'
Japanese women swear by 'beauty from within' philosophy. sip on tincture tonics to cleanse system internally. Mahonia, a traditional herbal treatment for acne, is a best-seller in Japan.
More than 50 per cent of participants in a study of 12,000 wanted to work for Virgin boss Richard Branson. The Department of Immigration ranked third in the survey of Australia’s Most Attractive Employer. The Department of Defence and Department of Health were also named in the top ten places Australians would like to work.
WARNING: GRAPHIC CONTENT. Alison, 43, from Gloucestershire, had a boob job six years ago. She was left with a shrivelled, deformed breast and an enlarged one. The retail worker has now had 13 operations to fix the damage.
An Ohio woman found out that her unborn daughter had Triploidy, a chromosomal defect that is 'incompatible with life outside the womb' She and her husband decided to terminate the pregnancy at 23 weeks. The baby will be cremated and the ashes will be spread over garden.
Shaun Smith, 25, and Jason Collins, 22, attacked two men last April. The soldiers were expected to be jailed for the 'inexcusable' assault. But judge James Hill, QC, made an 'extraordinary' decision to let them walk free. He said: 'I express the hope, as your commanding officers have expressed, that the Army feels able to keep you'
TV presenter Richard Wilkins breaks down as he retraces the steps of his grandfather. George William Thomson served in Gallipoli as part of the New Zealand medical corps. 'It just happens to be about your grand-dad, it changes things,' he revealed. 'I've got a 29-year-old son and another who turns 20 on ANZAC Day, those are prime ages to have been over here a century ago, perish the thought, it's deeply, deeply overwhelming'
Rachael Bishop, 19, was working an afternoon shift at the ice cream chain's Lynnwood, Washington store. A man wearing a baseball cap and sunglasses came in, unzipped his jacket and showed her he had a gun. Bishop said she tried to plead with the man when he ordered her to hand over all the money in the cash register, but when that didn't work she took action. 'I didn't want him to take my store's money, it was just a reaction,' she said.
Posters promoting a'straight pride' week were removed from Youngstown State University after student leaders said they went 'way further than a free speech issue' The posters included profanity and promoted the event as a time to not highlight sexual orientation or differences among students. Campus leaders at the approximately 15,000-student university said that while they believe the posters were meant as satire, the message was inappropriate. University officials are investigating and disciplinary action may follow.
Heida Reed claims Aidan Turner's brooding good looks are sexist. The 27-year-old said he was being 'objectified' in a way that would not be tolerated if he were female. She said: 'I think there should be the same standard for both sexes' Comments follow overwhelming interest in Turner's physique from fans.
Embalmed corpse of Vladmir Lenin is kept in a lab in Moscow. His skin is studied each week using precision instruments. A mild bleach is often used to deal with occasional fungus stains. A material made of paraffin, glycerin and carotene is used to replace most of Lenin's skin. Some of the techniques have had real-world medical applications.
UKIP leader Nigel Farage says he gets an 'unbelievably' positive welcome when he meets black people. He said claims the party is racist have stopped many supporters from backing him publicly. Mr Farage said that when he goes into 'black parts' of London he gets a warm reception.
Artist Frank McKeever from Florida created these amazing posters. They show how we could colonise various worlds in the solar system. Included are humans skiing on a moon of Uranus and living in cities on Mars. Others show life on Europa and near Saturn - and a destroyed Earth. And maybe one day we will also return to the moon, with a destroyed Earth in the background - while one of the Apollo flags has been bleached white from radiation.
Deputy police commissioner Kevin Davis said Friday that Gray should have received medical attention at the spot where he was arrested. Six officers have been suspended with pay as local police and federal authorities investigate. Baltimore police commissioner Anthony Batts has ruled out the possibility of his resignation. Gray was not buckled in by a seat belt, a violation of the police department's policy. Gray died on Sunday, April 19, after he 'had his spine 80 per cent severed at his neck' while in police custody.
Between 2004 and 2013, the number of passenger vehicle drivers aged 16 to 19 involved in U.S. fatal crashes decreased from 5,724 to 2,568. New safety features in cars and graduate license restrictions are among the top reasons for the dramatic drop in fatalities.
Entertainment Tonight reported Thursday night that Jenner, 65, would be watching the special both east coast and west coast feeds. A source told the site that Jenner felt it was very important to be around his family when the show airs.
The small fort was discovered on top of Dunnicaer sea stack close to Stonehaven, Aberdeenshire. It would have given the inhabitants a strong defensive position, although resupplying the fort up the cliff faces would have been hard. Stones used to build the walls were also engraved with Pictish designs of fish and disks with broken spears through them. The sea stack is only accessible at low tide and still requires a rock climb up the cliff face to reach the summit.
Andrea McVeigh, 44, has been left scarred for life after being knocked down. The cyclist fled the scene after the crash in Bermondsey, south London. Mrs McVeigh was left sprawled in a pool of her own blood after the crash. Police have issued CCTV footage of the cyclist they want to speak to.
Timothy Crook is alleged to have murdered his elderly parents Bob, 90, and Elsie, 83, and then driven their bodies 150 miles before dumping them. But the grey car he is accused of using to transport the bodies has been lost. Crook is accused of killing his parents at their home in Swindon in July 2007 and then driving their bodies to Lincoln, where they used to live.
Jeni's Splendid Ice Creams of Ohio said on its website on Thursday that it is recalling its frozen products after the listeria discovery. The company is recalling its ice creams, frozen yogurts, sorbets, and ice cream sandwiches and closing retail stores until its products are 'ensured to be 100 per cent safe' The Nebraska Department of Agriculture found the listeria in a sample of Jeni's ice cream it had randomly collected at a Whole Foods in Lincoln, Nebraska. The action follows a similar recall by Texas-based Blue Bell Creameries on Monday night.
Shaker Aamer is expected to be freed from Guantanamo Bay in June. The 48-year-old has been held without charge or trial for more than 13 years. He has a British wife and four children in London and lived in South London.
Christopher Wheeler, 54, had more than 2,000 images and videos of boys engaging in sex acts with men when police raided his $350,000 mansion in October 2013. One of those showed a naked boy with his head being held by an adult male while performing a sex act. The accomplished composer and pilot was fired from a job he had held for nine years, which had a salary of nearly $3700,000. He was sentenced by Superior Court Judge Eric M. Davis on Friday, the same judge who found him guilty of the shocking crimes in December.
The worrying trend started sweeping social media over the weekend. encouraged teens to blow their lips up to epic proportions using bottles or shot glasses to mirror Kylie Jenner's often voluptuous looking pout. A new hilarious video has mocked teenagers taking part in the #kyliejennerchallenge using a tube of Pringles.
Sonia Sharrock's stud farm in Woodberry, in the Hunter Region of New South Wales, was flooded on Tuesday. Her brother-in-law, Steve Spowart, spent over five hours helping to rescue her horses. He dived down into the freezing cold water to cut the barbed wire and free the horses that had become tangled in fences. In the incredible photos taken of the recue, Mr Spowart is seen paddling out into the deep storm water on his surfboard to free the horses.
Soil underneath a slide in Tokyo showed radiation readings of 480 microsieverts per hour. This is nearly half the recommended annual limit of exposure for a person. The playground in the Toshima ward has now been fenced off with a barricade.
The 22-year-old is expecting her first child with husband Ben Seewald on November 1, which is also the date of her and Ben's first wedding anniversary.
Lyle Jeffs is leader of the polygamous Fundamentalist Church of Jesus Christ of Latter-Day Saints. His legal wife, Charlene Jeffs, 58, has been married to him for 31 years. She claims to have been 'excommunicated' in September 2014 for being 'unrighteous' Mrs Jeffs is now trying to get her two youngest children - a 17-year-old boy and 14-year-old girl - back from her husband.
'I didn't do anything wrong, but they still got rid of me,' Rose McGrath of battle Creek, Michigan said tearfully of her school kicking her out for poor attendance. 'Even though she's now done with her treatments you still have a very long recovery process because you've basically just put two and a half years of poison into your body. You're not recovering overnight,' said Rose's mother Barbara McGrath. 'The accommodations which were made were woefully inadequate for a child with such a serious diagnosis,' said Rose's father Tom McGrath.
Dubai-based photographer Martin Beck has produced the gritty portraits laced with melancholy humour. His subjects look like they can't get over the fact they've had to retire, or like they never quite passed at superhero school.
Paul Gregory, 51, of Bedford, claimed he could only walk 200 metres. But he was a keen walker and member of a mountaineering club. He was exposed after council read of his exploits on 191-mile hike. He was fined £795 and ordered to carry out 150 hours of unpaid work.
Olympic gold medalist, 65, started hormone therapy and electrolysis in the mid to late 1980s. He had plastic surgery to make his features look more feminine shortly after winning the Olympic gold. However, he stopped out of 'fear' of publicity and shame, and kept his secret to himself until he couldn't bear it any longer.
Emma Louise Connolly models Ann Summers' first bridal wear lingerie. priced between £14 and £85. Includes curve-skimming dress, silk and lace sets and peek-a-boo thong.
Airport could be rebranded as 'Shakespeare's Airport' in U.S. to attract more tourists. There are concerns that not enough Americans will know who the playwright is. A similar rebranding in China has attracted thousands of tourists to the city.
The 'escort card' was a comical printed card men would hand to women they found attractive. Collector Alan Mays has unearthed a treasure trove of these vintage ice-breakers, which bear phrases such as: 'May I be permitted the blissful pleasure of escorting you home this evening?'
Six men of Somali descent charged with conspiracy to support a foreign terrorist organization and attempting to support a foreign terrorist organization. Families of four of the suspects screamed from the packed public gallery as their lawyers questioned the reliability of the mole. However, U.S. Magistrate Judge Becky Thorson maintained there was probable cause to believe a crime was committed, and ordered the four men to remain in custody.
A 23-year-old Taylors Hill man was arrested over the incident on Thursday. He was remanded in custody to appear in Melbourne Magistrates Court at a later date. Police say the man entered the service station on Taylors Road in Taylors Hill just before 7.30pm. He was dressed in a blonde curly wig, red lipstick, a mauve skirt and wide brimmed hat.
Sofia Abramovich has hit back at people who have criticised her on Instagram. The 18-year-old says she is going to turn the negative comments into a positive. Sofia is Roman's daughter by Irina Vyacheslavovna Malandina.
An obscure agreement was made by state governments in 1993. No public holiday is triggered when Anzac Day falls on a Saturday. The agreement was designed to provide uniformity of public holidays across the nation. It was decided that a public holiday for Anzac Day would only be triggered if it fell on a Monday. Good Friday, Easter Saturday and Easter Monday would continue to be observed on the days set according to tradition across the nation.
A house in Narrabeen has been demolished after it was damaged during this week's destructive storm in NSW. The house began sliding down the hill it was built on after it was battered by the wild weather on Tuesday, endangering neighbouring houses and forcing locals to evacuate. A tree stump on the hill prevented the house from falling further down, but authorities feared it was only a matter of time before it caused further damage to surrounding properties. A cherry picker was brought in to harness the house's weight, and pressurised fire hoses pushed it further down the hill as a thick cable was used control the direction it fell
Pariah state may also have the capability to produce enough uranium to double its arsenal by next year, it has been reported. Chinese estimates of Pyongyang's nuclear production exceed most previous US forecasts of between 10 to 16 bombs.
Sea Bright fire chief volunteer Chad Murphy wore a camera on his now-charred helmet as he stepped into the furnace in Rumson on Monday. Footage shows him entering the burning building and carefully navigating the smoke-filled interiors. At one point he's seen hosing down a glass skylight with debris falling down. Several other firemen then enter the scene and Murphy moves with them upstairs. Wearing smoke masks, they step through crumbling walls and flooded passageways. In order to hear each other, they shout loudly to one another.
Intruders broke into home in Hatfield Peverel, Essex, and flooded kitchen. They dumped the TV in a bath filled with water and slashed sofas and chairs. They stole jewellery including a wedding ring and watches, a computer, laptop and tablet from the house and left thousands of pounds in damage.
Stephen Phillips, Christopher Evans and Michael Stokes to stand trial. All accused of stealing £30,000 in cash from the home of a suspected criminal. Cardiff Crown Court heard the officers were arrested as a result of an investigation being carried out by South Wales Police's professional standards department.
The 20-year-old woman was driving on the I-25 in Weld County, Colorado. She said she felt bleeding from both sides of her neck after her window shattered. Miraculously, the bullet did not damage the woman's airway or sever any major blood vessels. Sheriffs believe the shooting may be linked to other reports of shattered windows.
UN's Zeid Ra'ad Al Husein said Katie Hopkins used language similar to that used by Rwandan media in run-up to 1994 genocide and by Nazis in 1930s. Article came as migrant boat tragedies in Mediterranean escalated. More than 1,750 people have died this year making sea crossing to Europe.
Usain Bolt said he has had to lay off KFC and eat more vegetables. The Jamaican sprinter admitted he 'hates' his beloved fast food. But he said he has to be 'perfect in training' and 'eating right is part of training'
Headteacher Linda Shute has banned children from drinking tea, coffee and fruit juice. Rule introduced to protect the long-term health of pupils at Rowdown Primary School. But some parents believe the water-only rule is too strict and have started a petition.
Louise Henderson Alakil, 49, moved to Middle Eastern country 27 years ago. She worked as a teacher at the International School in capital Sanaa until recent fighting forced it to close. She is now hiding in a shelter below her family home on outskirts of the city with her youngest children, Miriam, 11, and Ayesha, nine. Britons have been advised to book commercial flights out the country, but Mrs Henderson and her children's passports have expired. They fear they will not return and are terrified of dodging fighting to get to the UK embassy in Sudan for emergency documents. More than 1,000 people have been killed
Duchess of Cambridge was applauded for her natural approach to her post-birth figure. Camilla Lawrence, a Women’s Health physiotherapist, tells MailOnline how to get your body back to its pre-pregnancy shape. She says carefully easing the body back into exercise is the best method.
Aberash Bekele, 32, is angry at filmmakers for using her story without her knowledge or consent. She was abducted so she could be pushed into a forced marriage. Miss Bekele was never consulted by the film-makers and did not give them permission to lay her traumas bare on screen.
Landmark Developments Ltd tore down a derelict property in Bath city centre and replaced it with a modern block of 14 flats. But residents complained that the development was three feet higher and four feet wider than the plans approved by the council. Bath and North East Somerset Council says the developer has committed a 'breach of planning control' and ordered the building to be bulldozed.
A supervolcano in Yellowstone National Park releases around 45,000 metric tonnes of carbon dioxide each day. But a magma chamber beneath the surface is not large enough to produce these levels. Now, researchers have found the source in a secondary magma chamber. It's so large its partly-molten rock could fill the Grand Canyon 11 times over. It sits 12 to 28 miles (19 to 45km) beneath the supervolcano and measures 11,035 cubic miles (46,000 cubic km) Each of these quakes created waves that 'echoed' around the supervolcano.
Cigar consumption more than doubled from 6.2billion in 2000 to more than 13.7billion in 2011 – in contrast with a 33 per cent fall for cigarettes. Researchers analysed 22 studies, including five from Britain. Found the risks for cigar smokers of dying from oral, oesophageal or lung cancer was at least as bad as for cigarettes.
Former Young Divas singer Kate DeAraugo turned to drugs and overeating to mask her crippling depression after gaining considerable weight. The 29-year-old underwent dramatic gastric sleeve surgery in May 2012 to help her lose a staggering 68 kg.
Dr Warren Weinstein was killed in a US drone strike in Pakistan in January. It has now been claimed his family gave money to his captors. They are said to have demanded the release of prominent Afghan prisoners. They are also said to have used him as a shield to protect a senior Al Qaeda operative while in captivity. His wife Elaine has slammed the US government's response to his abduction.
Alessandra, 34, is star of new campaign for Dafiti. Latin America’s largest online fashion retailer has launched its own fashion collection. The mother-of-two is No. 8 on Forbes list of top-earning models.
Kyle Toth, who runs his own custom woodworking business, built the seesaw from trees behind his workshop in Temecula, California. It measures a whopping 45ft in length, and according to its maker, sends its occupiers into the air at a height of around 25ft. There is no seat attached to the trunk but handrails have been added for support and ropes help people get on.
Kim has long had her pick of holiday destinations. But how have her holiday tastes changed over the years? We take a trip down memory lane to see how. her passport stamps have evolved.
Brain scans on 17 professional comedians revealed differences. Super speakers showed less activity in a key area of the brain. This suggests they were putting less effort into the basic mechanics of speech.
Eni Mevish was studying to become a policewoman when she was murdered. She had met David Marshall while out jogging six months earlier. The 68-year-old was on licence for sexually assaulting a 14-year-old girl. Six months later he stormed her home and killed her with a kitchen knife. He must serve a minimum of 20 years and six months for her murder.
Bill Parker, 34, of Gulfport was mowing his lawn on April 19 when the rusty metal wire entered his left nostril. Parker thought a rock had struck him in the face but after going to Memorial Hospital a scan revealed it was a three-and-a-half-inch metal fence wire. Dr Timothy Haffey removed the wire with a simple sinus surgery which took 20 minutes and entailed making an incision on Parker's upper lip.
Atlantis, The Palm has two underwater suites with enough room for five guests. Poseidon and Neptune boast floor-to-ceiling views directly into Ambassador Lagoon aquarium. Perks include soap with 24-carat gold flakes and 24-hour private butler service.
Navinder Sarao's parents' semi is closer to an internet server used by exchanges. This gave him a nanosecond advantage over rivals in the City of London. Thousands of high-frequency trades could be processed faster than dealers. Sarao, 36, was dubbed the 'Hound of Hounslow' after it emerged he lived at home with his parents, despite allegedly making £26.7million. He was arrested on Tuesday at the request of US authorities. They have accused him of helping trigger Wall Street 'Flash Crash' of 2010.
Richard Hammond has ruled out returning to hit BBC motoring show Top Gear. Tweeted: 'To be clear amidst all this talk of us 'quitting' or not: there's nothing for me to 'quit'. Not about to quit my mates anyway' Comes as former executive producer Andy Wilman launched scathing attack on'meddling BBC executives' in editorial today. Mr Wilman, who is childhood friend of Clarkson, sensationally quit the Corporation yesterday.
The Apple Watch is officially going on sale today - but none of its locations will have them in stock. Instead, consumers have to pre-order the watches online and wait for their arrival until June. Analysts believe Apple is sitting on some two million pre-orders and that sales could top 20 million this year.
Total of five players ejected from Thursday's game at Chicago's U.S. Cellular Field. A heated exchange between Royals starter Yordano Ventura and White Sox outfielder Adam Eaton sparked the brawl. Ventura, Lorenzo Cain and Edinson Volquez were sent off along with Chicago's Chris Sale and Jeff Samardzija.
Study by Consumer Reports in the US found 60 per cent of prawns tested contained traces of harmful bacteria. This included E.coli, MRSA, salmonella and vibrio - a major cause of food poisoning. Many prawns sold in the UK also come from places such as Thailand and Indonesia.
Samantha Crossland, 30, stole £22,642 from the Child's Play nursery. She was promoted to manager at the nursery by its owner Lynda Quigley. Crossland's parents Michael and Susan won more than £1.2 million on the lottery. She was sentenced to a 12-month community order and 180 hours unpaid work.
Highlights is limited to English-language readers with the Twitter app installed on an Android device. Users who opt into the service on their Android device will see a new Highlights section in a push notification. A push notification leads to an area where users can browse popular tweets from people they know, as well as trending stories. It is the latest by Twitter to boost engagement for its members amid growth which is slower than some rival social networks.
B-list stars will be breathing a sigh of relief after TV station shelving plans. State broadcaster RTVE has axed plans for reality show about bull running. Corporation caved in after town's authorities said they would refuse to cooperate. Mayor said he feared the broadcasters would turn festival into Big Brother.
SkyWest Airlines flight 5622 was flying from Chicago to Connecticut. Pilot made emergency landing in Buffalo, New York, on Wednesday. Three passengers reported loss of cabin pressure an hour after take-off. Pilot descended 30,000 feet in just eight minutes with life-saving oxygen masks on.
Conrad Clitheroe, 54, Gary Cooper, 45, and Neil Munro were arrested in February. They were stopped by police for writing down aircraft registration numbers. Despite being told they would not be detained, they were taken to a police station. They were held in Fujairah Prison for two months before being released. Charges of espionage against the trio have now been dropped.
Imran Uddin, 25, tried to cheat his way to a better degree by hacking into university computers. He attached a'shadowing' keyboard device to the back of a number of machines. The device recorded key strokes and was able to find staff passwords. Uddin then changed the marks he had been given for previous assessments. On one paper, he upped his mark from 57 per cent, a lower second grade, to 73 per cent, a first. He was jailed for four months after admitting six breaches to the Computer Misuse Act.
A couple from Louisville Kentucky shared the tragic story of how they accidentally killed their 18-month-old son on Thursday. Brian Bayers tearfully told WAVE how he was preparing to take his son back to day-care on February 13 when he went outside to warm up his truck and drive it closer to the house. Bayers thought his son Jackson was playing inside but when he got out of his truck he noticed that the back door of his house was wide open. Jackson was hit by the front wheels of the vehicle backing up and when the front wheels back around, he essentially walked right into the side of the
Australian researchers have tested their drone running companion. Called Joggobot it is designed to float in front of jogger when they run. The technology could allow it to track the speed and direction of the runner. And it could be used for other sports like cycling and rowing. The team hope their research could inspire new ways to perform such activities.
Aussie the dog saved his owners Kai, seven, and Sophie, 10, from being electrocuted in a puddle. The family were walking near their home at Caves Beach, near Lake Macquarie, when he was killed suddenly in a puddle that was connected to a fallen live electrical wire. The Hunter Region, Central Coast and Sydney were smashed by wild weather on Monday, Tuesday and Wednesday.
Morgan Geyser and Anissa Weier, both 13, are accused of stabbing classmate Payton Leutner 19 times in May 2014 to please the horror character Slender Man. Geyser's attorney, Anthony Cotton, applied to have her $500,000 bail reduced so that she could get out of jail and seek treatment for schizophrenia and other psychotic disorders. However the Waukesha County circuit judge said Geyser was a flight risk, and even though she is young, she was capable of plotting a sophisticated plan to murder someone.
Research by Asda has found that rump, fillet and T-Bone are the most popular cuts of meat when eating out. But when we cook at home the majority of us rely on burgers or mince. One in four youngsters think pocket and Y-bone are cuts of beef.
Portugal's N-222 road from Peso de Regua to Pinhao named world's best. The 27-mile road cuts through the heart of the stunning Douro Valley. UK's second best road is A591 from Kendal to Keswick in the Lake District.
Locals believe that the unusual practice helps protect the village from drought and disease. Children as young as 10 roast themselves over the fire in the hope it will bring them good luck. Annual fire festival lasts for 11 days and sees dozens of participants dangle over the flames while a Hindu priest uses oil to stoke the blaze.
WARNING: GRAPHIC CONTENT. Veronica Bolina left with horrific injuries in police custody in Sao Paulo. 25-year-old had been arrested over an alleged attack on her 73-year-old neighbour. Reports she was set upon by officers on three occasions leaving face unrecognisable. Police claim injuries were the result of a struggle in which she bit an officer. Outraged supporters have demanded the right for LGBT people to be treated fairly.
No video captured what happened to Freddie Gray inside the police van where officers heaved him into a metal compartment after pinning him to a sidewalk. The cause of his fatal spine injury has not been revealed. But a troubling detail emerged as hundreds of protesters converged on City Hall again Thursday: He was not only handcuffed and put in leg irons, but left without a seat belt during his trip to the station. Unbelted detainees have been paralyzed and even killed by rough rides in what used to be called 'paddy wagons' It even has a name: 'nickel rides,' referring to cheap amusement park thrills.
Thomas Hoey Jr., 43, was sentenced Wednesday to 12.5 years prison for conspiracy to distribute cocaine, conspiracy to suborn and obstruction of justice. Kimberly Calo, 41, died from a lethal mix of cocaine and alcohol during a three-way sex romp at Manhattan's ritzy The Kitano hotel in January 2009. Hoey refused to call 911 after Calo began foaming at the mouth, bleeding from the nose, turned blue and died. He also prevented hotel security coming into the room as Calo - a mother of two - foamed at the mouth, bled from the nose, turned blue
Robert Bates, 73, has been charged with second-degree manslaughter. Eric Harris, 44, was shot dead by Bates during an undercover sting on April 2. A memo from an internal police inquiry revealed colleagues expressed concerns about Bates when he arrived at the Tulsa Sheriff's Office. Documents suggested the department also violated training policies when they employed Bates. Tulsa County District Attorney Steve Kunzweiler has begun contacting outside law enforcement agencies for further investigation after new information surfaced.
Owner Tom George had to leave his dog Shelby stuck by the Great Salt Lake's Spiral Jetty and drive an hour out to the nearest town. But a family was willing to stay with Shelby - and only more and more strangers followed as they heard his story. Shelby has since recovered and his once'splendid coat' is growing back as well.
Gary Goldsmith hit out at a'speeding' cyclist who ran over his dog in Regents Park. The Duchess of Cambridge's uncle posted a picture of the alleged culprit on Twitter. His accompanying message included the words: 'Evil s***... Coming to get ya'
Aaron Bee was wanted by police over an alleged domestic violence and assault. The 22-year-old fled his home and went on the run for two weeks last year. Began taunting officers by taking selfies outside Lincolnshire Police HQ. Was eventually arrested in a cafe after posing outside five different stations. Jailed for eight months but has already been released after less than five months.
Widows of First World War soldiers are visiting the battlefields in Gallipoli for the first time. They will be the guests of honour at the Gallipoli dawn service on Saturday. One hundred years on, the battlefields in Gallipoli have been revisited by ten Australian war widows. Jean Pockett experienced a little heart scare as she arrived in Turkey on Thursday. Mrs Pockett is the widow of Private Arthur Pockett, who fought with Australian forces on the Western Front during the First World War.
Nicholas Salvador, 25, is accused of killing Palmira Silva, 82, with a machete. She was found dead in a garden in Nightingale Road, Edmonton, London. Salvador, nicknamed 'Fat Nick', appeared briefly at London's Old Bailey. He also pleaded not guilty to a separate assault charge, giving same reason.
Mohamad Saeed Kodaimati, 24, a Syrian national and naturalized US citizen, is accused of making false statements to the FBI about his involvement with Syrian militants. Saeed falsely claimed he had not been involved in any fighting, had never fired his weapon at anyone and did not know any Islamic State members. The 24-year-old Californian traveled from San Diego to Istanbul and was in Syria and Turkey until his return to the US in March.
Thousands of visitors from the UK, Australia, New Zealand, India and France have gathered to honour the fallen. The Dardanelles Campaign almost brought to an end the career of its main instigator, Winston Churchill. The beautiful Turkish isthmus, facing the Aegean to the west, is a patchwork of monuments and memorial stones.
911 caller said he was 'going to blow up' landmark Friday afternoon. Police sniffer dogs seized a locker on the island, which they thought contained something suspicious. Full search of Liberty Island failed to find anything explosive.
The neglected cat from Sea Isle City in New Jersey was handed over to the rescue agency S.O.S Sea Isle Cats by a family facing a foreclosure on their home. Luckily for Sprinkles who is too fat to even groom herself, she is being cared for by pet rescue volunteer Stacy Jones Olandt. A healthy weight for Sprinkles would be 10 pounds which is 20 pounds less than she currently weighs.
Monopoly game makers told there is nowhere low-rent to fill Old Kent Road. Thousands of voters have suggested landmarks across the city. But no one has come forward with ideas for which streets should fill the brown sections of the board, which cost $60 in Monopoly money. Exeter has outdone all previous cities to get their own board in the posh stakes, with no suggestions for the lower end.
Mary Todd Lowrance, 49, a teacher at Moises E Molina High School, turned herself into Dallas Independent School District police on Thursday morning. Officers learned of the alleged relationship after Lowrance disclosed details to a coworker who then alerted a Dallas ISD officer. If the student had been a juvenile, the case would have been handled by the Dallas Police Department.
Nicole Kidman, Naomi Watts, Geoffrey Rush and Joel Edgerton have all made significant contributions to Australia through film and television. But recently uncovered documents from Ancestry.com reveal their ancestors have also had a lasting impact on the country through their service and involvement in World War One. Service records belonging to two of Edgerton's great grand-uncles show they were on the battlefield in Gallipoli 100 years ago. The records belong to relatives of the Great Gatsby star are among the 12 million WWI historical documents available in Australia.
Irish tourist Barry Lyttle pleaded guilty to recklessly causing grievous bodily harm to his younger brother Patrick. The 33-year-old has been given a 13-month suspended jail sentence. Patrick spent nearly a week in an induced coma in January following his brother's alleged attack. The brothers plan to speak to youth about the dangers of one-punch assaults when they return to Northern Ireland.
Mary Cartwright was 20 when she was called up to work at Drakelow Shadow Factory in Kidderminster, Worcestershire. She spent two years testing metal for Bristol aircraft engines in the site's underground laboratory. Now, 70 years after leaving her position, the 91-year-old great-grandmother has revisited the now defunct factory.
Abu Hafs al-Badri is believed to be the cousin of Abu Bakr al-Baghdadi. The teenager blew himself up at a checkpoint in northern Baghdad. He is one of three teenage suicide bombers to have carried out missions. Australian fighter Jake Bilardi, 18, detonated a van filled with explosives.
Surveillance video shows a Sound Transit Link light rail carriage going along a straight trackway in South Seattle. All of a sudden a white sedan veers left into its path. The car gets rapidly rammed back until the train eventually reaches a standstill. Despite the crunch, the driver of the car miraculously escapes uninjured.
Ariana Mason, 21, relived her ordeal at a press conference yesterday. Her lawyer said she had 26 stitches after her face was rammed into table-top. She also claims she was put in a'stranglehold' by an officer at a Las Vegas hotel.
Khalid Rashad, 61, charged with possession of explosive substance and ammunition. Allegedly involved death of Syrian-born cleric Abdul Hadi Arwani, 48. Mr Arwani's body was found in his parked car in Wembley, London, last week. Rashad, of Wembley, has been remanded in custody to appear in court tomorrow.
Efan James was 'well cared-for and loved' by his family, inquest heard. He was sharing a bed with his mother Hannah James, 26, in West Wales. But the next morning he was 'lying face down and unresponsive' Coroner Mark Layton said current advice on 'co-sleeping' is 'confusing'
These secluded settlements are often cut off from the surrounding areas, but are each set in their own natural paradises. In the midst of one of the driest climates on earth, is Huacachina, a town complete with trees, hotels, shops and even an oasis library. The Cliff of Bandiagara in Mali is an impressive series of clay structures, which are home to the Dogon people.
Mysterious white lights spotted near Chile's erupting Calbuco volcano. Amateur cameraman was surprised to see what appeared to be white lights close to the enormous plume of ash and smoke rising from the mouth of the volcano. Pictures have since gone viral with internet user suggesting the lights were either police helicopters, an optical illusion or an alien aircraft. Volcano Calbuco, which has laid dormant for more than 40 years, suddenly erupted on Wednesday causing a thick plume of ash to cloud the sky.
Kevin Bowes, 53, had been a patient of Dr Nicholas Crees for more than 10 years. But in January 2013 his wife visited a different dentist for a second opinion. Mr Bowes went to see the new dentist and was diagnosed with decay. He was told he would need years of remedial treatment to fix the damage. Mr Bowes instructed specialist dental negligence solicitors, who secured a £30,000 payout following a two-year legal battle with Dr Crees.
A stage at Westfield High School in Indiana gave way during a performance of American Pie on Thursday night, sending students plummeting 10 feet into the orchestra pit below. One of the victims suffered critical head trauma as the stage fell. More than a dozen people were taken to hospital, some with minor injuries.
Sharista Giles of Sweetwater, Tennessee, was driving home from a concert in December when a car accident sent her to the hospital with injuries so bad doctors believed she would never recover. She was five months pregnant at the time and in January doctors were forced to deliver the baby early, a little boy the family has named Leighton Isiah Giles. Though Giles was given a two-per cent chance of recovering, Moser was confident her daughter would wake up.
Trussell Trust asks for 'donation' from churches and community groups. Money is needed to pay for Trust's staff, branding materials and PR advice. Charity claims it fed more than a million hungry people last year.
Charlie Stayt was broadcasting from a primary school in Southampton. He missed out the letter 'c' when he scrawled the word on a whiteboard. Viewers took to Twitter to complain about the spelling error.
Nasa scientists in California have revealed a distant image of Curiosity. It was taken by the Mars Reconnaissance Orbiter from 187 miles up. One interesting aspect is that the rover's tracks cannot be seen. This may be due to Martian weather or they blend in with the surface. The rover is now on its way to a region called Logan Pass.
Bobby Burnett forced Samantha Chudley to stop wearing make-up. He wanted to make her less attractive to other men, Exeter Crown Court heard. 30-year-old installed a tracker app on her smartphone and attacked her. Violence and stress of controlling behaviour led her to have two miscarriages. He was jailed for two years and two months after admitting aggravated harassment and making threats to kill.
Wat Pha Luang Ta Bua in Thailand's western Kanchanaburi province - commonly known as 'The Tiger Temple' - has long proved a hit among tourists. However, Thai wildlife officials began a headcount on Friday after allegations three tigers had recently disappeared from the sanctuary. The authorities say the temple has been keeping the animals without the proper paperwork and have vowed to seize them.
Kay Bennett, 33, from Swindon, says tattoos have made her a jobless recluse. Has applied for 40 jobs but has had no success because of them. She says: 'I hope my nightmare will make people think twice about having such visible tattoos especially on your face, neck or hands'
Dr Giorgi-Guarnieri testified on Friday during court hearings in Washington, D.C., that will determine whether John Hinckley Jr. will be allowed to live full time outside a mental hospital. Hinckley's lawyer and treatment team say he's ready to live full time at his 89-year-old mother's home in Virginia under certain conditions. Prosecutors have proposed about three dozen conditions if Hinckley lives permanently at his mother's Williamsburg home.
The Washington couple's three-year-old began complaining of someone talking to him at night. One night they heard a strange man's voice come over the monitor to tell their son: 'Wake up little boy, daddy's looking for you' They believe the stranger has also got into the camera on the device. Technology experts have warned that it is becoming easier for hackers to infiltrate family's baby monitors as many of the newer devices connect to the internet.
Hermann Goering cheated the hangman at Nuremberg by committing suicide. He was deputy to Hitler and the regime's greatest art thief. The infamous military leader plundered private collections and museums. His daughter Edda, 76, has always refused to criticise him.
German teacher suspended from Auguste Remoir college in Limoges, France. Said she hoped 'German tanks come to Renoir to subdue unruly pupils' 17 of 20 pupils in her class signed a petition against the teacher. She has denied any wrong doing and said she was'shocked'
Michael Gridley, 26, masterminded a scam to steal £15,000 of goods from Asda. Stock including alcohol, cigarettes and DVDs were taken from store shelves. They were delivered to addresses using supermarket's home delivery service. Gridley was jailed for a year but managed to land managerial job at Lidl.
Linda and George Hunter spent a lifetime paying off their mortgage. They raised their four children in their home in Garrick Street, Wavertree. But eight years ago the street became part of a regeneration scheme. Liverpool city council bought properties and boarded them up for demolition. The Hunters were offered £85,000 for their home but are now unlikely to sell.
Opera singer Liu Guijuan posted pictures of her headdress on Weibo. It was made from feathers of no less than 80 of the colourful birds. Web users and conservationists criticised her indifference towards animal welfare.
A teenage driver who held her license for one day crashed into a wheelie bin before smashing into a brick wall. The 17-year-old driver sustained serious injuries to her limbs, forehead and abdomen. A 17-year-old female passenger, who was sitting in the rear seat, suffered multiple fractures to her limbs, ribs and serious injuries to her abdomen. Three other passengers were taken to Gosford District Hospital in a stable condition.
The ex-partner of disgraced Queensland politician Billy Gordon has opened up about the years of abuse she suffered. Until now, the mother of his two children, Kristy Peckham has been in hiding. The Queensland government was plunged into crisis after when details of the Cook MP's criminal past emerged. After Mr Gordon's dark past was revealed he resigned from the Labor party but refused to resign from parliament.
Reverend Creflo Dollar, 53, launched an appeal last month for 200,000 people to each donate '$300 or more' so that he could purchase a Gulfstream G650. The wealthy televangelist came under heavy criticism for the appeal but has insisted he needs the plane for preaching work. In a newly posted five-minute clip on YouTube, the Atlanta-based pastor responded to his critics saying: 'The devil thinks I got to discredit that man before he starts showing people Jesus!'
Trio appeared on This Morning to set the record straight about their relationship. Brooke Shedd, 26, and Jane Shalakhova, 25, say they do not'share' Adam. But they are as much in love with each other as they are with him.
Sugar Pine Mine near Medford was served with a federal stop-work order last month. Co-owner Rick Barclay acted after officials said they found equipment on site indicating operations were inconsistent with standard mine development requirements. The owners insist they want to avoid a high profile stand-off while BLM officials say they want to resolve the dispute peacefully. But armed Oath Keepers activists have maintained a constant presence around the mine in recent days.
The large Android shape covers a mountainous region near the city of Shahpur. It is not an official Google feature and the image is believed to have been added using Google's Map Maker. Google told MailOnline: 'We've terminated the Android figure involved in this incident, and he'll be disappearing from Google Maps shortly'
Both William and Kate, whose second child is due tomorrow, have been seen out on shopping trips this week. On Monday, the mother to be was spotted in her local homeware store, Zara Home, in Kensington High Street.
Daniel Morcombe's killer could get out of prison early due to a potential bias in the case. Brett Peter Cowan's lawyers will file an application to have Chief Justice Tim Carmody disqualified from hearing his appeal. Mr Davis said Mr Carmody had met with Bravehearts founder Hetty Johnson, in which she referred to him as 'Tim' and included a smiley face. Daniel, 13, was abducted in 2003 on Queensland's Sunshine Coast while waiting for a bus to go Christmas shopping.
Cobain lived in the two-bedroom apartment during height of Nirvana-mania. Current owner Brandon Kleinman, 31, has listed it on Airbnb. Current guests will have to pay £3016 a month, or £108 a night.
Floyd Mayweather and Manny Pacquiao will fight on May 2 in Las Vegas. Tickets for the highly-anticipated bout are selling for upwards of $130,000. Fans might try to watch the bout for free via live video streaming apps like Periscope or Meerkat. Broadcasters Showtime and HBO could miss out on millions if viewers illegally stream the content between their devices.
Zoo Weekly used the word 'Anzac' without permission from the Minister for Veterans' Affairs. The 'Special Anzac Centenary Issue' was released on the Monday leading up to the Anzac weekend. It included a 10-page feature with a list of '100 things every Aussie should know about Gallipoli' and an interview with cover girl Erin Pash. Social media users were quick to condemn the controversial issue, labelling it 'gross and offensive'
Ibrahim Ahmad, 18, wore a vest filled with paper-tube props made to look like explosives. He stood on the cafeteria stage and held a sign inviting his would-be date to the prom. School Superintendent Mark Mansell says Ahmad's actions were inexcusable and that he deserved punishment for disrupting the learning environment.
Jolie briefed the council as special envoy for the U.N. on refugee issues. When asked about Jolie's briefing, Syria's U.N. Ambassador Bashar Ja'afari responded: 'She is beautiful' Nearly four million Syrians have fled the conflict into neighboring countries, which warn they are dangerously overstretched.
Andre Gignac says he made the'stunning discovery' in a photograph released by Nasa and taken by the Mars rover Opportunity. Claims he became suspicious about a 'dark spot' on the rim of the Endeavour crater he had found in the original image, and so took a closer look. 'I was stunned. It was a massive panoramic window built in the inside wall of the crater,' he says. Other objects found in images of Mars include what some UFO hunters claim to be a fossilised iguana.
Holder, a former judge and U.S. attorney who took the job in 2009, will exit the department as the third-longest serving attorney general in U.S. history. He will be succeeded by Loretta Lynch, 55, who was confirmed by the Senate on Thursday following a months-long delay.
Remmie, 18, had a bar put through her ear as an act of teenage rebellion. When the piercing became inflamed, Remmie was forced to remove the bar. The resulting wound healed into a hazelnut-sized lump known as a keloid scar. She says the unsightly scar has left her feeling less confident.
Shabana Bibi, 25, from the Muzaffargarh district of the country, died in hospital on Saturday after suffering burns to 80 per cent of her body. Police have arrested her husband Muhammad Siddique and father-in-law Pir Bakhsh. Her brother, Muhammad Azam said Siddique became enraged on learning his wife had visited her sister without first asking him if she could go out.
Carol Cole, 17, disappeared from a Texas juvenile detention center in October 1980 after moving from Michigan with her mother. In January 1981, police in Bossier Parish, Louisiana, found a teenage girl stabbed nine times in the back and chest stashed under a pile of leaves in the woods. Carol's family posted images of the teen on Craigslist in hopes of jogging the memory of anyone who may have known her. DNA confirmed that the remains found in the woods were Carol's after 34 years. John Chesson, who is already in prison for an unrelated murder, is named as a person of interest in Carol's
Toddler suffered horrific facial injuries after Alaskan Malamute clamped its jaws around her head at their home in Pembrokeshire. She was playing in the garden when her family heard screams and ran to find their eight-year-old dog 'gripping' the three-year-old by her head. They wrestled the animal free but the toddler suffered deep puncture wounds to her face and skull. The dog was taken to a nearby vet and the family gave permission for their pet to be destroyed.
Alyssa Marie Chang, 56, allegedly kidnapped her lover's other girlfriend and her two-year-old son last week. The kidnapping sparked an Amber Alert and a statewide manhunt. Chang's brother John Truong agreed to babysit 2-year-old Ronnie Tran on Tuesday. He says his sister dropped off the boy, saying the toddler was her boyfriend's son and they wanted to go on a date night. Truong was reading Facebook in the morning when he realized that Ronnie had been abducted. He then called police, and they picked up the boy safe. Chang has since been arrested on charges
British warship HMS Bulwark and German supply ship Berlin are expected to be sent to the region within days. Pledge of resources came as victims of the worst-ever migrant disaster in the Mediterranean were buried in Malta.
Ciudad Real airport was built in 2009 at a cost of more 1billion. It was closed three years later when its parent company fell into financial difficulties. The terminal, where 5million passengers should have been passing through each year, is eerily empty.
Julieane Jablonski 'gave her son Austin Essig, 19, a marijuana-laced brownie that caused him to jump out of a third-story window earlier this month' Essig, who suffered non-life-threatening injuries, commented on a police post about the incident, saying: 'It was quite the trip for a brownie, I can tell you that much' Jablonski 'told Essig to recant his statement to the police and lie about where the marijuana came from'
Connor Sullivan, 17, of Cupertino, California, went to first period class on Monday morning and never came home. Police and 250 volunteers had searched for the 5'5'' 150lb boy, who did not have a car. Sullivan told police that he ate fruit trees at Monta Vista High School, which has rows of pineapple guavas and pear-like quinces.
Tipper Lewis, 43, has been reaping the benefits of superfoods for twenty years. credits the likes of chia seeds, bee pollen and matcha green tea with her boundless energy and good health. Her wrinkle-free skin, boundless energy and the fact that she doesn't even have a doctor are testament to the power of superfoods.
Researchers extracted DNA from the remains of two woolly mammoths. One was found in Oimyakon, Siberia and the other on Wrangel Island, north of Russia in the Arctic Ocean. They found that the last of the mammoths on Wrangel Island had been isolated for at least 5,000 years, eking out a meager existence there before dying out 4,500 years ago. Genetic analysis showed that the parents of the mammoth found on Wrangel Island had been distant relatives, suggesting the population had been inbreeding. Study has also raised the prospect of bringing the giant mammal back to life using cloning techniques with
Vivienne Garton, 65, was devastated when her 10-year-old dog Ben was stolen. She put posters up near her home in Knowle West, Bristol, appealing for him. But shortly after she received two phone calls from an anonymous man. He threatened to cut up the pet unless she paid £500 unless she handed over address. Police are now investigating and Mrs Garton says she is'sick and scared'
Most of the compensation consisted of stock valued at $100 million. It was the largest stock package that Schmidt has received since 2011 when Google Inc. awarded him a bundle valued at $94 million. Schmidt also pocketed a $1.25 million salary, a $6 million bonus and perks valued at nearly $1 million.
Pregnant Canadian weather presenter Kristi Gordon recently received hate mail from viewers. Australian TV presenter Nicky Buckley has opened up about her controversial nine month pregnancy in 1997. She continued to present on The Sale of the Century and wore bump-hugging dresses. In her memoir, 'Nicky Buckley: A Memoir', she details the backlash she received. 'I wasn't out to raise the flag or cause a stir, I simply wanted to work – as was my right,' she said.
Sanjay Chaddah concocted a 'tissue of lies' after boundary dispute. Claimed Dean Paton had kicked him and called him a 'P**i' But the move backfired when police discovered the altercation had been caught on CCTV and cleared Mr Paton of any wrongdoing. Chaddah, 43, given a six-month suspended sentence for common assault and perjury.
Britain is set to go from being hotter than Turkey and Ibiza to colder than Moscow, Stockholm and Finland in a matter of days. The Met Office has forecast rain through the morning in the capital with the chance of thunderstorms and heavy downpours early on.
The Dairy Milk Spectacular will contain one row each of: Dairy Milk Caramel, Dairy Milk Fruit & Nut, Dairy Milk Whole Nut, Dairy Milk Oreo, Dairy Milk Daim, and Dairy Milk Turkish. Cadbury team worked alongside food artist Prudence Staite to create the bar.
Three years ago on New Year's Day, LaNia Roberts made a resolution to lose weight and love herself more. The Syracuse University art student recently gave a motivational speech titled 'Love Yourself Unconditionally'
'Today, we move on. Of course, we would have liked to bring our great products to new cities, but we structured this deal so that if the government didn’t agree, we could walk away,' Comcast CEO Brian Roberts said in a statement. On Wednesday night, it emerged that Federal Communications regulators decided that merger wasn't in the public interest. This followed fierce opposition from net neutrality activists and content providers like Disney and 21st Century Fox.
Vonda Thedford, 55, says she spotted the mysterious carcass lying on the ground earlier this month. When she stopped to look at the dead creature, she was disturbed to see it had 'a little truck' in place of a nose, 'little toes' and 'hair on its tail' The restaurant worker says the images have left people baffled and no-one has been able to identify the bloated and hairless critter.
Graeme Finlay, 53, went on trial after retired engineer Ron Phillips, 70, and his wife June, 69, were knocked unconscious. The frail couple accused Finlay of an unprovoked attack that left the grandfather with a gash to his forehead and his wife with two fractured vertebrae. But the 16-stone gas worker insisted he only acted in self-defence when hit by Mr Phillips wielding his crutch.
Bradley Parkes was discovered hanging in the woods with a suicide note. His mother Tiffany, 35, shared a picture of her son in hospital. She said he had been tormented for months by a gang of teenagers in Coventry. She described how her son had been robbed at knifepoint several times.
Beach hut on Mudeford Spit in Christchurch, Dorset, has gone on the market for £230,000 - the same price as a family home in many parts of Britain. Hut 433 commands spectacular views across Christchurch Bay to the Needles and the Isle of Wight, but the vista is blighted by a rubbish skip. It has no mains water or electricity and can only be reached via boat or a novelty 'Noddy' train.
Clive Schlee, chief executive of Pret, revealed his staff have power to hand out a coffee to people they like or fancy. FEMAIL writer Deni Kirkova visited six different Prets across London to find out what it takes to get a free coffee from staff.
Tibetan Mastiffs used to command prices of up to £1.2million each. But they are now being sent to slaughterhouses and put into cheap hotpots. Dramatic decline blamed on Chinese government's wide-reaching anti-corruption crackdown.
Scientists at the National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration in Newport, Oregon, recorded underwater eruptions using hydrophones. They found the lava bubbles produced a distinctive acoustic signature. The research could allow scientists to monitor undersea volcanoes far more effectively than they have before. Recent study found that emissions from underwater volcanoes may play a far greater role in influencing the climate than previously thought.
Sawyer Sweeten, 19, shot himself in the head while visiting family in Texas. His manager, Dino May, said there were no signs of trouble prior to him taking his own life in the upstairs part of the house while family members were downstairs. May said: 'There was no depression, no nothing. He was a good kid. Teenage stuff, but no depression, no signs or anything' The child actor, who appeared in 139 episodes of the popular US sitcom, was said by his manager to be anti-drugs, very quiet and very shy.
DeShawn Isabelle punched the 41-year-old woman in the head from behind and then dragged her to the ground by pulling on her hair. Isabelle also stole $2,000 in cash that the woman was going to wire back to her family in Thailand and spent it on junk food, Air Jordan track suits and his graduation fees. Isabelle was charged as an adult with aggravated sexual assault and robbery and is being held on $1million bail.
Brianne Altice pleaded guilty to three counts of forcible sexual abuse in exchange for prosecutors dropping 11 other counts, including several first-degree felonies. One of the boys was 16 and two were 17 when they were having sex with Davis High School English teacher Brianne Altice, 35. But the boys were all minors, and Utah law also says a person cannot consent to sex if the other person is in a position of special trust. Altice could face up to 45 years in prison when she is sentenced next month.
Paracyclist Liz McTernan will attempt to beat the women's arm-powered speed record in Nevada in September. She will travel in excess of 21.39 miles per hour (34.42 km/h) over a 656ft (200-metres) stretch of tarmac. The current benchmark is held by Tracy Miller who broke the record on 13 May 1995 on a bike called Chairiot. Ms McTernan's HPV was designed by mechanical and composites engineers and students from Plymouth University. It has two wheels at the front and one at the back to make it more aerodynamic. Pads either side
Charles Severance, 54, has been charged with the murders of Nancy Dunning, Ron Kirby and Ruthanne Lodato, in Alexandria, Virginia. His writing appeared to echo a biblical passage and included the words: 'The last scream of a victim echoes to eternity... Murder on my mind, and my mind on murder'
Sergeant Louise Lucas, 41, was killed by a bus while trying to save her daughter. She was off-duty and on a shopping trip when she was struck in Swansea. Onlookers say the pair were inches from the bus but Sgt Lucas managed to push her daughter to safety and took full impact. Hundreds of police officers lined the roads to her funeral in Cardiff today. Her husband Gavin Lucas, 36, walked into the church hand-in-hand with their daughter Olivia and son Lloyd.
Kim Pappas, 25, gave birth two hours into her working day at Ceva Logistics in Wyandotte, Michigan, on March 31. She disappeared to the bathroom to deliver the boy - and cut the umbilical cord with cuticle scissors. Nobody at the company knew she was pregnant until they saw blood in the cubicle. She has been charged with premeditated murder and denied bail.
Brian Cassidy was picking up trash outside the store in Bangor, Maine on Thursday when he discovered the wet stack of cash. He immediately contacted the store's security to tell them what he had found and they then contacted the police department. A man later identified as Ou Chen had visited the security office last winter to claim he had lost about $4,000 in the parking lot. He had intended to send the money home to his family but after clearing snow off his car, he realized his pocket was empty. He went to the security office to ask if the money had been turned in or if surveillance footage had revealed what could
Eve Stratford, 22, was a Playboy bunny when she was murdered in 1975. Six months later, Lynne Weedon, 16, was attacked and raped in Hounslow. She was found abandoned and barely alive at an electricity sub-station. Both murders were linked in 2006 after matching DNA was discovered on victims. Detectives believe the suspect for both murders is now in his 60s or 70s.
The tiny nipper - measuring just 5.5 inches long - was caught during a 2010 government research trip and its body remained frozen while biologists went about identifying it. This week scientists revealed the dinky creature is a pocket shark - a miniature variation of the more popular kinds. The young male is the second of its species ever seen.
Taliban militants opened the offensive today with a failed rocket attack on a US base in Bagram air base. Improvised explosive devices (IEDs) were also reportedly detonated in Kunar and Khost province. The Taliban announced the launch of Operation Azm, meaning 'determination', on Wednesday, revealing fresh plans to target government buildings and Afghan security forces.
Little Jiaojiao only survived because rain canopies and laundry racks broke her fall in Zheng Du City, Central China. Her mother, Zheng Jiayu, 31, who left Jiaojiao at home on her own, now cannot afford the huge £100,000 medical bill.
The One Direction star was pictured barefoot and sitting on the edge of a sofa during a stay at London's Soho Hotel on Wednesday night. He appeared to be rolling a joint while sat next to a box filled with a suspicious substance. A series of newly-released Snapchat shots of the raucous gathering have emerged, appearing to show Louis in his hotel room in the early hours of Thursday morning.
Samsung's previous watches have all had rectangular faces, or in the case of the Gear S, a curved design. The Korean firm's latest wearable device will be the 7th generation of Samsung Gear with a wrist watch type. In a press release, Samsung said: 'The new wearable device will be the 7th generation of Samsung Gear with a wrist watch type' It added this is the first time Samsung has released its wearable SDK to developers before the official product announcement. Analysts believe Apple is sitting on some two million pre-orders and that sales could top 20 million this year.
Andrew Hichens, 28, is the first person to be trained to respond to all types of 999 calls. He will work with one PC, two PCSOs in Hayle, Cornwall. Father-of-two will mostly be patrolling his beat and spreading safety messages.
Kim Woodward has been appointed head chef at the famous venue. The 34-year-old follows in the footsteps of matre chefs who have headed the kitchen since its opening in the Strand, London in 1889. Auguste Escoffier was installed by hotel manager César Ritz when the Savoy first opened.
Zeta Beta Tau at the University of Florida and Emory University in Atlanta, Georgia, have been accused of the deplorable behavior. Warrior Beach Retreat is designed to give those who have sacrificed their lives for their country a relaxing break with their families at the luxurious Lakedown Wharf Resort. But instead of being acknowledged for their service, some of the attendees claim they were subjected to taunts and watched as the drunk youngsters, who were attending a formal, threw beer off the balcony.
Birmingham topped league table for highest number of rat exterminations. The Midlands city had 15,000 calls between 2013 and 2014 for bugs. Newcastle named as the most pest-infested place in the country with 5% of residents reporting problems with rats, cockroaches, wasps and bed bugs.
Christien Sechrist, a 20-year-old from Houston, Texas, had a black and white image of his young son Perseus etched onto the left side of his head in July.
Lucy, 23, and Lydia, 19, star in new beauty campaign for Sunkissed. Lucy said it was'really lovely working together' because they don't get to see each other often. Lucy also promotes her healthy lifestyle and is a fitness guru.
Women's Health Initiative in the US conducted one of the world's largest studies into the effects of hormone replacement therapy. Found strong evidence the treatment increases a woman's risk of breast cancer. In the UK the Million Women Study found it doubled a woman's risk. Now scientists have warned women who take the combined oestrogen and progesterone HRT therapy continue to have a high risk of breast cancer.
Towie has been ignored by investors in favour of the oil industry. But a two-year investigation has revealed the possible existence of gold deposits worth millions. Gold was discovered by Aberdeen University in nearby Rhynie in the 1990s.
Bad weather may destroy weekend plans in multiple states, with both thunderstorms and tornadoes forecast to strike. The news comes after a tornado touched down in Florida on Thursday afternoon, but did not cause any damage. On Thursday evening, thunderstorms were predicted to take place in a number of states, including in parts of South Dakota, Nebraska, Kansas, and Texas. For Saturday, severe thunderstorms would strike Nashville, Memphis, Atlanta, Tallahassee, Jacksonville, New Orleans, and Jackson. For Sunday, thunderstorms may occur in Kansas, Texas, and Oklahoma.
Labour leader accused the PM of taking his eye off the ball in Libya. He said he failed to secure a stable transfer of power in the wake of uprising. Claimed crisis was 'in part a direct result' of Mr Cameron's foreign policy. Up to 1,750 refugees have lost their lives trying to reach Europe this year.
1954 Bentley R-Type Continental Fastback was expected to sell for £200,000. But it ended up being sold for £739,212 - a record for the auction house. The car was commissioned by Welsh racing driver R D Weatherall. When it is ready, it could be worth more than £1million.
Robert O'Neill, who claims to have killed Al Qaeda leader, offered change of stay. Guests will stay in luxury Amangani Resort Hotel in Jackson Hole, Wyoming. Includes clay pigeon shooting and'machine gun fun' competition. O'Neill is being investigated by NCIS for allegedly revealing classified information.
Elizabeth 'Elle' Edmunds established an online fundraising page in August 2014 claiming she had ovarian cancer and seeking money for medical treatment. Police alleged the 31-year-old used a falsified doctor's certificate stating she had terminal cancer to raise about $2500 from her page. In February, Ms Edmunds told a court she was put up to the act by her violent partner John Heagney, and did it because she feared for her life. She was issued a court notice this week for the offence of two counts of obtaining benefits by deception, and will appear at Belmont Local Court in June.
George Kirby and 91-year-old Doreen Luckie will marry on June 13. They met 27 years ago through an organisation for mature people. Between them they have had seven children, 15 grandchildren and seven great-grandchildren.
Barbara Anne Beam was being looked after by her elderly sister and nephew when she passed away in her bedroom in Greenville on January 2. The coroner's office found she died from a blood clot in her lung and ruled that her death was homicide by neglect. Prosecutors are now deciding whether to charge the family members.
A cheeky African elephant has become a regular visitor to a South African safari lodge. Staff at Etali Safari Lodge have nicknamed the elephant Troublesome. He takes a particular liking to the resort's pool and deck area. Troublesome likes to dip his trunk into the pools for a drink, but also enjoys having some fun with the humans.
Christopher Whitmore, 36, shot wife Melissa Ball, 27, and son Grayden, 8. He then turned the gun on himself at a gas station in Varnell, Georgia. Ball and Whitmore had a history of domestic issues, police said.
The fast-casual chain will work with the Postmates app to begin offering delivery for online and mobile orders in 67 cities. Chipotle plans to add a nine per cent service charge - with the delivery fees for Postmates beginning at $5 and up, depending on distance and demand.
Eva Kor, 81, embraced Oskar Groening, 93, as he stood in dock accused of complicity to murder 300,000 people at Auschwitz. Groening was 'Bookkeeper of Auschwitz' because it was his responsibility to collate and ship the valuables of the doomed back to the SS in Berlin. Mrs Kor travelled more than 4,000 miles from home in Indiana, US, to the hearing in Luneburg, Germany.
Navinder Singh Sarao, 37, is facing extradition to the U.S. on charges of manipulating the market. He is accused of causing the 2010 Wall Street 'flash crash' and making £26m. Was bailed with a £5m surety but has failed to pay the money. He will remain in custody at Westminster Magistrates' Court until Monday.
Liam Byrne left infamous note on his desk after Labour's election defeat. Memo said: 'Dear Chief Secretary, I'm afraid that there is no money' It was found by his Liberal Democrat successor David Laws. Mr Alexander today sent a letter to Mr Byrne apologising for the note. It said: 'The deficit halved. Jobs up. That's the Liberal Democrat record'
Xie Shisheng was just 16 years old when he was imprisoned by the mill owner. Now 34, a very gaunt Xie said he was hit with a hammer, never fed properly and beaten daily.
Bahar Mustafa, 27, is the student union's Welfare and Diversity Officer. Last week she banned men and white people from a 'diversity' meeting. Picture of her in front of the sign appeared on her Facebook page. It referred to a ban on 'cis' or cisgender men, a term used for transgenders.
Concept artist Alex Brady from Cambridge has created beautiful pictures of what space travel might look like. He imagines a space station of tomorrow similar to Las Vegas, with neon lights and plenty of attractions. The station is located in orbit around Earth, allowing planes to seemingly take off from a runway and land back on Earth without having to use an expendable rocket. The cylindrical design would allow the space station to rotate and provides its inhabitants with artificial gravity.
Benjamin Mellor ripped open one of the 41 bales of cocaine after food ran out. The 35-year-old window cleaner was arrested after Naval officers stormed the yacht. He was jailed for eight years after admitting drug trafficking and importation. Thomas Britteon, 28, also received eight years for the same charges. John Powell, 70, was sentenced for 10 years at Cork circuit criminal court.
The Marry British Royalty Spinner Charm comes in 14K gold vermeil or sterling silver for $198 and $148, respectively. The jewelry brand's founder and designer Nicole Parker King launched the collection in 2014 after traveling on six different continents and nearly 50 countries.
Kerrie Armitage, from Leeds, suffers from the ultra-rare condition aquagenic urticaria – an allergy to water. She was diagnosed two years ago after her skin erupted in agonising blisters when she got caught in a rain storm. Now the 28-year-old has had to stop kissing her husband of four years, because the saliva on his lips can trigger a painful flare-up.
From biometric scanning to iPad-controlled hotel rooms, glimpses into the future of travel have already begun popping up. Skyscanner believes that travel search and booking will become as easy as buying a book on Amazon. Global Futurist Daniel Burrus believes that each of us may have an 'e-agent,' inside a watch or small piece of jewellery.
Lincolnshire resort joins picturesque places such as St Ives and Windermere. Billy Butlin located his first holiday park at Skegness in 1936. It is number five among the UK's holiday home hotspots behind Windermere.
Sydney's Dan Churchill toured the US to promote his cook book 'Dude Food' on Good Morning America (GMA) on Tuesday. The 25-year-old was on set to promote news song and a recipe called 'Getting out of the dog house' GMA producer heard about Churchill saying 'Aussieness' and that women will love his 'Aussieness' and that the 'bromance' is real.
Australians have taken to social media to remember the sacrifice of the Anzacs. Record numbers gathered at dawn services across the country to commemorate the 100th anniversary of the Gallipoli landing. Proud Aussies came together in huge numbers in Sydney, while more paid their respects in Queensland's regional towns. Tens of thousands also assembled at Melbourne's Shrine of Remembrance, despite cold and wet conditions.
Lisa Heath, 45, was an assistant at Willowtown Community Primary School. A colleague discovered white powder in her bag and reported it to police. She initially denied the drugs were hers, saying they had been planted on her. But she later changed her story, accepting a caution for possession. She has now been suspended from the school in Ebbw Vale, Gwent.
Ed Miliband has been touring the country with the prop during election campaign. Labour leader has delivered key speeches in campaign stood behind the lectern. But it has also been deployed when he is just making brief remarks. Comes after it was revealed he has hired a 'leadership consultancy' firm. Labour leader has seen his party's lead slip with less than two weeks until election.
'Project Elysium' claims to create a 'personalised afterlife experience' with loved ones who have passed. The app's developers have yet to reveal exactly how the technology will work. What little we do know comes from their Twitter account, which features a screenshot showing someone being transformed into a 3D model.
John Elder and Armin T. Wegner both documented the unimaginable suffering they witnessed in images which helped build a case against a Turkish government. As Armenians mark 100 years since the atrocities, many Western countries still do not use that word. US president Barack Obama is once again unlikely to do so in his upcoming statement marking the anniversary.
Paul Nungesser, a German citizen, was accused of raping Emma Sulkowicz, a senior majoring in visual arts, in 2013. Sulkowicz publicly paraded her mattress in protest, calling for his indictment. Nungesser's lawsuit citing 'gender-based harassment and defamation', presented the allegations as fact on a university-owned website.
Islamic State have reportedly launched their own 'health service' bearing remarkable similarities to the publicly funded British health service. Even the acronym appears to be an unimaginative copy of the UK's free health system. The video features an Australian pediatrician and an Indian physiologist, urging foreign doctors to travel to Syria and help ISIS with their new health care service.
aspartame has been linked to a range of health problems, although research has shown it to be safe. PepsiCo said today it is dropping the ingredient from the popular drink in the U.S. in response to customer feedback. Diet Pepsi, Caffeine-Free Diet Pepsi and Wild Cherry Diet Pepsi will now contain sucralose, another artificial sweetener commonly known as Splenda. Decision to swap sweeteners comes after a decade of plummeting sales.
A new species of frog has been found in Brazil. Called Hylodes japi, it was found to mate underground in secret chambers. Males and females typically find a spot to mate in about five minutes. And the male will cover up the eggs to protect them from predators.
Yellowstone Area Bar Association President Jessica Fehr said Thursday that former state District Judge G. Todd Baugh of Billings was chosen for the award by the group's board of directors. Baugh, 73, sparked widespread outrage in 2013 over comments suggesting that 14-year-old Cherice Moralez shared some responsibility for her rape by a teacher. At former teacher Stacey Rambold's sentencing, Baugh said Moralez was 'as much in control of the situation' as Rambold. Moralez killed herself before the case went to trial. Despite the embarrassment Baugh brought on the Montana judiciary, at least
Jenrry Mejia has been suspended for 80 games after testing positive for a banned substance. The 25-year-old right hander will not be able to play again until at least July. Mejia is on the disabled list with an inflamed elbow.
Pasco County Sheriff's office reported it has received death threats since footage emerged of Deputy Kerry Kempink killing the dog. The video, shot on Kempink's body camera, showed the deputy jumping a fence into the property where he as then confronted by two dogs. Within seconds he had shot the first Rottweiler which was barking at him and turned his gone on the other. The dogs' devastated owner then comes out, and told the deputy 'they're not even vicious' before begging him to put him out of his misery.
Jenna Marotta, 27, of New York, suffered from dermatillomania - an impulse control disorder characterized by the uncontrollable desire to pick at one's skin.
Anthony Martinez had reached his wits' end trying to find a date for his May 2 dance. In a last-ditch attempt to find a suitor, he tuned to social media and was over-joyed when his straight guy friend, Jacob Lescenski, stepped in. Lescenski greeted Martinez in the locker room at Desert Oasis High School on Tuesday morning with a huge pink banner reading: 'You're hella gay, I'm hella str8, but you're like my brother, so be my d8?' Martinez instantly responded to the question with a big 'yes' and excited
Surveillance cameras caught the thief taking $9,000 out of the account of Kate Sullivan at Chase branches in Commack and Freeport on September 23, 2014. State police say the female suspect then racked up $4,000 in bills after opening four store credit cards in Sullivan's name in New Haven, Connecticut. Sullivan, who had lung cancer, was informed of the fraud while fighting for her life at Memorial Sloan Kettering Cancer Center in New York. She died five days later.
Daniela D'Addario's body was found in the boot of her car on Wednesday. The 35-year-old Canberra woman was reported missing on Monday. Her boyfriend Josaia 'Joey' Vosikata, 27, has been charged with her murder. The pair had been in a'very tumultuous relationship' for about four months. Ms D'Addario found out a month ago that he had a secret wife and children back home in Fiji.
1986 file is mentioned in an investigation into an alleged government cover up. But the Home Office has refused to comment on the dossier, it is alleged. News comes as Lord Janner case prompts 30 more alleged victims to come forward.
Lewis Hamilton sprayed champagne straight into the face of a hostess. Leading group which campaigns against sexism condemns the driver. Others have called him an 'embarrassment to the UK' and 'ignorant clown'
Mr X was caught on camera driving his Honda sports car at 67mph. He initially ignored police attempts to confirm who was driving the car. He tried to fight the speeding charge in six different courts for five years. Eventually admitted perjury and perverting the course of justice at Ipswich Crown Court.
Randy and Jodi Speidel, from Bellefontaine, Ohio, created online fundraisers begging for financial help in late February. Couple had been living without gas all winter, had no running water and cut down their food intake to one meal a day. Their landlord found a note warning passersby of carbon monoxide poisoning in their home Tuesday.
Transport for London has launched a campaign to tackle abuse on public transport. Video in which a female commuter is groped while on the Tube. One in ten Londoners have experienced unwanted sexual behaviour on public transport, but 90 per cent of these incidents go unreported.
Bianca Gascoigne was mugged by a gang on bikes in central London on Tuesday. The 28-year-old was talking on her phone when she was targeted by muggers. They grabbed her phone and then attempted to snatch her bag from her. But Miss Gascoigne fought them off and ran away and is said to be devastated. Her phone is said to have been full of private texts from her father Paul.
Scottish First Minister says she understands concerns of English voters. Polls suggest the SNP is on the brink of a landslide on a scale unprecedented in modern British politics.
UKIP leader said pain meant he was not 'firing on all cylinders' during campaign. He revealed he was suffering after a flare-up of an old spinal injury. Farage was pictured smoking an e-cigarette yesterday.
Karen Buckley died of head and neck injuries, according to her death certificate. The 24-year-old's parents have spoken of their heartbreak at losing their 'cherished' daughter. Alexander Pacteau, 21, appeared at Glasgow Sheriff Court today. He was charged with the murder of the Irish student and attempting to defeat the ends of justice on April 17. Her death certificate was officially issued by a registrar in Glasgow on Wednesday.
Ariana Miyamoto, 20, was crowned Miss Japan last month. She is the first ever mixed race beauty queen to represent her country. But she has faced horrific racial abuse growing up in Sasebo, Japan. She was the only black girl in her class and was called a 'n****r' Her father told MailOnline: 'Just get to know her. She will represent Japan very well'
James Webster filmed up women's skirts as they bent over chest freezers. 35-year-old was caught after shopper spotted him moving bag closer to victim. He admitted outraging public decency at previous hearing and was warned he could face prison. But he was spared jail and handed a three year community order.
Cops began following the wild animal after it was spotted scurrying through Battery Park City at 6am. For two hours it evaded capture, with one witness describing hows cops were chasing it 'like a suspect' It is not known whether it was the same coyote that was spotted in Manhattan's riverside park on Wednesday.
Lord Fellowes, 65, has revealed he is to turn Trollope's 1858 novel Doctor Thorne into a new three-part historical drama for ITV. Trollope's tale is considered one of his best works and Fellowes's track record in both television and film is likely to attract an A-list cast. TV insiders say Hugh Bonneville, who plays Lord Grantham in Downton, and Lily James would be ideal as Thomas Thorne and Mary.
Peter Gale was dismissed by Nonsuch High School For Girls two weeks ago. The 47-year-old was sacked for 'unprofessional and inappropriate conduct' Mail on Sunday investigation has revealed he sent 'informal' emails to pupil. School rules forbid teachers sending messages to pupils from private email accounts. National Union of Teachers implied Mr Gale's actions only amounted to a breach of the school's information and communications technology rules.
From the Indiana 'ghost cane' to the 'chair of death', these regular household fixtures are sure to give you the creeps. Jacob Cooley murdered a slave named Hosea for building a chest which did not meet his standards, leading to the death of 17 people. Four people reportedly died shortly after sitting in this 200-year old 'chair of death' now in Philadelphia.
Shoccara Marcus returned to her childhood home after her father was diagnosed with cancer in 2011. A dancer since she was four years old, her way of coping with the transition was through dance. In Choreographing My Past, a photo series, Marcus said she expresses her feelings of isolation as she copes with her family remembering her as the child she used to be.
Gran Canaria is just four hours from the UK, making it one of the most easily reached locations for guaranteed winter sun. A US academic concluded in 1996 that it enjoyed the best climate in the world. Old Las Palmas is recognised as a Unesco World Heritage Site for its role as an architectural post between the Old and New Worlds.
Alison Saunders, 54, sparked outrage last week by letting off Lord Janner. She decided 86-year-old should not face a string of charges of paedophilia. Now it has emerged she started her career at legal chambers where he was a QC. Bar Council confirmed Janner worked at 1 Garden Court Chambers from 1950s to 1986. But a spokesperson for the CPS insisted the pair had never met.
Cregan has reportedly been moved from HMP Manchester to Ashworth Hospital. The 31-year-old was jailed for life after shooting two police officers in 2012. He reportedly started refusing food at the Category A jail after being moved. A source said: 'He's playing the system. If he's offered a move he likes, he will start eating'
Mary Pat Christie, 51, ditched her $475,000-a-year job at Angelo Gordon & Co. Official reason was 'to spend more time with her family and young children' Move is likely a precursor to Christie's bid for the Republican nomination.
Loveday Jenkin is running for Cornish party Mebyon Kernow in Camborne. She said Michael Foster launched a foul-mouthed attack on her. Mr Foster is standing as the Labour candidate for Camborne and Redruth. Ms Jenkin pointed out that Mr Foster lives in a £1.5 million home.
The actor was asked what he thought of Alejandro Gonzalez Inarritu's claim that superhero movies were 'cultural genocide' The Hollywood star said: 'I think for a man whose native tongue is Spanish to be able to put together a phrase like 'cultural genocide' just speaks to how bright he is' The controversial comments sparked a furious backlash on Twitter, with some calling it 'racist' and 'ignorant' It comes just three days after the 50-year-old, who plays Iron Man in the film, walked out of an interview with Britain's Channel 4.
The actor and his human rights lawyer wife are understood to have invited friends to their mansion on Lake Como. The party is a belated celebration of Mrs Clooney's 37th birthday in February, according to a source. Among guests rumoured to have been invited to the party is Mr Clooney's Oceans 11 co-stars Matt Damon and Brad Pitt.
HMP Altcourse in Liverpool has been criticised for drug-related violence. The hydraulic crane also recovered so-called 'legal highs' as well as 22 phones, three Sim cards and six chargers.
A hiker exploring Chile's natural wonders got the shock of his life on Wednesday afternoon when a volcano erupted before his eyes. A man identified as Walter Witt on YouTube was casually filming a serene forest with gentle waterfalls a short distance away from the foot of the 6,500-foot-high Calbuco volcano. 'Beautiful, the volcano there...' he says just before the volcano begins to blow. An estimated 1,500 people were forced to flee the nearby town of Ensenada after the eruption.
Tony McCoy finished third in his final ever race at Sandown Park. The 20-time Champion Jockey has won more than 4,300 races. He was presented with the trophy for the final time by former Arsenal player Ian Wright.
Marco Evaristti poured red fruit dye into the Strokkur Geysir at dawn. When they boiled, vibrant pink steam blew up from the ground. He did not seek permission from local authorities before the stunt.
Vince Cable says he would'stomach' working with the Tories again. The Business Secretary wants to replace George Osborne as Chancellor. He says he would stop 'the nasty tail of Right-wing MPs wagging the Tory dog'
Kevin Coulton, 16, stuck his lips in the rim of a glass to achieve a fuller pout. He was left with dark bruising around his lips and chin for more than three days. The schoolboy is now warning classmates not to take part in the craze. 'It's a bit stupid. Everyone's doing it and I just thought I would too,' he said.
Former Carphone Warehouse boss Charles Dunstone has converted to Tories. He said David Cameron deserved credit for turning around economy. Mr Dunstone said Ed Miliband viewed business as the problem.
'Climate sceptic' think-tank has convened a panel of scientists to look into the issue. Will focus on 'adjustments' made to temperature records around the world. Sceptics claim the effect of such adjustments has skewed the records.
Last week Qatar's Constellation Group snapped up majority stake in the company that owns Claridge's, Connaught and the Berkeley Hotel. Just last week their sovereign wealth fund snapped up Canary Wharf for £2.6 billion. They now boast a property portfolio worth an estimated £740 million, and have spent £11.6 billion collecting trophy assets in the UK.
BBC Derby broadcaster Colin Bloomfield has died aged just 33. He passed away at a hospice near his hometown of Shrewsbury yesterday. One Direction star Niall Horan has led the tributes to the 'consummate professional' Bloomfield lost his battle with cancer after it spread around his body.
Comedian Dom Joly joined other celebrity guests for start of sixth leg. The 47-year-old was invited to join Abu Dhabi Ocean Racing's boat. Jumped off the vessel as it set out from Itaja to Newport, Rhode Island.
The game dates back to Australia's goldfields and the first recorded games are believed to have taken place in the late 1790s. On Saturday, as Aussies commemorated the centenary of the landing at Gallipoli, thousands of men and women took their chances with the coin game in the spirit of the diggers. While the game is considered a form of gambling and is illegal at all other times, two-up is allowed on ANZAC Day across Returned Servicemen League clubs.
After surgery, cancer cells are sent to a lab where they are screened. Women can be told within days whether they have a high or low risk. For some women, the test can accurately tell if the risk is as low as five per cent. Most of the tests are available only privately and cost about £2,500.
Britt McHenry was behind the mic covering the NHL Stanley Cup playoff game between the New York Islanders and Washington Capitals. She was suspended for a week after unleashing a vicious verbal attack on a single mother-of-three at a towing firm. Ahead of her return to work, she tweeted: 'Back to work. Excited to be covering Caps-Isles today. Now that the suspension is over, I want to say again that I'm so sorry for my recent hurtful actions'
Comedian Jenny Eclair travelled with her other half on a Painting In Venus break with Flavours. She stayed in Treviso, just outside Venice, with a nine-strong crew of wannabe artists and keen cooks.
Bobby Brown has filed for guardianship over daughter Bobbi Kristina's estate according to a Saturday report from NBC affiliate 11Alive. This news comes just days after the 22-year-old's loved ones were split over whether she had awoken from her coma as her father had claimed.
European eagle owl has been terrorising Dutch town of Noordeinde for months. The bird of prey is believed to be behind a spate of vicious attacks. Locals have been advised to arm themselves with umbrellas against the bird.
Sepsis affects more than 100,000 Britons a year and kills 37,000. 90 per cent of patients failed to get the correct treatment on a surgical ward. Sepsis Six involves blood tests, oxygen, IV fluids and monitoring urine. Anna Tilley survived after spending four days in intensive care with blood poisoning.
Pippa Middleton is said to have been spotted buying up the nappies in Geneva. The eco-friendly mull-cloth nappies are very popular in Switzerland. Unlike conventional nappies, they don't end up in landfill heaps.
Human traffickers are brazenly offering Libyan migrants passage across Mediterranean on Facebook. A number of pages, written in Arabic, have reportedly been found on the social media site targeting refugees fleeing war and poverty. They are said to be advertising'reliable' and 'comfortable' travel on overcrowded vessels for around $1,000 per person.
Dana Perino was accompanying the former president as he visited wounded soldiers and their families at the Walter Reed hospital in Washington, D.C. Perino said it was like Bush 'expected and needed to hear the anguish' She said it wasn't until they were both back on the president's Marine One helicopter, heading toward the White House, that Bush addressed the incident.
Elizabeth Elena Laguna Salgado, 26, from Chiapas, Mexico, was last seen leaving a language school in Provo, Utah, April 16. Provo Police Chief John King said Friday that there is no evidence Salgado was kidnapped, but she hasn't made contact with anybody for more than a week. Salgado's cellphone has been turned off, and there has been no activity on her credit cards or any other sign of where she is or what happened.
The eight-week-old Labradors were found near a Tennessee Goodwill donation site on April 18. The good Samaritan, who has not been identified, was driving by and saw the box moving when she approached it tearing a hole into the top finding the dogs. The puppies have worms and are malnourished, and it is likely they have lived their entire lives in a cage. McKamey Animal Center in Tennessee said they have worms and are malnourished, and it is likely they have lived their entire lives in a cage.
Paul Mason once tipped the scales at 70st but has lost 46st in five years. The 54-year-old now faces a new challenge - ridding himself of unsightly rolls of skin. NHS bosses have refused to give him an operation to remove his 7st of excess skin. He is now preparing to undergo the operation in the U.S. after plastic surgeon Dr Jennifer Capla offered to carry out the procedure free of charge.
The image is believed to come from a firebrand American religious group called 'The Disciples of the New Dawn' Professor of Gynecology Hans Peter Dietz said the image represents an attitude which is widespread in Australia. The World Health Organisation said the number of caesarean surgeries needed to drop to 10 to 15 per cent of births.
John Pat Cunningham, 27, was shot dead by the Army in Co Armagh in 1974. He was running away from an Army patrol when he was killed in a field. A 73-year-old former soldier has been charged with attempted murder. Dennis Hutchings appeared at Omagh Magistrates Court and was released on bail.
Sir Richard Branson converted The Old Chapel in Shipton-on-Cherwell, Oxfordshire, into a home in the 1970s. He brought the chapel into residential use while he was setting up his Virgin recording business. At the time he converted the property, Branson had a recording studio in an old manor house a few miles away from the chapel.
Zeta Beta Tau at the University of Florida and Emory University have been accused of disrespecting ex-servicemen. The frat members allegedly spat on veterans and urinated on flags. Wounded Nicholas Connole, who served 18 months in Afghanistan and nine months in Iraq, said he felt like he had to 'defend himself' against the students. Linda Cope, founder of the Warrior Beach Retreat, says she's never seen such disgusting behavior. Three members of the University of Florida chapter have been expelled. Both university chapters have suspended all activities.
Gary Lincoln, 48, was working in a house in Cardiff when his jacket sleeve got caught in the blade and his hand was severed at the wrist. He put in in his sleeve 'to hold everything together' and was taken to hospital where surgeons operated on him for more than seven hours earlier this month.
Ed Miliband has hired a US guru to help him convince voters he is a PM. The Labour leader has long struggled to convince voters that he is a suitable choice. He has hired a leadership coaching firm to help him overcome anxiety. The firm claims to work with politicians to build 'leadership skills'
With its blend of Portuguese and Chinese culture, it didn't take long to discover the unique appeal of Macau. Macau comprises a peninsula and two islands - Taipa and Coloane - connected by three dramatic bridges. There are 26 casinos, including the largest in the world, The Venetian.
William Kerr absconded from a bail hostel in Hull after he was released from HMP Stocken in Rutland on licence in January. The 53-year-old was apprehended in the street in Waterloo, south London, around 7pm on Friday. He was jailed for life for the murder of Maureen Comfort in 1998. Ms Comfort was last seen alive on December 4, 1995. Her body was found in a wardrobe in her bedroom in January 1996.
Pauline McKee thought she hit it big in 2011 when, after putting a penny in the 'Miss Kitty' game at the Isle Hotel Casino in Waterloo, the screen announced she had won a bonus award of $41,797,550.16. But on Friday the Iowa Supreme Court determined McKee had actually only won $1.85 because of how the symbols had aligned in the game. The unanimous court ruled that the casino did not have to pay McKee because the game's rules stated that the maximum award was $10,000 and that bonus awards were not allowed.
Nicola Sturgeon has denied claims she hacked off her sister's Barbie dolls. SNP leader said she was prone to hacking the hair off dolls as a child. The 44-year-old poked fun at the tale on Twitter, saying: 'My niece's have never come to any harm'
Channel 4's Indian Summers star Olivia Grant headed to Phuket in Thailand. She did a week-long meditation and yoga course on Koh Phangan last year. Phuket is much greener and definitely an island with party in its bones.
More than a dozen Australians are reported missing after the devastating earthquake in Nepal. Perth woman Ballantyne Forder, 20, who had been reported missing, has made contact via Facebook to the relief of her loved ones. Actor Hugh Sheridan has made a heartbreaking plea on social media to ask for prayers for his younger brother Zachary who is missing at Mount Everest following a deadly avalanche. Several friends and family members have made a public appeal for help on Facebook and Twitter in a desperate attempt to find their loved ones.
May is a magical month, and there are a host of events to help you enjoy it to the full. East Lancashire Railway’s award-winning 1940s Weekend is a highlight in many a vintage enthusiast’s calendar. The Isle of Wight’s Walking Festival offers the ideal chance to pull on your boots and go exploring.
The show entitled The Seven Year Switch is an eight episode series in which couples live, eat, and even sleep with a new significant other. The show is named after the 1955 Broadway show The Seven Year Itch that was later developed into the film starring Marilyn Monroe and Tom Ewell. After the switch is complete the couples will be able to decide whether or not they want to stay together or be with someone else.
Navinder Sarao, 36, is accused of triggering a £500 billion Wall Street crash. US prosecutors allege he helped trigger the so-called 'Flash Crash' in 2010. Sarao, from Hounslow, West London, boasted he could earn £1 million a week. He asked a company he set up in a Caribbean tax haven for £4.25 million.
The Eagles Palace is a family-friendly hotel in north-eastern Greece. It sits 90 minutes' drive from Thessaloniki, Greece's second city. The area is home to the Simonos Petras monastery, which Prince Charles visits.
The Back to the Future Delorean was pulled over on the A500 yesterday. The replica was being transported between Stoke-on-Trent and Crewe. Police pulled the car over because it had a 'leaking flux capacitor' Owner of the vehicle, who calls themselves 'Doc Brown', said he was just asking for directions.
Dontrell Stephens didn't die after he was shot by Palm Beach County Sheriff's Office Deputy Adam Lin. The then-20-year-old was paralyzed from the waist down after the shooting. Video of the shooting was released as part of a lawsuit filed against the Palm Beach County Sheriff's Office.
Adam Barker is an equal shareholder in Handles for Forks Ltd, which manages and distributes his father's work. The company made £501,319 profit in the year to last June, which will be split with his sister Charlotte, 53, and brother Laurence, 46. The 47-year-old was first arrested in 2003 during dawn raid on his house. 1,675 images and videos depicting child pornography were discovered by officers.
Jay Liptrot, 43, was among first firefighters on scene of 200C inferno. His tenant Lee-Anna Shiers, 20, her partner Liam Timbrell, 23, their baby Charlie, 15 months, and her nephew Bailey, four, were trapped and perished. Liptrot owns 12 properties in Prestatyn, North Wales. Melanie Smith, 45, a neighbour of the victims, was jailed for life for murder.
Man jailed for life after raping his daughter when she was just 10 years old. Depraved depravity exposed when he impregnated her when she was a teenager. As he was led away from the dock the girl ran towards him, crying: 'I love you and miss you'
Luis Andres Cuyun, 30, was riding in a car when two suspected Mara Salvatrucha gang members opened fired on him and his driver. Cuyun was the director of a jail for young gang members in Guatemala City. Juan Carlos Medina Luna, 29, told authorities that he carried out the hit on the orders of a man named 'El Travieso' or 'The Naughty One' Medina Luna said that Cuyun had made his fellow gang members 'vomit blood' at Las Gaviotas, which means 'The Seagulls' Mario Alfonso Aguilar, 18, who is known as Marito, was also arrested for the
Jeannie Flynn, 53, was walking to her GPs on a busy London street. A man told her to walk around a one-foot hole in the pavement. As she did so the ground gave way and she plummeted downwards. Ms Flynn was in a state of sheer panic as she heard passers-by screaming 'get her out because it's all going to collapse' A worker from the Marrakech Express cafe came to her rescue. She was found to have suffered whiplash and bruising but was not seriously injured.
Programmer predicts heir will have wispy blonde hair, dark brown eyes and a small nose when aged between two and four years old. Charanjeet Kondal has used an application to create images of the new prince or princess.
The gun was inside a hard rifle case and was'secured properly' to a truck safe with padlocks and chains while the car was parked at the Marriott Springhill Suites. Police believe the thief stole the rifle by breaking the rear right passenger-side window, tying a rope around the rifle case's handle or a cable lock, and using the momentum from another vehicle to then break the case's handle free from the lock. The agent's gear bag, backpack, and some clothing and tools were also stolen during the March 27 theft, which the police report states happened overnight.
Rowyn Johnson was 17-months-old when she was killed in September last year. She was run over by a friend of her mother's, Cassie Miller. The two women helped each other get through the tragedy together. They have now started a charity called Raise for Rowyn to help other families who have experienced a similar tragedy.
Eva Chapin, 34, from West Linn, Oregon, was booked into jail after she left a string of offensive post-it notes on the door of the family home. The qualified nurse referred to the residents, who are believed to have roots in Ghana, as 'n*****' but wrote: 'I am not racist' One of the notes read: 'Apes were never meant to drive so stop'
Brixton branch of upmarket estate agents Foxtons was vandalised. Store front was covered in shattered glass while 'no evictions' and 'yuppies' were spray painted on their housing advertisements. Metropolitan Police confirmed one man has been arrested on suspicion of criminal damage. Thousands turned up for Reclaim Brixton protest against gentrification.
Property developer Andreas Christopheros, 29, was scarred for life after attack. He was left fighting for his life when corrosive liquid was thrown in his face. Nicole Phillips, 45, has been charged with perverting the course of justice. Her husband David Phillips, 48, had already been charged with grievous bodily harm with intent.
The bill includes a $10 fine for first-time offenders. Subsequent violations would lead to a $50 fine or mandatory community service. Dozens of local governments have similar bans, including Hawaii County and New York City. 1,400 people die from tobacco use or exposure in Hawaii every year.
Dr Adrian Quarterman, of Dundee University, is working on a laser which will convert sun beams into energy. Satellites will orbit the earth, covered in mirrors, to help it harvest the sunlight and convert it into laser light. The energy it creates, using semi-conductors, can be shot back down to earth.
Mohammad Ali Akhtar was attacked by a knife-wielding robber in his store. The father-of-three was stabbed in the ear and hand during the 40-second assault. He has revealed he thought he was going to die during the fight behind the counter. CCTV footage shows the pair grappling before the shopkeeper was stabbed. The robber managed to flee the store empty-handed after the fight.
The Mistley Thorn has been around for ten years, in the hands of Sherri Singleton. Built as a coaching inn circa 1723, it offers award-winning dining and accommodation.
Valdosta State University in Georgia was forced to close for the day on Friday. The university was in the center of a controversy after a video showed an Air Force veteran and former Playboy model, Michelle Manhart, taking an American flag from demonstrators who had walked on it to protest racism. At the protest, held a week ago, Manhart was detained by police when she refused to return the flag. She later was banned from the campus of 11,500 students. Meanwhile, tensions rose at Valdosta State when campus police found a backpack containing a handgun on Tuesday.
David Cameron will say Tories are the party of opportunity for people. He will also set out targets for ethnic minority recruitment. The claim will be seen as a tacit endorsement of Sajid Javid's leadership.
Simon Wood, 38, battled it out against Emma Spitzer and Tony Rodd. They were challenged to cook judges John Torode and Gregg Wallace a three-course meal in three hours.
Sabeen Mahmud and her mother were gunned down in Karachi, Pakistan. Her sandals remained in the footwell of the driver's seat of her car. The exterior of the white vehicle was left stained with her blood. Investigators declined to speculate on a motive for the killing. Friends described her death as a targeted assassination in Pakistan.
The Olympic gold medalist has undergone numerous cosmetic procedures, including nose jobs and a revisionary face lift. The 65-year-old underwent hormone therapy in the mid-1980s to rid himself of his'repulsive' facial hair.
Manchester University in Indiana was in lockdown late Friday night after a 'likely prank call' about an armed person near the main administration building. Police said they received a phone call from someone saying that they had stabbed their roommate at the university, was armed with a shotgun and threatened to blow up the administration building.
Scientists are working towards digitally recreating the cognitive abilities of the Apis Mellifera or European Honeybee. Their final aim is to build a robot that thinks, senses and acts just like the tiny insects. Building an artificial brain is a complex process and so far, scientist have only managed to clone the part of the bee's brain which allows it to see.
Top Gear convoy was attacked by angry Falklands War veterans last year. Jeremy Clarkson said they stormed his hotel and number plate H982 FKL. Judge has now ruled the plate was a reference to the 1982 war. Maria Cristina Barrionuevo slammed the BBC's actions as 'arrogant and disrespectful'
The global coffeehouse chain said in an update on its site that stores are expected to open for 'business as usual' Saturday. The company said earlier the outage affected 7,000 stores in the US and 1,000 in Canada. It did not explain exactly what caused the outage, which began in the early evening on the East Coast and in the late afternoon on the West Coast.
National Front members turned up to campaign for Nigel Farage. They were led by Gary Field, a former EDL regional organiser. Mr Field said he opposed the'stand up to Ukip group' and the extreme left.
Australian doctor 'Abu Yusuf' is the face of the latest Islamic State propaganda video. The video announces the launch of its own health service in Syria. Yusuf calls on foreign doctors to travel to the ISIS stronghold of Raqqa. The vision shows Yusuf handling babies in a maternity ward. It is the latest in a string of high budget propaganda videos from the militant group.
Aaron Kaufman, the former chief technology officer of Blue Shield, has been accused by his former employer of blowing thousands of dollars on vacations, hotel stays and lavish nights out with Tara Reid. Blue Shield also mentioned Reid in their complaint, saying that at one event bankrolled by Kaufman's card she 'behaved inappropriately' by posting raunchy images of herself at the event to social media.
Entitled 'Naughty Nicola', the painting depicts Sturgeon as a dominatrix. It is said to grace the wall of her suburban Glasgow home. She was given it as a birthday gift by her husband, Peter Murrell. He is credited with transforming nationalist leader into national stateswoman.
Lindsay Sandiford is on death row in Bali for smuggling cocaine. She has accepted that she will be next to face the firing squad. The 58-year-old told a friend that she 'wants to get it over with'
More than 10,000 Australians and New Zealanders are sitting in reverence on the shores of the Gallipoli peninsula. A formal ceremony was held to honour the diggers who fought and fell there a century ago. Tony Abbott, his New Zealand counterpart John Key, Prince Charles and Prince Harry are among those in attendance. Defence Force Chief Mark Binskin told the thousands gathered there of the horror the Anzacs were confronted with on the day they came ashore.
Brigadier General Hassan Abbas Toufan was the commander of the Iraqi first division. A colonel and two lieutenant colonels also died in the attack in the Nadhem al-Taqseem region, north of Fallujah in the Anbar province. The Iraqi army is embroiled in a fierce battle to reconquer the western province, which has been under ISIS control for the past year.
Geoff Whitington, 63, from Ashford, Kent, was made so sick by obesity-related type 2 diabetes that he had been told he may need a leg amputated. Turning round his health would mean changing the habits of a lifetime of poor food choices and no exercise. His sons Anthony and Ian have helped their father shed six stone. Doctors say he is no longer diabetic – and he is off medication.
NBC's committee investigating alleged exaggerations is focusing on another episode from the network's career, his time reporting in Egypt. In a February 2011 interview with Jon Stewart, Williams said he'made eye contact' with a government soldier on a horse who was beating protesters. However, there is no footage of Williams actually on the square during what he called the moment demonstrations 'turned sour' and descended into violence.
The password, 166816, is still being used by about 90 per cent of customers, researchers David Byrne and Charles Henderson disclosed. Henderson said that the unidentified vendor had been using the same default password since at least 1990, according to RT. Hackers would need physical access to the payment devices, opening a panel of the device using a paperclip, to exploit it.
The FineBros YouTube channel has released a new video called Elders React, in which senior citizens try to send a selfie to the Snapchat app for the first time. The clueless seniors are left utterly befuddled by the photo messaging app, which is said to be worth $19 billion.
Former PM said SNP want 'chaos and constitutional crisis' at Westminster. He warned that those casting their vote on May 7 will decide future of Scotland. He urged 'patriotic Scots' to back Labour's plan for full employment in Scotland.
Hannah Wilson's body was found on Friday in the rural area of Needmore, Indiana, which is about an hour drive outside Bloomington. Daniel Messel, 49, of Bloomington, was arrested in connection to the case and faces a preliminary murder charge. Coroner said Wilson was struck three or four times in the back of the head with an unknown object, which was not found at the scene.
Isidro Garcia, 41, will stand trial on charges of kidnapping and raping a 15-year-old girl that he went on to marry and live with for a decade. Orange County Superior Court Judge Robert R. Fitzgerald made the decision after hearing preliminary evidence against Garcia, who has pleaded not guilty. Authorities said the daughter of Garcia's live-in girlfriend told them he began fondling her shortly after she was brought from Mexico in 2004 to live with her mother in Santa Ana. Garcia is charged with one count of rape, one count of kidnapping with intent to rape, and three counts of lewd acts on
The nine-gram robots were built by mechanical engineers at Stanford University in California. They can haul more than a kilogram up a vertical wall. Another robot created by the scientists - nicknamed Tug - weighs just 12 grams and can drag a weight up to 2000 times heavier.
Sergio Gomez found 'large quantities' of the silvery metal in a chamber at the end of a sacred tunnel sealed for nearly 1,800 years. He hopes that it will lead him to the tomb of the city's king.
Qatar's investment arm Constellation Hotels has bought majority stake in hotel company Coroin. Coroin owns Claridge's, The Berkeley and The Connaught in London's Mayfair and Knightsbridge. It is not known how much the deal is worth, but some have reported it could be as much as £1.6billion. Constellation also recently bought London Park Lane Hotel and owns Le Grand hotel in Paris.
Susie Clark, of Evening Shade, Arkansas, found the 3.69-carat white diamond in a 37.5-acre search field at Crater of Diamonds State Park. She named the teardrop-shaped gem the Hallelujah Diamond, claiming that her prayer helped her find the gem. Crater of Diamonds State Park holds the only diamond-bearing site accessible to the public in the U.S.
Queen Elizabeth placed 302nd on the Sunday Times Rich List with £340m. This is down from 285th last year and puts her outside the top 300 for the first time. Len Blavatnik tops the list with a fortune of £13.2bn, followed by Sri and Gopi Hinduja at £13bn. Lord Alan Sugar is a billionaire for the first time after his wealth increased by £140m to £1.04bn.
Amanda Goff, 40, is a former journalist who works as an escort. She revealed her double life on national television last year. The mother-of-two said she received a torrent of abuse from other mothers. Her harshest critics were other mothers concerned with the 'life of misery' her children were expected to endure because of her abnormal profession. Ms Goff has written a book about her experience called Hooked - Secrets of a High-Class Escort.
Gable Tostee will remain behind bars for dangerous driving charges. The accused balcony murderer was found to be four times over the legal limit for drink driving when he led police on a high speed chase across state borders. Tostee was on bail for the alleged murder of Warriena Tagpuno Wright at the time. The incident occurred two weeks before Ms Wright fell to her death from the balcony of Tostee's 14th storey apartment. The 29-year-old will be eligible for parole on August 1.
Dramatic pictures have emerged of a woman being rescued from her car which had become submerged in flood waters. She was one of two people that had become trapped in rising waters at Zetland in Sydney's inner-east. The incident was just one of many flash flooding rescues that emergency services had attended from 4pm. Seven buildings collapsed in western Sydney after suffering damage from the storm, with Fire and Rescue crews expected to work through the night to assess the damage.
Patient at Royal Victoria Hospital, Belfast, being tested for rabies. Public Health Agency said they are being assessed in accordance with national risk assessment protocol. Results of the 'complex' series of tests are not expected to be known until next week.
SBS football reporter and presenter Scott McIntyre took to social media to tweet 'inappropriate' comments on the day of Anzac Day. He mocked the diggers' bravery and accused them of war crimes. Twitter users labelled the comments 'despicable' and 'un-Australian' SBS's managing director Michael Ebeid was quick to distance the company from its employee's beliefs.
LaTasha Gosling, 27, and her two daughters, Janyaa, 4, and Jenika, 8, and her son Landen, 7, were murdered early Wednesday by Gosling's partner Steve O'Shaughnessy. O'Shaughnessy, 23, was found dead just hours later after taking his own life in Prince Albert, Canada. O'Shaughnessy sent photos of the bodies in a text message to the children's father, Jason Gosling, the day before his birthday. Latasha Gosling was separated from her husband but not divorced, and Jason Gosling would often visit his three children at the trailer Latasha shared with O'Shaughnessy
Alondra Luna Nunez was mistakenly flown to Texas on April 16 after a judge ruled in favor of a Houston woman who believed she was her daughter. She was returned to her family in Mexico on Wednesday after DNA testing in the U.S. showed she was not the long-missing daughter of Houston resident Dorotea Garcia. The Prosecutor's Office in the southwestern state of Michoacan said in a statement that it is looking into the case involving a civil court judge in Los Reyes. Video footage of Alondra being taken screaming by police circulated widely and attracted national and international attention to the case.
The Anthem Of The Seas is Royal Caribbean's second Quantum-class liner. The 4,180-passenger vessel set sail on its maiden voyage last week. Passengers have rubber wristbands fitted with electronic chips.
Architect and photographer Yener Torun sought to challenge the one dimensional view of his changing city. Yener spends his time wandering around the city looking for bold, geometric buildings to photograph.
Hamilton, who has a history of substance abuse and admitted to relapsing with drugs and alcohol in February, is going to be sent back to his former team, the Texas Rangers. He has been on the disabled list all season after undergoing shoulder surgery on February 4, about the same time he filed for divorce from Real Housewives of Orange County star Katie Hamilton. The 33-year-old outfielder still has about $83million left on the five-year $125million deal he signed with the Angels in 2012.
Surfer is in a critical condition after being attacked by a shark. The attack took place at Fishery Bay, South Australia, on Saturday. Shocked witnesses said the six-metre shark was seen swimming away with the surfer's leg in its mouth. The man was airlifted to Adelaide for further treatment.
Ron Ingraham, 67, was rescued in December after being lost at sea for 12 days. His boat ran aground on rocks near Hawaii's Lanai island on Friday. His sailing mate, Kenny Corder, was rescued and taken to hospital. But by the time he returned, there was no sign of Ingraham.
Melissa Klein and her husband Aaron refused to bake a wedding cake for Rachel Bowman-Cryer and her wife Laurel in June 2013 because they disapprove of gay marriage for religious reasons. A judge ruled Friday that the bakery discriminated against the couple and caused them emotional distress. The bakery must pay up to $150,000, and the judge's decision of $135,000 will be approved or amended by State Labor Commissioner Brad Avakian.
Xie Xu met his 19-year-old classmate Zhang Chi when the pair began attending school together at Daxu High School in Xuzhou, Jiangsu, China. Zhang suffers from muscular dystrophy, a condition that weakens skeletal muscle. Xie decided to carry his friend around the school's campus to make sure he was able to attend all of his classes.
Craig 'Lazie' Lynch is serving nine years for a series of violent gang robberies. But he has been free to run a sneering Facebook site from his cell. According to a former friend, he is using it to make huge profits.
Fred Pagan, 49, has worked for Thad Cochran (R-MS) since he was 16. Police launched an investigation after seizing a package with over a kilo of date rape drug GBL addressed to Pagan. Raiding his home on Thursday, they uncovered 181.5 grams of meth. Pagan was paid $160,000 in his Senate role last year.
The Splendour of the Seas will be transformed by Thomson next summer. P&O's smallest ship, the 700-passenger Adonia, was built in 2001 as 'R8' P&O has just four ships, Balmoral, Black Watch, Boudicca and Braemar.
A dismembered body discovered at a flat in Wales has been identified as Tracey Woodford. The 47-year-old is believed to have been attacked in woodland in Pontypridd on Tuesday before being taken back to property of a man. Her body was discovered with'massive injuries' around 3pm on Friday afternoon, prompting police to launch a murder investigation. A man named locally as Christopher May, 50, has been arrested. Police confirmed yesterday they had been given an extra 36 hours to question suspect.
Zachary Cope Ward at St Mary's Hospital, London, closed on April 15. Eight patients were found to be carrying carbapenemase-producing enterobacteriaceae, or CPE. The antibiotic-resistant bacteria can cause potentially fatal infections. The 20-bed unit, which specialises in vascular surgery, is undergoing a deep cleaning and patients continued to be screened for the bacteria. If all goes to plan, the Duchess of Cambridge hopes to have her baby at the private Lindo Wing of the hospital.
Calvin Harris has amassed a £70 million fortune since bursting onto scene eight years ago. Last year alone he earned £45 million - making him the 21st most powerful celebrity on Forbes magazine’s Celebrity 100. Born Adam Wiles in 1984 in Dumfries, he was the son of a biochemist from the Scottish Borders.
Coca-Cola has switched all the lids on its 500ml bottles to red. Fans have taken to Twitter to express their discontent at the changes. Coke Zero, Coke Life and Diet Coke also now have scarlet tops. The aim is to bring all four variants 'together under one brand'
Miliband accused of trying to make political capital from Mediterranean tragedy. Claimed it was 'in part a direct result' of the PM's Libya policy. But the Labour leader was forced to deny he had 'politicised' a tragedy.
Prime Minister was outlining his vision for black and ethnic minority communities. He said: 'Of course, I'd rather you supported West Ham.' The Conservative leader was pulled up on the error after the speech. He blamed it on a 'brain fade' like that suffered by Green Party leader Natalie Bennett earlier in the campaign.
Four members of the Royals and three from the White Sox were punished for their roles in a series-opening brawl and six of the players drew suspensions. Royals pitcher Yordano Ventura was handed a seven-game suspension, fellow starter Edinson Volquez given five games and outfielder Lorenzo Cain and reliever Kelvin Herrera got two games apiece. White Sox pitchers Chris Sale and Jeff Samardzija were suspended five games each, while catcher Tyler Flowers escaped suspension but joined the others in getting an undisclosed fine.
Sebastiano Quagliata and his wife, Valbona Lucaj, pleaded no contest to owning a dangerous dog causing death in the fatal mauling last summer of Craig Sytsma of Livonia. Sytsma, 46, was attacked by two cane corsos last July in Metamora Township, 45 miles northwest of Detroit. The father-of-three was bitten some eight times by two hundred-pound cane corsos while jogging in Metamora Township in July.
Cosmopolitan editor Bronwyn McCahon says she wishes her magazine had better investigated Belle Gibson before presenting her with its Fun Fearless Female Award. But she says the award won't be taken off Ms Gibson, despite the Whole Pantry founder's admission of lying about her cancers. Gibson, 23, created a social media empire and The Whole Pantry movement on the story of her remarkable cancer survival. Her wellness app and clean-eating cookbook promised to help her 300,000 plus followers live 'the whole life'
Grace Rebecca Mann, 20, was found dead in her rented home last week. Her third roommate, Steven Vander Briel, 30, has been charged with murder. Mann's parents described their daughter as compassionate and principled. Said she 'wanted the world to be a beautiful place, a safe place and a kind place'
Leslie Roy, 52, and Lee Marie Wright, 56, had been visiting relatives in Ishpeming, Michigan, when on April 11 their Ford Explorer got stuck in snow on a little-used road. The women survived by rationing eight boxes of Girl Scout cookies, a bag of cheese puffs and melted snow. A pilot noticed a reflection off the Ford Explorer and landed the police helicopter on shore, finally ending the women's unexpected wilderness adventure.
The girl's parents are divorced. Her father accused his ex-wife of 'abusing her parental discretion' by taking their daughter to the December 2013 concert at the Prudential Center in Newark, as part of the singer's national Truth About Love tour. The mom admitted to being a 'little on guard' about taking her daughter, but that the girl was 'dying to go', so the mom looked up clips of the show on YouTube and deemed them age-appropriate. The parents have joint custody, and the father said he disagreed with the'sexually suggestive' nature of some of Pink'
At least 18 people have died in an avalanche on Mount Everest sparked by a powerful 7.8 magnitude earthquake in Nepal. The avalanche buried part of base camp, raising fears for the safety of hundreds of climbers who are in the area. A number of Britons are among those who have not been heard from since the quake.
Jenner said 'I've always been on the more conservative side' when asked about LGBT issues - and replied 'yes' when asked if he was a Republican. Sawyer had mentioned President's decision to identify trans citizens in his most recent State of The Union address. Jenner added that neither the Republicans nor Democrats had a'monopoly on understanding' and said he would lobby the GOP over LGBT rights.
Deputy of disgraced former mayor appeared to blame vote-rigging scandal on 'institutional racism' Oliur Rahman insisted there was deep-rooted racism within East London borough. His comment was at odds with a devastating legal ruling that condemned his predecessor for bribery and ballot fraud. Political opponents said they were playing the same ‘cracked record’ by seeking to blame racism and Islamophobia for their problems.
Bratton said Friday: 'Gentlemen, thank you very, very much. You did a great honor to yourselves, certainly to your police service and to your country. We appreciate all the help we can get' The four men are Markus Asberg, Erik Naslund, Samuel Kvarzell and Eric Jansberger. They subdued an enraged homeless man who was viciously beating another rider on the train. Video of the incident shows Kvarzell and Asberg holding the suspect down and trying to calm him down as he screams. 'I can't breath! I can't breath!'
Steelcase designed the Brody WorkLounge to provide privacy in an open office setting. The seating will be available for purchase in late August starting at $2,700. Brody features an LED task light, privacy screen, foot rest, storage space and personal adjustable work surface.
'Black Mass', the upcoming film starring Johnny Depp and Dakota Johnson, has upset the families of some of James 'Whitey' Bulger's many victims. Steven Davis, 57, of Milton, Massachusetts, and his relatives are sure Bulger killed his sister, Debra Davis, in 1981, despite the jury returning a 'no finding' verdict. The film also stars Joel Edgerton, Benedict Cumberbatch, Kevin Bacon, Peter Sarsgaard and Dakota Johnson. Black Mass is based on the 2001 book, Black Mass: The True Story Of An Unholy Alliance Between The FBI And The Irish Mob.
The Ivy nightclub played loud dance music during the Anzac Day memorial service at Sydney's Martin Place. A contractor doing a sound check inside the exclusive club is believed to have been responsible for turning the music on. Many of those in the record crowd of 30,000 took to Twitter to express their anger at the club interrupting the minute’s silence. Merivale, which runs the Ivy, said the company was'mortified and deeply upset' by the incident.
German Chancellor demands new EU system that distributes asylum-seekers on population and economic strength. Comes as Europe struggles with growing refugee crisis in Mediterranean. David Cameron insisted the UK would not take any of the refugees. But Mrs Merkel's call would mean Britain would be expected to take in more.
Bus ploughed into the engine of the Boeing 777 jet at Tashkent airport. It is unknown if the plane was damaged or if anyone was injured. Tashkent is the largest international airport in Uzbekistan.
Youngsters more likely to engage in risky behaviour when looking after them when texting or talking on the phone, a new study has found. Researchers observed randomly selected parents with children who looked between 18 months and five years old at playgrounds in New York. They measured factors such as the adult’s level of engagement with the child and how distracted they seemed.
Teenager gives monkey the middle finger, but it launches itself at him. Footage was captured on a CCTV camera near an office in Shimla, India. The monkeys of the area have a fearsome reputation for aggression.
Samantha Wills, from in South Australia, welcomed the joey into her family after he was thrown from his mother’s pouch when she was hit by a car. While kangaroos are known to grown as big as 1.8 metres tall, Ms Wills said her family are enjoying their time with Crash while he is small. Suzie Nellist, from Queensland, found Wally the wallaby on top of his dead mother on the side of the road and took him home to nurse him back to health.
Peter Moore, 47, shocked after receiving letter from HM Revenue and Customs. Letter apologised for family's'recent bereavement' and said officials needed to sort out whether he had paid enough tax. Mr Moore, from Stoke-on-Trent, Staffordshire, demanded apology from Government.
Bulgaria has a TV channel devoted to their love of their traditional music. The country also has a TV show called Bulgaria's Got Talent. The programme features people of all ages swaying in stately unison.
Rand Paul, a 52-year-old doctor-turned-lawmaker from Kentucky, shared a Snapchat video of himself learning how to play poker from Dan Blizerian. Blizerian, 34, is a renowned professional poker player and self-described international playboy who has amassed 8million followers on Instagram. In December, Blizerian was arrested at Los Angeles International Airport for allegedly trying to manufacture a bomb.
Felix David, 24, was being arrested at a facility for mentally ill people transitioning into society from psychiatric institutions. Sources said that David, who was wanted for a robbery committed last Thursday, grabbed an officer's radio and hit him over the head with it. David was shot in the chest by officers and later died at a local hospital.
The two SEALS were swimming in lap lanes and not wearing gear. They were found at the bottom of the pool at Joint Expeditionary Base Little Creek-Fort Story. The sailors were taken to a civilian hospital, where one was pronounced dead. The second service member is listed in critical condition.
Paul Shorter was a teacher at Rydens School in Hersham, Surrey. The 31-year-old admitted two counts of sexual activity with a child. He also admitted one count of sexual activity with a child by a person in a position of trust. The father-of-one kissed the teenager after class and groped her in his car.
Linda Thompson, now 64, met Bruce at the Playboy mansion when he was separated from his first wife, Chrystie Crownover, the mother of his two eldest children. They fell in love and got married when she was already pregnant with their first son, Brandon. A few years later they welcomed a second son together, Brody. When the couple's youngest son, Brody, was 18 months old and Brandon was three, Bruce revealed to Linda the secret that he identified as a woman.
Football League celebrates 10th birthday of the Football League Awards. Gareth Bale is joined by seven current Premier League players. Three outfielders and a manager are also included in the team.
Luke Shaw joined Manchester United for £28million from Southampton in the summer. The left back admits he has struggled to adapt to life at Old Trafford. Shaw has started seeing a psychologist in recent weeks. The 19-year-old has played 19 times for United this season.
1st Lt Michael Alonso and 1st Lt Lantz Balthazar have been charged in cases stemming from an investigation that led to the disclosure last year of a separate exam-cheating scandal. One of their fellow missile officers who was a target of the same investigation pleaded guilty to illegal drug use in January and was kicked out of the service.
Paedophile Colin Shearing, 70, failed to turn up to court to be sentenced. He was convicted of indecent assault and sentenced to three years in jail. European arrest warrant issued for Shearing, who fled to Paris. Court heard he booked himself into Hotel des Nations before moving to second and third hotels to evade police.
John Caudwell, the founder of Phones4U, bought the Audley Street garage in Mayfair, central London, for £155million. He wants to knock it down and build a luxury housing complex on the site, including five townhouses, three penthouses and a mews. Audley Square House is regarded as a'super prime' scheme - with one estate agent saying it could fetch £10,000 per sq/ft. Each townhouse and penthouse will have its own gym and swimming pool, while the penthouses will have dedicated lifts.
Royal Family led tributes to those who fought and fell in the ill-fated offensive. The day began in London with a dawn ceremony at Wellington Arch. Later the Queen, joined by the Duke of Edinburgh, Prince William and political leaders, led the nation during a ceremony at the Cenotaph.
John Doyle, 79, was helping two 12-year-old girls cross road to school. Genti Rustemi, 45, drove over crossing point without slowing down. To show his disapproval, Mr Doyle tapped lollipop stick on roof of BMW. But after driver stopped, he returned to crossing minutes later in a fit of temper. As children and parents looked on in horror, businessman threw punch at Mr Doyle. He then punched Mr Doyle in the chest causing him to fall over backwards. Former pub landlord was taken to hospital where he was found to have suffered a fractured rib and a punctured lung.
Rebecca Rice, 16, struggled with nerves before her GCSE oral exam. She told her French teacher Lorette Esteve she couldn't sit the test. Ms Esteve advised her to bring her pet Labrador Holly to the exam. The pair sat the five-minute recorded French oral test together. Ms Esteve said: 'Having Holly with me really settled my nerves'
Craig Bryson opened the scoring for Derby in the third minute. Tom Ince scored against his former club in the 28th minute. Darren Bent added a penalty in the second half to complete the rout.
Sian Harkin, 54, signed cheques totalling £30,000 to builder Lee Slocombe. Claimed work was to be carried out at Llwyncelyn Primary School in Porth. Proposed work, which never materialised, was never ratified by governors. Instead, work was carried out at her family home in Pontypridd. Slocombe was jailed earlier this year for 43 months for fraud.
Freddie Sears opened the scoring for Ipswich in the eighth minute. Eoin Doyle equalised for Cardiff City in the 13th minute. Cole Skuse restored Ipswich's lead in the 29th minute. Daryl Murphy wrapped up the win in the 90th minute.
Owner Jeremy Peace is open to offers for West Brom. Groups from America, Australia and China are interested in the club. Tony Pulis has been told any takeover will not drag on. The Baggies host Liverpool in the Premier League on Saturday.
West Brom chairman Jeremy Peace is hoping to sell the club for between £150million and £200million. Groups from America, Australia and the Far East are believed to be interested in buying Albion. Peace has set a July deadline to complete any deal. Manager Tony Pulis has been assured that the deal will be done by July.
Liverpool lost to Aston Villa in the FA Cup semi-final on Sunday. Brendan Rodgers is yet to win a trophy in three years in charge. Sportsmail analysis shows that only seven of 22 signings have been successful.
Capital One is first provider to scrap its cashback offer for new customers. Company scrapped deal after announcement of EU cap limiting fees retailers can be charged for processing payments. Financial experts believe other firms are likely to follow suit.
North Sentinel Island belongs to India and has remained untouched by modern civilisation for 60,000 years. The indigenous Sentinelese tribe killed two men who were fishing illegally in 2006 and have been known to fire arrows. Indian authorities have established a three-mile exclusion zone around the island to protect the islanders.
Adriana Alvarez, 22, is a leader with Fight For $15, an international movement to raise minimum wage laws and acquire the right to unionize. She said that even with assistance from food stamps, Medicaid, and a child care subsidy, she is barely getting by, despite having worked for McDonald's for five years. Alvarez said the first thing she would do with an increased wage would be to find a 'decent place to live' with good schools for her three-year-old son Manny.
Choirmaster Edward Moore, 24, was assistant director of music at King Edward's School in Witley, Surrey. He had consensual sex with 16-year-old student in his office after she confided in him that she had been abused by another teacher. Moore, from Ascot, Berkshire, jailed for nine months after admitting two counts of abusing a position of trust and sexual activity with a girl aged 13 to 17 years.
Bristol City beat Bradford 6-0 to secure promotion to the Championship. The Robins became the first side from the Football League to win promotion this season. James Tavernier scored a brace, with Joe Bryan, Luke Ayling, Aden Flint and Aaron Wilbraham also on target.
Scientists in Colorado have found evidence for a new solar season cycle. Every two years it appears 'bands' of magnetic field move to the surface. This combines with the existing 11-year solar cycle, causing even more powerful coronal mass ejections (CMEs) and solar flares that can endanger Earth.
Women with advanced cervical cancer to get first officially approved new treatment. Trials show Avastin gives women around four months' extra life. Drug plus chemotherapy licensed by European regulators. Patients will have access via Cancer Drugs Fund until it is considered for routine NHS use.
Thor Dalhaug died an hour after birth following a difficult delivery. He suffered fatal brain damage due to a doctor's errors, a coroner has ruled. In a damning report, he said an unsupervised junior surgeon tried to deliver the baby using forceps in an ‘unorthodox and unacceptable’ way. Report will come as a blow to the hospital, which has just been taken out of ‘special measures’
Dina Amos-Larkin was in Salou, Spain for four-day sports festival. 21-year-old law student fell while talking to her mother on phone on April 3. Was in medically-induced coma for two weeks and was told of injuries last week. GoFundMe page set up to raise £20,000 to get her back to UK.
Philip Gigante, 41, whose grandfather Vincent 'The Chin' Gigante was the head of the Genovese crime family, was elected into the positions by residents of Airmont. The Republican real-estate lawyer, who will get a $25,000 year for the part time job, hopes his 'achievements and accomplishments' are what constituents notice, and not his heritage. Vincent Gigante, who had nicknames such as 'The Oddfather' and 'The Robe', started out as a boxer but then rose in the ranks and became in Genovese-family captain in the 1960s and '70s.
A Queensland man was shocked when he discovered his delivery from five kilometres away had been on 2000km journey. The man, who only gave his name as Chris, ordered some computer equipment be delivered from Griffith University at Nathan in Brisbane’s south. The tracking information of his delivery detailed its three-day, two-state odyssey. Chris said Australia Post had not been in touch to apologise for the delay.
Campaigners launched a scathing attack on the protein supplement company after the advert began appearing on the London Underground three weeks ago. The ‘body shaming’ campaign has seen many of its posters defaced with feminist slogans. More than 50,000 people have signed a petition to have them removed and a demonstration planned for this weekend in protest.
Tony Hunt's daughter's three-year-old cat Harry was hit by a police car. But officers knocked on neighbour's door and asked for a black bin bag. A witness then described seeing them'scooping Harry up and placing him in the bag in the boot of the car' When Mr Hunt called police, officers coldly told him Harry had been 'disposed of'
More than 100 sailboats and as many as 200 people were participating in the Dauphin Island regatta in Mobile Bay. The storm rolled through the area about 4 p.m. and a man was plucked from the waters by the Coast Guard around 9 p.m., Petty officer Carlos Vega said. Dauphin Island Mayor Jeff Collier told Al.com that at least one person was confirmed dead, but he did not know the cause. 'They were scattered anywhere from Dauphin Island Bridge all the way out into Mobile Bay and across to Fort Morgan. It was a wide area,' said Collier.
SNP want to eject Trident from Scotland, but Conservatives and Labour have committed to retaining base on the Clyde. Military source said MoD officials have sounded out Gibraltar as alternative. Gibraltar's Chief Minister Fabian Picardo said it had facilities available.
Royal's baby is expected before the end of April at St Mary's Hospital, London. Due date initially reported as yesterday, but later claimed to be as early as Wednesday last week. Duchess may have already spoken to doctors about possibility of being induced. Prince George was reportedly born three days late when he arrived in 2013.
Planners in Windsor have allowed two Costa cafes less than 500 yards apart. The latest Costa will open on the site of the former HSBC branch. Less than 500 yards away is a Costa which replaced a cycle shop earlier this year.
Ian Brady has revealed he is a Ukip supporter and thinks David Dimbleby is an 'establishment dumpling' The 77-year-old wrote the letters from his bed at Ashworth psychiatric hospital. Brady was jailed for life in 1966 after torturing and killing five children.
Jihadist fighters captured Syrian city of Jisr al-Shughour on Saturday. Eight-minute video filmed by Briton who travelled to Syria to join fight. He speaks with British accent as he claims al-Nusra front has 'liberated' city. Locals can be seen fleeing on foot and in whatever vehicles available. Hours later, Syrian government warplanes carried out more than a dozen air strikes on the city.
Maison du Solei is spread across three acres in Holmby Hills, one of the three affluent neighborhoods that makes up the city's 'Platinum Triangle' There are 17 bedrooms to choose from, 60 rooms to explore, and a 6,000 sq ft movie theater, complete with its own popcorn and snack bar. Azria, 66, founded the popular BCBG Max Azria, which has more than 550 international boutiques.
Zeta Beta Tau's University of Florida chapter suspended after allegations. Wounded veterans said frat boys spat on them and their service dogs. Linda Cope, whose son lost both legs in an IED blast, said frat members urinated on the U.S. flag. Perry Clawson, a retired Army colonel, set up camp outside the frat.
Former FBI Director Louis Freeh nearly died last summer when he was involved in a car crash driving near his summer home in Barnard, Vermont. Current FBI director James Comey and Vermont Senator Patrick Leahy spoke about the accident for the first time last week, during an appearance at Chaplain College. They say 64-year-old Freeh severed an artery in one of his legs and would have bled to death in just 60 seconds if it weren't for the quick response from paramedics and an FBI agent on the scene.
Simon Wood, 38, from Oldham won Masterchef last Friday. He has always wanted to be a chef but gave up when he and his wife had a child. The father-of-four self-taught everything about cooking.
New NHS guidelines urge GPs to draw up end-of-life plans for over-75s. They are also being told to ask whether the patient wants doctors to try to resuscitate them if their health suddenly deteriorates. The NHS says the guidance will improve patients' end-of-life care. But medical professionals say it is 'blatantly wrong' and will frighten the elderly into thinking they are being 'written off'
London Mayor launches personal assault on his rival on BBC's Andrew Marr Show. Miliband ends up laughing off attack, saying: 'Come on Boris, you're better than that' Comes after Tories accused Miliband of'stabbing the country in the back' with SNP.
Tayler Chaice Buzbee went to Aspen Dental in Alabama on Friday. She had made an emergency appointment after developing toothache. But midway through the appointment, her nine-month-old son, Attley, started to fuss. Dental hygienists apparently did not mind Tayler nursing her son - and one even offered to halt the treatment and return when she was finished. While dentist examined Tayler's teeth, female employee removed Attley from her arms - without permission and before he had finished feeding from his mom - because he was 'in the way' 'I have never felt so humiliated in my life
272 children were hospitalised in England over the past 12 months. They were left disabled by Foetal Alcohol Syndrome, according to official figures. But the actual number affected by their mother's drinking could be far greater.
The video was created by Oprah's OWN TV series, Super Soul Sunday. Describes what happens in a child's mind when they become angry. Reveals the best way to help them calm down is to take a deep breath.
Six dancers filmed twerking in front of Malaya Zemlya monument. The WWII memorial is in Novorossiysk, southern Russia. Two were jailed for ten days, while a third was sentenced to 15 days. Prosecutors said their 'erotic and sexual twerk dance' was disrespectful.
Wealthy buyers demanding a lower 'Ed Miliband' price to compensate. Estate agents offering a higher 'Cameron price' and lower 'Miliband price' Labour leader has pledged to introduce annual levy on £2m homes.
New Broadcasting House in Central London covers half a million square feet. It took a decade to build and was opened by the Queen in 2013. Huge steel-and-glass building has specially designed 'huddle zones' and a'meeting tower' on stilts in the atrium.
Dr Alex Zhavoronkov, an anti-ageing expert, believes medical advances and knowledge of lifestyles will lead to a far longer life expectancy than has been seen to date. He is following a strict regime of regular exercise combined with drugs and supplements and regular health checks.
Adele McKenzie was set to marry the love of her life, David Elliot, in November 2015. The 31-year-old was devastated to learn the bridal company she had paid around $1,000 to for her dress had closed down. Ms McKenzie was one of around 140 brides who received the same ‘generic’ email informing them their dream dresses may not be coming. The group called ‘Where’s My Dress?’ became inundated with ‘generous offers’ from ‘lovely ladies’ and ‘amazing bridal companies’
Study at University of Bristol quizzed 40 heterosexual male and female students. Found having one large glass of wine increases 'facial flushing' and 'confidence' Also makes drinker'more attractive' to others and more likely to 'get lucky' But too much booze leads to 'excessive and unattractive' changes in facial expressions.
Eligah Christian, 49, was being sought on a $100,000 warrant on charges of scheming to defraud, 15 counts of theft and 21 counts of issuing bad checks. Troopers deployed spike strips to stop the motorhome, but the vehicle struck patrol cars as the suspect tried turning around.
David Cameron has faced criticism over a campaign lacking in passion. Prime Minister said he made ‘no apology’ for focusing on the economy. He will appeal to small firms and the self-employed, saying while Labour sneers at those who work hard, his party backs them.
The average Briton eats four servings of cheese a week. One in four admit to eating melted cheese with everything. Three in ten office workers eat cheese sandwiches every day.
ESPN's First Take host Stephen A. Smith said Floyd Mayweather Jr's boxing career should be looked at independently from his domestic violence history. The boxer has been convicted twice for domestic violence. Smith received a one-week suspension for saying women can play a role in preventing attacks in the wake of the Ray Rice scandal.
Sharon and Mike Tierney set aside one evening per month for mutual grooming. Sharon trims her husband's eyebrows, waxes his nostrils and even grooms his pubic hair. Mike can also wax her underarms, legs, upper lip and chin, and can even perform a Brazilian wax.
12 per cent of people want to name baby after William's mother. Alice and Charlotte are also popular choices for a girl. Many are hoping for a girl and a younger brother for Prince George.
Prime Minister says Scottish National Party will prop up Labour government. Claims SNP 'want parliament to succeed. They don't want the UK to succeed' Lib Dem Danny Alexander accuses PM of 'playing with fire' over threat.
Broccoli chemical sulforaphane known to block inflammation and damage to cartilage. But patients would have to eat several pounds of vegetable every day. UK drug company Evgen Pharma has developed stable synthetic version of chemical. A single dose of the drug, known as Sulforadex or SFX-01, is equivalent to eating 5.5lb of broccoli in one day.
A sudden infection landed Madison Hurd, 16, in the hospital and forced her to miss her high school's prom. Nurses spent their day off doing Hurd's nails, makeup and hair, getting music and a cake, and decorating her room with streamers and balloons. The stunning turquoise ball gown Hurd had started an after-school job to afford was laid over her hospital gown. Her boyfriend flew in from Alabama with a tux and a corsage. Hurd has since been diagnosed with myocarditis, an inflammation of the middle layer of the heart wall.
Holden have recalled more than 26,000 of its vehicles. Five customers reported having 'thermal incidents' The models affected were made in Thailand between September 2013 and January 2015. This latest safety issue makes Holden the most recalled car brand in 2015.
Zoe O'Connell lives in a three-way lesbian relationship with two canvassers. The 37-year-old is standing for the Liberal Democrats in Maldon, Essex. Sarah Brown and Sylvia Knight were once a straight married couple. But they are now in a civil partnership and all live together in Cambridge.
Paula Radcliffe has won the London Marathon three times. The 41-year-old mother-of-two has battled back from injury to run this year. She'll be presented with the inaugural John Disley Lifetime Achievement award in honour of her achievements.
The oil painting of a Catholic saint was kept in an attic for years. It was believed to be the work of a follower of 16th century master El Greco. But the selling price suggests it may have been done by the artist himself. It was acquired by the owner's late father in the 1970s for very little.
The 24-year-old Australian model stars in a new advert for Protein World. Body image campaigners have accused the company of body shaming. Protein World have strongly defended their campaign on social media.
Shops are full of red dresses this year. But should you be tempted to trade in your LBD for an LRD? We asked Kate Battersby to try six looks to see which work.
Professor Stephen Hawking appeared at the Sydney Opera House on Saturday night as a 3D hologram from his physical location at Cambridge University in the UK. During the show Professor Hawking was asked about the cosmological effect of former One Direction singer Zayn Malik leaving the boy band. But he happily tackled the conundrum and came up with an explanation that would satisfy every One Direction fan. 'My advice to any heartbroken young girl is to pay close attention to the study of theoretical physics,' he said.
Intrepid Travel have cancelled all trips to Nepal until May 11. Luxury tour company Kuoni have warned tourists to avoid the country. British Foreign Office advice is to check with your travel provider.
An Ohio woman was shocked this month when an officer cited her for leaving her dog in a hot car but, instead of writing a ticket, the cop forced her to sit inside to see how it felt. In the recent Ohio incident, the woman was left 'looking uncomfortable' as she sat in her unventilated Nissan Sentra, but drove away with just a warning and her tail between her legs.
David Duane Watson, a 46-year-old Tucson firefighter, was arrested without incident Saturday on charges he killed his ex-wife Linda Watson, 35, in 2000. Police say Watson killed Linda during a custody dispute over their daughter Jordynn. Three years later, Linda's mother Marilyn Cox and her neighbor Renee Farnsworth were gunned down in a drive-by shooting.
Three-year-old chimp kept in box for two weeks by animal traffickers. The men had been trying to find a buyer on the lucrative black market. They were stopped at a check point trying to cross into Sierra Leone. Guinea, as well as all the other African countries home to great apes, have a low rate of prosecution for animal trafficking.
The wedding of George Clooney and Amal Alamuddin took place in Venice, Italy. The stunning city is a magnet for those in love and is set to host its Biennale Art Festival in May. So if you're heading there, get a taste of 'la Dolce Vita' Clooney-style by taking in the places the couple made their own.
A man driving to work in Alabama noticed his stolen pickup truck following him last week. That set off a chain of events that included a deputy's pursuit, a crash, and an arrest. Terry Proctor, 29, of Piedmont, was captured after a foot chase, Calhoun County Chief Deputy Matthew Wade has said.
Prime Minister was giving a campaign speech in south London. He joked that everyone should back his team – but then named West Ham. Mr Cameron said he had been 'overcome by something', adding: 'I don't know what happened to me, it was just one of those things'
Labour leader said he would not do a deal with the SNP to become PM. But Ms Sturgeon said Mr Miliband will 'change his tune' after the election. Labour expected to suffer heavy losses in Scotland - where it won 41 seats in 2010. Polls suggest Ms Sturgeon's party could see as many as 50 MPs elected.
Karla Hornby gave birth to baby Freddie weighing just 2lbs by emergency caesarean section while on holiday in Benidorm. The 29-year-old had been cleared to fly but suddenly went into labour. She was rushed to hospital where doctors found she was already 2cm dilated and transferred her to a bigger hospital. An emergency c-section was performed but the couple weren't able to see Freddie until the following evening. They are now facing the prospect of supporting themselves in Spain for at least three months while Freddie builds up his strength.
A film crew shooting the documentary Lair of the Megashark were just off New Zealand's Stewart Island. They attempted to put a camera on the dorsal fin of the massive ocean predator. The shark nudges the boat and bites at the thin rope that tethered the dinghy to the main boat. The crew can be seen panicking as the great white uses it's strong jaws and tail to shake the boat. Images of the footage have been posted online by groups who want to ban shark diving.
Prosecutors said James Holmes, 27, was once a sought-after neuroscientist-in-training. But evidence shows that months before the shooting he was preparing for violence. The prosecution is trying to prove that Holmes was not mentally ill. If 12 jurors decide he was insane at the time of the shooting, he will be committed indefinitely to a state psychiatric hospital.
Ukip leader is on medication and making twice weekly hospital visits. Suzanne Evans said she would 'carry on the mantle' if he asked her. But she played down Mr Farage's health problems and said he was 'perfect'
Mark-Francis Vandelli, 26, owns a number of expensive watches. His most expensive is a £32,000 Cartier white gold Moonphase. He also owns a Bulgari Bulgari Chrono 42 and a Rolex yellow gold Oyster Perpetual.
Chris Blowes is fighting for his life after being mauled by a Great White shark in South Australia. The 26-year-old is in a critical condition at the Royal Adelaide hospital. Witnesses have described the distressing moment they saw the surfer attacked by the predator. Mr Blowes was airlifted to Adelaide for further treatment.
Prime Minister this morning faced the first serious criticism of the campaign. Tory donors rounded on the party's lacklustre message and failure to pull away in the polls. But a defiant Mr Cameron this afternoon pledged to continue focusing on bread-and-butter issues like jobs, business and childcare.
Radio 1's Chart Show has been branded a 'banal failure' by Paul Gambaccini. Veteran presenter blamed the presenters' obsession with discussing the sex appeal of pop stars for a slump in ratings. Gambaccini, 66, said the show has become an extension of its presenter's personality rather than an objective programme.
Security officers out in force at Los Angeles International Airport. FBI investigating and security increased at other airports in California. Officials found out earlier that ISIS called for attacks on uniformed personnel as part of a possible terror plot.
Sydney was lashed with hailstones up to 2cm in diameter on Saturday. The hail pounded suburbs in the city's east and west for three hours. The storm was the result of an East Coast Low, which is also known as an extratropical cyclone. CSIRO Research Scientist Michael Grose said climate change will continue to change throughout this century and beyond.
Labour's Chuka Umunna says Ukip 'hates modern Britain' and has 'virus of racism' Comes after Ukip leader Nigel Farage dragged into fresh racism storm. National Front members turned up to campaign for him in Kent.
In men the ring finger is likely to be longer than the index finger. In women the two fingers are typically the same length. According to popular mythology, men tend to be more obsessed by things such as cars and obscure facts. Women, on the other hand, are said to be better at empathy and understanding what another person is feeling or needs.
The Hudsonian Godwit was spotted at the Shapwick Heath in Somerset. It is believed the large shorebird was last seen in the UK in 1988. The bird is now inhabiting the same space as its English counterparts.
Massimo Vian, one of the heads of Luxottica, said that his team was looking to improve on the Internet-connected device. He did not give any details about a proposed launch date for the second version. Google stopped selling the first version and shut its pre-launch Explorer program for Google Glass earlier this year.
Chaos broke out at Kathmandu's Tribhuwan International Airport this afternoon. More than 1,000 passengers formed a one kilometre-long queue outside the building. Many had already booked flights but were hoping to return home. Nepal's economy relies heavily on tourism, principally trekking and mountain climbing.
Danny Nickerson was diagnosed with Diffuse Intrinsic Pontine Glimoma (DIPG) in October 2013 and fought through 33 radiation treatments. Last July, his birthday request for cards with his name on them went viral. He received mail from around the world and got more mail in one day than the rest of the town combined. On Friday night, his mother, Carley Nickerson, wrote that her 'precious sweet boy earned his angel wings'
The Dharahara Tower, which was built in 1832, has been almost completely obliterated by the earthquake. The landmark was a UNESCO World Heritage Site until its destruction this weekend. Kathmandu's three 'Durbar Squares', the courtyards outside the city's old royal palaces, were also devastated.
Abby Lubiewski was born with Hallerman-Streiff, a rare genetic syndrome that resulted in congenital cataracts. She can only perceive light and dark when she's not wearing her specs. When Lubiewski received her daughter Abby's photographs, she immediately saw that her child's smile was strained. Abby will get another chance to have her school picture free of charge on Monday after LifeTouch School Photography offered to re-take it.
In ancient times, the island was a notorious sexual playground for straight men. Former Apprentice star Margaret Mountford will reveal the story in a new BBC documentary. The programme examines the life and legacy of the female poet Sappho.
Chelsea Bruck, 22, was last seen in Frenchtown Township, Michigan, on October 26. Her body was found on a 13-acre private property near a heavily-wooded site close to train tracks on Friday. The medical examiner's office in Wayne County used dental records to confirm the body is Bruck's.
50 earthquake scientists from around the world met in Kathmandu last week. They discussed how the area would cope with such a disaster. Seismologist James Jackson said it was 'an accident waiting to happen'
Two-year-old boys share same side-swept fair hair and cheeky smile. But one is HRH Prince George of Cambridge, third in line to the throne. The other is plain old Tommy Cox from Colchester, Essex.
Grimes Cottage is a heritage-listed 1830s Colonial Georgian residence with three storeys and six bedrooms. The 416sqm inner city block property boasts stunning views of the Sydney Harbour bridge from the front lacework terrace. Whaling captain George Grimes built the home along with a row of early 1840s terraces depicted in artist Conrad Marten’s work in 1843.
Sarah, 36, and Mark Brennan, 35, from south Wales, never gave up hope. Eryn was born seven weeks early, weighing just 3lb 11oz.
WARNING: GRAPHIC CONTENT. Hundreds of Yazidi girls and women kidnapped by ISIS last year. They have since been held as sex slaves in the Islamic State in Iraq. Some of the women who have managed to escape are as young as eight. Now doctors are performing illegal abortions and hymen surgery to'reverse loss of virginity' on the young women.
The Dauphin Island regatta included more than 100 sailboats and as many as 200 people on Saturday. Coast Guard Capt. Duke Walker told AL.com that ten vessels were capsized or incapacitated during the storm with three of those with the regatta. The storm also caused a loss of power to 23,000 residents in coastal Alabama and Dauhpin Island Park remained dark into Saturday evening.
Mara Jose Carrascosa, 49, was released from a New Jersey jail on Friday after spending nearly nine years behind bars. Carrascosa was paroled last year after moving her daughter, then 5, to Spain when the girl's father, Peter Innes, was granted custody of the child. However, Carrascosa defiantly refused to bring her daughter back to the United States and thus remained jailed. Judge Bonnie Mizdol decided incarceration would not coerce Carrascosa to comply with child custody orders, so she was released.
Invitations to service at St Paul's Cathedral advise it will avoid glorifying victory. But the move was criticised by politicians who said it 'took political correctness to an absurd new degree' Instead, service will focus on 'pan-European' implications of battle.
Anais Zanotti, 30, who lives in Miami, first became interested in the high-flying sport when a friend recommended it to her. Now the brunette, who has modelled for Playboy, GQ, Esquire and Maxim, is a pro who teaches other adrenaline junkies how to jump from a plane.
Three years after the theft, police were investigating a car syndicate and executed a search warrant on a Wiley Park property. All of the paintings along with three stolen luxury cars were found. The works were delivered to the Art Gallery of New South Wales and havebeen ruled to Chubb Insurance.
New report claims Ivan Milat could have been caught before he killed seven backpackers. Boris Milat told Channel 7's Sunday Night program his brother shot and paralysed a taxi driver in 1962. Alan Dillon was convicted for the crime and spent five years behind bars. Dillon even confessed to the crime, in an attempt to protect his own brother. The daughter of Milat's first victim, Deborah Hutton, was told her father was shot by the serial killer.
Joshua Quincy Burns, formerly of Brighton, was sentenced to three years' probation with the first served in Livingston County Jail for second-degree child abuse. He and his wife, Brenda Burns, say he is innocent, and that he grabbed their daughter Naomi's face when she slipped from his lap in March 2014. Naomi suffered several injuries, including seizures, hypothermia, hypotension, bradycardia, apnea and retinal hemorrhages. Brenda Burns has refused to allow social workers and Michigan's Department of Human Services to see Naomi. Their oversight has been put on hold until a June hearing where Joshua Burns's
SBS has sacked its football reporter Scott McIntyre over his 'inappropriate and disrespectful' ANZAC day tweets. McIntyre condemned the commemoration of Anzac Day calling it 'the cultification of an imperialist invasion' SBS managing director Michael Ebeid was quick to distance the broadcaster from McIntyre's comments. SBS has since issued an official apology for offence caused.
Megan Sheehan, of San Francisco, was knocked unconscious and suffered broken facial bones and cracked teeth after police took her to ground. She had been arrested and booked at Santa Rita Jail for suspicion of resisting arrest, battery on a police officer and public intoxication on St. Patrick's Day of 2014. She is seeking unspecified damages in her suit, filed in the U.S. District Court in San Francisco.
Marsha Yumi Perry, 36, was arrested on Friday on accusations of felony hit-and-run, driving with a suspended license and on a misdemeanor warrant. She allegedly struck a five-year-old boy with her car before hiding in a shallow hole and covering herself with dirt. Police dog, Ranger, was able to track her scent through a field and stopped within five feet of the hole she was hiding in.
Bill Spedding was arrested and charged on Wednesday for the sexual assault of two girls in Sydney in 1987. The 63-year-old was a person of interest in the case of missing toddler William Tyrrell. The New South Wales Ombudsman is investigating how Spedding, who has been charged with five counts of child sexual assault and two counts of common assault, was able to live with children. The mother of three young boys, who cannot be named, was shocked to discover that the children had been living with a man accused of child abuse.
James Hayward had his toy gun confiscated at East Midlands Airport. The £6 plastic dart gun fires sponge darts but was deemed a security risk. The four-year-old was forced to hand it over and subjected to a pat down. Dad Phil, 44, described the security checks as 'ludicrous' and 'overzealous'
Phone records from early 2000s'show direct contact between separatists and US secret services' Putin said he raised issue with then-US President George W. Bush. He promised to 'kick the ass' of the intelligence officers in question.
Robin Barton was just four hours old when he was found by Michael Buelna behind a dumpster in November 1989. Buelna initially wanted to adopt Barton but was beaten to it by his adoptive parents. Barton and Buelna share a special bond, as the retired officer was abandoned by his mother as a young child, too, along with his four siblings.
Katia Apalategui's mother coped with losing her husband by clinging to his pillow. The strong link between smell and memory is the reason her product will provide 'olfactory comfort' to customers, she says. She teamed up with the university in France, where researchers have developed a technique to reproduce the human smell.
Saturday Night Live cast member Cecily Strong hosted the annual White House Correspondents' Dinner on Saturday. She poked fun at President Barack Obama, Hillary Clinton and Republican hopefuls during her 20-minute speech.
Svinafellsjokull glacier, part of the great Vatnajkull Glacier in Skaftafell National Park, is a popular hiking destination in Iceland. The world's largest salt flats, Salar de Uyuni, are a sight to behold covering a whopping 4.085 square miles in southwest Bolivia.
James was at practice with his Cleveland Cavalier teammates on Saturday at the TD Garden in Boston before their game against the Celtics. During a break in the action, James decided to practice his long-range shooting. Just before the long distance shot went through the hoop, James could be heard saying: 'Give me my money'
David Cameron has surged ahead of Labour in the polls going into the General Election. A Survation poll for the Mail on Sunday has shown a swing towards the Tories. English voters are so alarmed by the prospect of Sturgeon as PM they would prefer Scotland to be independent.
Hippopotamus stood its ground against hungry three-year-old lions in Zimbabwe's Hwange National Park. At first, the large mammal tried to scare the lions off before wandering towards nearby water. However, as the lions continue to prowl, the hippo abruptly turns around and charges towards them. As the lions walk away, the hippo turns around and charges towards them, successfully scaring them off.
Courtney Terry, 27, was diagnosed with the same disease that killed her brother seven years ago. Despite chemotherapy and a kidney removal, her cancer returned. She had planned to marry childhood sweetheart Billy Webb in seven months' time. But doctors have advised her to bring the event forward because her condition has worsened.
Temitope Adebamiro, 35, was charged with first-degree murder on Friday after her husband's death was ruled a homicide. Police were called to a home in Bear, Delaware, early on Thursday and found Adeyinka Adebamiro stabbed. Adebamiro's story about what happened changed several times and she suggested that her husband killed himself as well as mentioned a power outage that never happened.
Former Top Gear presenter seen laughing with traffic warden in London. Warden had tried to put a ticket on his green Lamborghini on yellow lines. Pair chatted for a few minutes before warden walked away without ticket. Clarkson, 55, was sensationally sacked from Top Gear by the BBC last month.
Christian Trousedale, 18, walked elderly man to his front door holding his hand. Picture of him and pensioner has been 'liked' a quarter of a million times. It's attracted attention from all over the world, with more than 50,000 shares in Dubai, Australia, the United States and elsewhere.
Thousands of Baltimore Orioles fans were trapped inside Camden Yards until police cleared them to leave shortly after 10pm. Protesters threw objects at cars, kicked windshields, smashed windows and threw a flaming trash can at police in riot gear. Violence continued into the evening, with reports of looting and smashing of shop windows. At least two people were injured and twelve protesters were arrested, according to police.
The man, believed to be in his 20s, suffered head and chest injuries. Firefighters spent 25 minutes trying to free the man from the car. Medics say he is fortunate to still be alive given the severity of the crash.
Sandie Konopelski of Shiloh, Illinois, was struck by a westbound commuter train on the tracks between Swansea and Belleville. She died of blunt-force trauma and was pronounced dead at the scene. Konopelski was licensed by the Illinois Department of Natural Resources as a wildlife rehabilitator.
Alastair Clarkson was filmed lashing out at a young man, thought to be an Adelaide Power fan. The man reportedly 'got in his face' yelling 'Hey Clarko, how was the win today brother?' Hawthorn CEO Stuart Fox said Clarkson was 'pushed and shoved all the way to the door' It's not the first altercation the Hawthorn coach has been involved in. In 2006 Clarkson was fined $5000 for abusing umpires on a plane and in 2008 he was fined for criticising umpire Justin Schmitt’s performance.
Jamie Robbins stole £1,600 from a shop in Kings Norton, Birmingham. 35-year-old walked into police station and said: 'Please arrest me' Robbins was jailed for four-and-a-half years after pleading guilty to robbery.
Amira Abase, 15, left Bethnal Green with Shamima Begum, 15, and Kadiza Sultana, 16. They are believed to be living in Syrian city of Raqqa, near Turkish border. Amira has now tweeted from inside Islamic State for the first time. She posted picture of Western-style takeaway dinner with 'jihadi bride' Amira's Twitter account was set to be private until recently.
Andy Erlam has announced he will stand to be the next Mayor of Tower Hamlets. The 64-year-old pledged to end years of 'Rotten Borough' politics. Last week Mr Erlam led four ordinary voters to unseat Lutfur Rahman. Rahman was found guilty of rigging his election in May 2014.
Christopher May, 50, will appear at Pontypridd Magistrates' Court tomorrow charged in connection with murder of Tracey Woodford. Ms Woodford, 47, is believed to have been attacked in woodland in Pontypridd on Tuesday before being taken back to property of man she was with. Her body was discovered with'massive injuries' at flat in Pontypridd on Friday afternoon, prompting police to launch murder investigation. Her family today paid tribute to Ms Woodford, who was last seen by them around 12.45pm on April 21 in Rhydyfelin.
First-time buyers will pay no stamp duty on properties worth up to £300,000. Mr Miliband will say Labour’s reduction in the rate of stamp duty to zero would benefit nine in ten first-time buyers – saving them up to £5,000 in tax. Labour claims its tax break would be funded by a further squeeze on tax avoidance, higher levies on foreign buyers and cuts in tax relief for landlords.
John Caudwell, 62, says visitors to his Staffordshire mansion have felt a bed vibrate and a ghost brushing past them on the stairs. He believes the goings-on are caused by the spirit of a terrified little boy who died in the 17th century conflict. Mr Caudwell sold off Phones4U in 2006 for £1.4billion.
Maura Pally said the foundation would'remedy' any errors but stressed the total revenue was reported accurately and that grants were properly broken out on its website. She said the foundation expected to refile some of its tax forms, following an external review, because it had'mistakenly combined' government grants and donations. The apology came the same day that a government watchdog said that the charity seemed like a'slush fund' for one of America's most powerful political families.
Lord Greville Janner is accused of molesting young boys in children's homes. The 86-year-old has been told he will not face child abuse charges because of his memory problems. But he could still face civil action from his alleged victims. Lawyers are questioning the extent of his dementia.
Two-hour, real-time documentary follows a canalboat at a leisurely 4mph. Film was shot on a sunny day last month and will air on May 5.
PETA is currently in talks with a number of billboard companies in the hopes of getting the poster mounted outside Harvey Nichols. Harvey Nichols, which has 12 locations around the world, previously stood against the fur industry, backtracked last year when it quietly re-introduced it.
Luke Stanwick, 30, is fighting for his life in a medically-induced coma. The police officer may never walk again after the 'horrendous' accident. He was on holiday with his wife Jenny and their two-year-old son, Nathan.
Labour's plans to impose rent controls are 'economically illiterate' They will slash investment in new housing, leading to more tenants being evicted. Ed Miliband yesterday confirmed he would press on with controversial plans. He said rent controls would give millions of 'forgotten' renters a fairer deal. But Generation Rent campaign group said his plans were 'riddled with loopholes'
More than 72,000 camp inmates and prisoners of war died at the Nazi camp including diarist Anne Frank. British soldiers liberated the camp on April 15, 1945 and today, seventy years on, hundreds of people sobbed as they laid flowers. Joachim Gauck, the German president, said the British soldiers who liberated the camp were 'ambassadors of a democratic culture' Ronald Lauder, president of the World Jewish Congress, also attended the memorial.
Heckler & Koch G36 is inaccurate up to 20ft at long range, tests claim. Weapon also unreliable when exposed to humidity or fired repeatedly. Findings have prompted urgent inquiry into the German-made firearm. Britain's police forces use a short-barrelled version of the weapon known as the G36C – and have a total arsenal of up to 3,000.
Scott Holder, a financial adviser from Santa Rosa, California, and Jon Reiter, a contractor from Kenwood in Sonoma County, were caught up in the avalanche. Reiter, who was making his third attempt at the summit, called his wife Susan by satellite phone. He described how he was given medicine to give to the injured, but one doctor told him: 'Don’t worry, you are just comforting these people. Most of them are not going to survive' Ashleigh Stumler from Charlotte, North Carolina, thought she was getting dizzy as she hiked on Mount Everest, but a guide soon informed her it was an
Footballer Aaron Lennon partied at Manchester nightclub on April 4. The Everton loanee is said to have partied in the VIP section of the venue. A teenage waitress claims Lennon grabbed her, slapped her and ripped her top. The 18-year-old reportedly fled to the toilet in tears and told police. Lennon was reportedly interviewed by officers under caution over the alleged assault.
The Disneyland Book of Lists contains over 200 crammed lists full of secrets known and those more obscure. Walt Disney received a wealth of advice, most of which he ignored, before opening his theme park in 1955. 15 presidents have visited the parks, but not during office hours.
Study of 18,500 patients found bowel cancer patients diagnosed a week later. Britain has one of the lowest cancer survival rates in Europe. This has partly been blamed on family doctors missing symptoms.
Maren Sanchez, 16, was stabbed to death at Jonathan Law High School in Milford, Connecticut, on April 25, 2014. A classmate, Christopher Plaskon, has been charged with murder. On the anniversary of her death Sanchez's classmates and event organizers said the idea was to remember Sanchez on the anniversary of her death with smiles and joy.
When Prince George was born in July 2013 his birth was announced via Twitter. Prince William's birth announcement was posted on easel outside Buckingham Palace in 1982.
Police ignored sexual abuse of hundreds of young girls because they were too busy chasing Labour crime targets that would earn bonuses for senior staff. Whistleblower Tony Brookes said money was diverted away from protecting the children from rape, trafficking and beatings in order to pursue so-called ‘priority crimes’ The offences, which included car crime, were considered crucial for a target culture introduced by the last Labour government. Targets have been scrapped by the Tories amid concern they were harming policing.
Chris Lewis, 68, has brought the unusual court case against ex-wife Nicola. He claims she had sex with another man only a few months into their marriage. She had a child - Charlie, now 19 - as a result but led him to believe the boy was his, he argues. DNA tests now prove that Charlie is not his biological son, he says.
Christopher Marinello, 53, is the founder of London-based Art Recovery International. He has recovered £250million worth of stolen art in the past two decades. Among his most high-profile successes was the recovery of Matisse's Le Jardin.
A steady stream of mourners filed into the Vaughn Green East funeral home for a wake for Freddie Gray on Sunday. Mourners passed by Gray's silk-draped, white coffin where he lay dressed in a white shirt, black pants, white sneakers and an all-white Los Angeles Dodgers baseball cap. Earlier in the day, a pastor at Gray's family church gave a speech in remembrance of the man who died on April 19 while in police custody. Gray, who was arrested for carrying a switchblade knife, died a week after the incident from a severed spine.
Last week, a handful of British tech fanatics took delivery of the first highly sought-after Apple watches. But it’s only one example of a new generation of watches designed to do far more than just tell the time. While these smartwatches might sound as if they’re just for tech-savvy geeks, whether you’re a fitness fanatic, there’s a watch that could make your life easier.
David Cameron has written to First Great Western to ask it 'urgently reviews' decision to almost double some fares on route through his Witney constituency. Passengers travelling from Charlbury, Oxfordshire, will have to pay £62.40 for return from May 17 - an 87% increase. Sharp price hikes to be introduced on routes between London and the Cotswolds, as well as Stafford and Liverpool. Rail firms have three windows every year in which they can increase 'unregulated' fares - which make up around half of their total revenue.
Fern, 57, suffered from depression throughout her adult life. She has four children with ex-husband Clive Jones. Mother-of-four came off anti-depressants last year. She has declared she has no interest in cosmetic surgery.
Juanette Cullum, 48, was arrested after a witness saw her stealing. Detectives searched her Brooklyn home, where they found iPads and toiletries. Cullum has been charged with grand larceny and criminal possession of stolen property.
A National Counterterrorism Center advisory group, ordered by the White House, is expected to recommend a radical shift in US hostage policy. The NCTC interviewed families of hostages, including the parents of James Foley, who was killed by Islamic State fighters. Foley's mother Diane said that officials from President Barack Obama's administration repeatedly told her family it was illegal to try to raise a ransom to free her son.
NBC's internal investigation reportedly found at least 11 puffed-up claims. Williams was suspended for six months after it emerged he lied about being on a helicopter hit by an RPG over Iraq in 2003. Further scrutiny of his record turned up other questionable claims, including dodging rocket fire over Israel and seeing a body floating through the French Quarter of New Orleans during Hurricane Katrina.
Historian Dr Jim Penman has drawn parallels between modern-day Britain and 100BC in Rome. The city was at its most powerful as it captured more land overseas and greater wealth poured into the centre. But over subsequent centuries there was a rise in social divisions, inequality and political tensions which resulted in its demise. Dr Penman made the claims in his book 'Biohistory: Decline and Fall of the West'
Gary Barlow, Mark Owen and Howard Donald told to pay back cash 11 months ago. Trio told to do so after 'investment' scheme they put millions into was ruled invalid. It is understood the trio are dealing directly with HMRC but have yet to stump up the cash. Delay has been criticised by The Taxpayers' Alliance. TV presenter Gabby Logan has already paid back all the money she owed.
Seven female students, some of whom attend Brigham Young University in Utah, were catfished by the same woman. The victims all believed they were involved in a relationship with a Mormon man living in the same state - only to find out they were being duped by a woman named Kayla in Texas. The women had a chance to confront the woman, named Kayla, on an episode of Dr Phil that aired on Friday. Kayla said she was trying to figure out who she was because it's 'difficult' to be both gay and Mormon.
One of the stunning watercolours, showing the moment Dorothy, Toto, the Tinman, the Lion and the Scarecrow meet the Wizard of Oz, went for £25,000. The other, imagining the Emerald City, capital of the Land of Oz and home to the Wizard, sold for £10,000. Both paintings, from the brush of famed art director Jack Martin Smith, were used to work out how the scenes might look once filming began. Little is known about where they were until they surfaced at an estate sale in the late 1980s.
Pippa Middleton is said to have bought eco-friendly biodegradable nappies. Self-warming bottle promises to warm a baby's feed to breast milk in 60 seconds. Spilly Spoon promises to administer medicine without spilling it first.
Lung Wong dinosaur skull is being sold by Hong Kong-based experts Evolve. It is more than 95 per cent complete bone, is 9.2ft (2.8 metres) long, 5.2ft (1.6 metres) high and 4.6ft (1.4 metres) wide. The name of the fossil is inspired by the symbol of'strength, good fortune and longevity' in Chinese culture - the dragon. However, the experts have not revealed when the auction closes and MailOnline has contacted it for more information.
The 38-year-old actor says that he's no longer the womaniser we once knew. Claims that he's now focusing on resurrecting his acting career and being a good father to his two sons James and Henry.
Arguments on Tuesday over same-sex marriage will cap more than. two decades of litigation and a transformation in public. attitudes. Based on the court's actions during the past two years, a. sense of inevitability is in the air: That a majority is on the. verge of declaring gay marriage legal nationwide. Justice Anthony Kennedy, the court's pivotal member on gay. rights, has been marching in this direction with opinions dating. to 1996.
Japanese photographer Uruma Takezawa spent 1,021 days on the road, travelling to 103 countries on four continents. His breathtaking photo series captures the dignity and resilience of his subjects and the power of the human spirit of those who live off the land.
Hani al-Sibai is believed to have influenced a number of young men. They then travelled abroad to join terror groups, including Jihadi John. The radical cleric lives in the same neighbourbood where Mohammed Emwazi hung out with fellow jihadists. Security services are now believed to be investigating al-Sibai's influence on the London Boys terror cell of which Emwazi was a part.
Rochelle Holmes, 26, ballooned to 20st 5lbs after eating four takeaways a week. She also smoked 20 cigarettes a day and never learned to cook a proper meal. Doctors told her she was at risk of suffering a stroke at just 23. She shed 8st after changing her diet and exercising and is now a size 12.
Corinthian Colleges will shut down all of its remaining 28 ground campuses, displacing about 16,000 students less than two weeks after the US Department of Education announced it was fining the for-profit institution $30 million. The closures include Heald College campuses in California, Hawaii and Oregon, as well as Everest and WyoTech schools in California, Arizona and New York. Corinthian collapsed last summer amid a cash shortage and fraud allegations and its closures are believed to be the biggest shutdown in the history of US higher education.
Dozens of Britons are still missing in Nepal following Saturday's earthquake. Susannah Ross, 20, told friends she was going trekking but has not been heard from since Friday. A number of Britons were climbing Mount Everest at the time of the quake. Others were staying in the capital Kathmandu or trekking through rural areas.
Geoff Haigh, 61, wanted to marry partner Heather, 54, after being diagnosed with terminal pancreatic cancer. Pair settled on venue close to their home in Oldham, Greater Manchester. But special day descended into farce after series of blunders by officials. Guests were forced to listen to wedding song 10 times in a row due to blunder. Couple were left with three marriage certificates after officials got crucial details wrong on the first two. Mr Haigh died weeks after the ceremony in November last year.
Asda says its range is the cheapest on the high street. A full outfit for a christening costs just £20 at the supermarket. Collection includes £15 romper inspired by Prince George.
The horseshoe-shaped glass walkway in Chongqing extends 87.5ft from the edge of a cliff, allowing visitors to feel as though they are walking on air. It is the longest cantilever bridge in the world, beating Arizona’s Grand Canyon Skywalk by 16.4ft. Located in the Longgang National Geological Park, the bridge has been named Yuanduan, meaning ‘at the end of the clouds’
Scientists at the CNR Institute of Clinical Physiology in Pisa, Italy, used CT scans of a tooth found in Riparo Bombrini in Ligurian Alps. They found that the enamel on the crown of the teeth was thicker than that found on Neanderthal teeth and it was more similar in morphology to modern humans. Radio carbon dating also showed that it was 40,000 years old. Using advanced scanning and DNA analysis, researchers have now been able to prove that these teeth belong to modern humans from this culture. They suggest it was the arrival of this modern human culture that marked a turning point in humanity’s evolution and led to
Judges rejected Home Secretary Theresa May's attempt to deport the 53-year-old serial criminal because of the risk of 'unacceptably savage' abuse he faced in Libya. He successfully argued he would be tortured and imprisoned by the authorities in his homeland because drinking alcohol is illegal. Case is estimated to have cost British taxpayers a six-figure sum.
Michelle Obama's office says the first lady chose what's being called 'Kailua Blue' to distinguish her family's china from the red, green, blue and yellow used on more recent state services. A fluted band of Kailua Blue, framed by a textured gold rim and a simple gold inner line, appears on all pieces of the service, except the dinner and serving plates.
RJ Jackson suffers from Netherton's syndrome, a rare congenital skin disease. It causes his skin to appear red and scaly, often covered in dry skin. The four-year-old's mother, Valerie, has to regularly cover him in creams. But while out shopping, a member of the public called police for child abuse. Mrs Jackson said RJ has been targeted by cruel adults in the street. She said: 'It just shows the extent of people's ignorance'
Dr Sanjay Gupta, who is in Kathmandu to cover the aftermath of Saturday's earthquake, was asked to perform a craniotomy on a 15-year-old girl. She had been injured when a wall of her family's home fell on her as she collected water outside. He was forced to use basic equipment, such as a saw, and sterile water and iodine from a bottle, rather than a proper scrub sink.
The unidentified woman's conversation with a dispatcher was revealed by ABC News. The woman was allegedly kidnapped Thursday in a parking lot in Loveland, Colorado, police there said. In the phone call, the dispatcher asked '911, what's the address of the emergency?' 'I don't know. I'm locked in a trunk,' the woman said.
Reddit user decided to write an incredibly sarcastic letter of resignation. In the note, the Reddit user repeatedly apologises for a number of unfortunate incidents.
The image was re-posted to Twitter on Sunday by an anti-ISIS activist. Abu Ward Al-Raqqawi, a self proclaimed 'founder of the Syrian revolution,' believes the chilling image was released to radicalise the next generation of jihadis. Terror experts have revealed to Daily Mail Australia the snapshot is a showcase of the groups supposed longevity. The post says the newborn child is called ‘Jrah’, while its mothers name is ‘Om’ and its fathers name is ‘Abu’
Sophie Wilson, 17, performed CPR on Bradley Parkes after he was found. He was found hanging from a tree in the woods near his home in Coventry. The 16-year-old was taken to Birmingham Children's Hospital in a coma. His mother Tiffany Parkes, 35, revealed he had made a'miracle' recovery.
The stark warning comes from General Keith Alexander, the retired four-star general and former chief of the National Security Agency. 'The greatest risk is a catastrophic attack on the energy infrastructure. We are not prepared for that,' he warned. Alexander listed five countries able to conduct cyber-warfare at the highest level: the US, UK, Israel, Russia and Iran.
Children living in Pakistan's slums, often forced into relocation due to fighting in tribal areas, have a little entertainment. The amusement parks have been erected on the outskirts of Islamabad and Rawalpindi, with swing rides and street food markets. Many of those who are enjoying the rides have fled their villages due to fighting between security forces and militants in the tribal areas.
John Suchet was in mourning after losing his wife Bonnie following dementia battle. The broadcaster declined to comment, stating it was a 'private family matter' Fans took to social networking site Twitter to offer their condolences. Classic FM presenter has spoken openly about his wife's diagnosis.
Michael O'Leary made the vow in an interview with a French weekly newspaper. He said Ryanair expects to grow its passenger numbers and cut costs. Dismissed claims that Ryanair staff face poor working conditions and wages.
Labour leader's 'Stalinist' plan to seize unused plots shocked experts. Property analysts said move would take Britain back to 'dark days' Miliband wants to bring in 'use it or lose it' powers for councils. Sites left idle could be compulsorily purchased for use by another developer.
Jackson was taken into police custody on Saturday for assault with a deadly weapon in West Lake, LA. The 34-year-old is accused of stabbing a man with a knife on Friday. The victim told police the man was Hobie - Jackson played Hobie Buchannon, the son of David Hasselhoff's character Mitch Buchannon on Baywatch.
Gina Rinehart's daughter, Bianca Rinehart, appeared in court on Monday. She was forced to sign a deed against her interests, the court heard. Her brother, John Hancock, and Bianca Rinehart are suing their mother. The siblings want to access records of mining profits.
Lisa McElroy, 50, reportedly sent the explicit link to her Drexel University students under the subject line 'Great article on writing briefs' on March 31. McElroy said she was'mortified' and 'in terrible shape' when she found out what she had done. Drexel conducted an internal investigation and found that McElroy, a tenured professor, had not violated the the university's sexual harassment and misconduct policy.
John Sims, who had Burkitt's Lymphoma, died on Saturday with his new wife Lindsey Sims by his side. The pair married March 21 at MD Anderson Cancer Center after John, who was to turn 31 tomorrow, was told his cancer was terminal. After the wedding they set off on a cross-country road trip, hoping to make it to visit John's friend Dave in Oregon. But their journey came to an end when John's condition worsened.
Myuran Sukumaran has requested to spend his last days painting. The Bali Nine member has requested to paint for as long as possible. His brother, Chinthu Sukumaran has pleaded with the Indonesian president to call off the firing squad. Sukumaran's lawyer was pictured removing the morbid paintings from the death row inmate's cell. It comes after it was confirmed that Australians Andrew Chan and Sukumaran will be executed just after the stroke of midnight on Wednesday.
Nicholas Pence, 25, and father David, 56, shot dead in their garage. They had been celebrating victorious football game with friends. Police believe it was a botched armed burglary, not a random attack. Haraqyon Degruy, 18, and her friend Dexter Allen, 17, have been charged.
Joyce Cox was just days away from celebrating her fifth birthday when she was strangled to death on her way home from school in Cardiff in September 1939. Her body was found dumped by a railway station but police have never caught her killer. Now, the girl's family have accused police of a 'cover-up' after they ordered that the case file be kept secret until 2040.
Dissident Vladimir Bukovsky is to be charged with making and possessing indecent images of children. The 72-year-old fled the Soviet Union in the 1970s after being accused of spreading anti-Soviet propaganda. Came after he managed to smuggle to the West 150 pages of documents detailing the abuse of psychiatric institutions for political reasons. He has been summonsed to appear at Cambridge Magistrates' Court next month.
Nursultan Nazarbayev has been re-elected as president of Kazakhstan. The 74-year-old former steel worker won 97 per cent of the vote. Nazarbayev has ruled the oil-producing nation since 1989. He said if he had interfered in the vote it would have been undemocratic.
The ocean-going tug MV Hamal was intercepted about 100 miles east of the Aberdeenshire coast. The crew of the Hamal, nine men aged between 26 and 63, were detained for questioning and later charged with drug trafficking offences. The value of the cocaine is likely to be worth hundreds of millions of pounds, depending on its purity.
Judith Russell, whose daughter Katherine married Tamerlan Tsarnaev, took to the stand in the sentencing phase of Dzhokhar's trial today. She told jurors how her daughter converted to Islam after meeting her husband. Russell admitted she drifted from her daughter as a result of the relationship - but said she considered the move a sacrifice for her husband. Tsarnaev's lawyers have argued that he should not be put to death because he was forced into the killings by his older brother.
Princess Madeleine, 32, is six months pregnant with her second child. The baby is due this summer and will be born in Stockholm. Madeleine and her husband Christopher O'Neill were at the Vatican today.
Collin Burns completed a Rubik's Cube in just 5.25 seconds, breaking the world record. The US national'speedcubing' champion was at an official event in Pennsylvania.
Kayla Mooney, of Danbury, Connecticut, was charged on March 31 after a seven-week police investigation. The boy involved told police about the sexual relationship they had off campus last year. Mooney was placed on administrative leave in February and has not commented on the allegations.
Labour's Paul Gilbert mocked by fellow candidate for Cheltenham at hustings. He said it was like having 'a manager of a football team that you don't rate' Also blasted Labour's 'entirely unsatisfactory' policy on tuition fees. Told voters at University of Gloucestershire: 'I don't like where we are'
Matilda Fitt was born nine weeks early in Barry, South Wales, weighing just 2lb 12oz. She won the part of Julia Poldark in the BBC drama only weeks after leaving hospital, where she was treated for pneumonia. Matilda was in and out of hospital for check-ups and tests since birth.
Photographer Jeffrey Milstein has shot a fascinating project documenting black boxes, shedding light on what happens to the devices after crashes. Despite the name, the boxes are usually red to help rescuers spot them among the wreckage of crashed planes and helicopters. The boxes record flight data and conversations between pilots, providing an insight into the final moments on board aircraft.
Renee Bergeron, 38, photographs children with special needs as superheroes, dressing them up with capes, goggles, and wands in order to make them feel like they can do anything.
St Patrick's Parish in Stephensville, Wisconsin said in a statement that the Original Pig Rassle will be replaced this August with a human foosball tournament. Global Conservation Group, an animal advocacy group, launched an online petition claiming the tournament was inhumane to the pigs. It garnered more than 81,000 signatures in efforts to cancel the event. Deacon Ken Bilgrien of St Patrick's Parish told Christian Today on Wednesday that the church is moving in a different direction for its 45th annual Roundup.
Lib Dems fighting 'tooth and nail' in fewer than a tenth of Westminster seats. Senior party sources admit current total of 57 MPs will be slashed to 'in the thirties' But they claim this could still be enough to put them back in power.
Bonnie Suchet died aged 73 after a decade-long battle with dementia. She was described by her husband as 'the love of my life' Last night Suchet, 71, declined to comment, saying it was a 'private matter'
Celine Bisette, who uses this pseudonym whenever she is discussing her career, says she is neither 'damaged' nor 'deranged' She would like everyone to abandon whatever assumptions they've made about her.
Dzhokhar Tsarnaev is due back in court today for the penalty phase of his trial. Prosecutors described him as 'America's worst nightmare' for the attack. But less than one in five Massachusetts residents believe he should be put to death. The figure falls to 15 per cent in Boston and 66 per cent in the city itself.
Patricia Wilnecker, 81, fell in love with Lamorna Cove in Cornwall in 1948. She moved nearby and even wrote a book about the beauty spot. But she has now been banned after a row with the landowner's son. Roy Stevenson accused her of knocking over Daniel, 36, during a stand-off. But Miss Wilnecker, who denies hitting him, says ban has devastated her life.
Flight TCX2515 was taxiing to runway when unruly passenger was removed. Witness said man started shouting 'I'll kill anybody who gets near me' Man was removed by an armed officer, causing delay for passengers.
Prime Minister was giving a campaign speech in south London on Saturday. He joked that everyone should back his team – but then named West Ham. embarrassed Mr Cameron this morning admitted he couldn't explain what happened. But he said it must have been because he had been past West Ham's ground. It later emerged that the PM actually flew over the ground in a private helicopter.
1.2 million Australians either have a secret credit card or hide purchases from a partner. One in ten also admit their credit card spending has lead to an argument. The biggest culprits of covert credit behaviour are women. Generation Y (aged 18-34 18-34) were found to be the least trustworthy of the age categories.
Brady Olson, a teacher at North Thurston High School in Lacey, Washington, tackled the boy to the ground after he fired two shots in the school commons. No one was injured in the incident, which took place before classes started on Monday morning. The shooter, who has not been identified, is in police custody.
Mass cremations have been taking place next to the Bagmati river, the waterway which divides Kathmandu. Today, plumes of white smoke could be seen floating across the city, as hundreds of bodies were burned in the ghats beside the river. Despite the sheer number of victims, mourning families are desperate to give their loved one the honourable send-off so revered in Hindu tradition.
Reality star said it was'very disappointing' that he stopped short of using the word. He had promised to use the word when he ran for office. Kardashian, whose Armenian heritage comes from her father, the late Robert Kardashian, has used her celebrity since 2011 to bring awareness to the genocide.
Elizabeth Dawes, 39, was told she had breast cancer in July 2013. Doctors at New Cross Hospital advised immediate surgery and chemotherapy. But four days later she was asked to attend an appointment with her consultant. There, he revealed there had been a mix-up with her hospital notes and those of two other patients - and she had, in fact, never had the disease. Royal Wolverhampton NHS Trust has admitted liability for the misdiagnosis and the unnecessary surgery performed.
Perfume entrepreneur joins 5,000 small business bosses in backing Tories. Signatories say they 'would like to see David Cameron and George Osborne given the chance to finish what they have started' One of the most high-profile names to sign the letter, Ms Malone this morning claimed a Labour government would 'jeopardise' economic recovery.
Charlotte Briggs was refused a place at Lydgate Junior School in Sheffield. Seven-year-old can see the school from her bedroom window but was not offered a place there. Mother Lynne, 49, says taking her daughter to school and back every day would require four hours of travelling on the bus. Sheffield City Council said the school Charlotte attends has never been a feeder school and advised parents to submit three preferences when applying.
Auckland coastguards received a call out to a homemade boat race. The event saw a couch strapped to a stack of tyres and a Subaru car. One boat capsized outside of the harbour, but no one was injured. Travellers were issued with a warning by police but no charges were laid.
William Shatner is planning to run a Kickstarter campaign to raise $30 billion (£20 billion) to build a pipeline from Seattle to California. He likened his project to a similar pipeline in Alaska - with, in this case, the pipeline running from Seattle to California down the I-5 highway. Without going into specifics, Mr Shatner added he would need a ‘large, four-foot pipeline’ above ground to keep enough water flowing. But the proposal to build a pipeline hundreds of miles long has been declared 'highly illogical' by some experts.
Detective Inspector Kelvyn Ashby said he was appalled by the Labour peer's note. It thanked him for how he had dealt with the issue, and invited him and his wife to dinner at Parliament. Detectives have carried out four child sex inquiries into Janner since 1991. Attempts to bring him to justice were repeatedly blocked. Director of Public Prosecutions Alison Saunders ruled that the 86-year-old peer should not face prosecution because of his dementia. The policeman who led the original investigation into Janner in the early 1990s spoke yesterday of how he was ‘gutted’ after orders to drop the case
Death toll from Saturday's earthquake in Nepal has now reached 2,500. Up to 18 people were killed and more than 60 injured when avalanche hit. Survivors described seeing tents with climbers still inside picked up and tossed across the camp before crashing down into rocks and ice. Aftershocks set off a series of further avalanches, prompting fears for the Britons.
The rap mogul unleashed a string of tweets on Sunday defending his premium music streaming service Tidal. His social media diatribe comes as reports claim that Tidal is being sabotaged by rivals as it attempts to take business away from more-established music outlets such as Spotify and Apple. 'We may not be perfect - but we are determined,' he said while claiming that there are'many big companies that are spending millions on a smear campaign'
Sergeant Edwin Mee, 46, accused of raping and molesting 11 women. Alleged offences took place between October 2010 and September 2011. Southwark Crown Court heard women were desperate for jobs. One, a virgin in her early 20s, fell pregnant after Mee raped her, jury told. He denies 17 counts of sexual assault, three counts of rape and one count of assault by penetration.
The stars of Martin Scorsese's classic 1990 gangster film Goodfellas reunited in New York on Saturday night for a very special 25th anniversary screening. Stars Ray Liotta, Robert De Niro, Lorraine Bracco and Paul Sorvino were all in attendance although director Scorsese was filming in Taiwan. Joe Pesci, who won an Oscar for Best Supporting Actor in 1991 for his turn as Tommy DeVito, didn't show.
Three-and-a-half-year-old black labrador Baylie lost a stone and a half in eight weeks. His owners, Margaret and Patrick Evans from Leeds, say he's now 'a different dog' after losing a stone and a half. The Lucky Dog Weight Loss Plan was devised by Vicky Marshall, who runs a natural dog food company. She worked out Baylie's weight and calculated special portions of carefully chosen lean meats in order for him to shed the pounds.
Kristopher Hicks, now 27, was on his way home from a night out in Bath. He was in a taxi driven by Michael Young, 56, five years ago. Mr Young, a former soldier, mistakenly believed Mr Hicks was planning to 'do a runner' and decided to drive him back to the rank in a bid to teach him a lesson. But when Mr Hicks objected, the driver continued on for almost a mile, leading him to jump from the vehicle while it was travelling at more than 20mph. He suffered devastating brain injuries, developed epilepsy and now requires round-the-clock care from
The Ashbrittle Yew is in the churchyard of the church in Ashbrittle, Somerset. Its central trunk is hollow with six smaller ones branching off. Locals fear it is on its way out due to wilting branches and falling leaves. Experts say the tree could just be going through a bad patch.
The Jenners are 'warning him to slow down on revealing too much of his journey on reality TV,' a source told TMZ. Bruce's eight-episode docu-series will air on E! starting July 27.
An isolated edge of vast West Texas is home to a highly secretive part of the 21st-century space race. One of two being directed in the Lone Star State by Internet billionaires whose personalities and corporate strategies seem worlds apart. The presence of Blue Origin, LLC, the brainchild of Amazon founder Jeff Bezos, barely registers in nearby Van Horn. Few visitors are allowed beyond the 'No Trespassing' sign and a remote-controlled gate and into the desert and mountain environment reminiscent of the Air Force's renowned Area 51 in Nevada.
Hashtags work with single emoji, multiple emoji or can be combined with text. Emoji are popular in the Instagram community, with nearly half of Instagram captions already featuring the small pictures. Instagram has also unveiled three new filters called Lark, Reyes and Juno.
The Presets told fans to'stop listening to us altogether' if they disagree with its opinion on the imminent Bali Nine execution. The string of posts started shortly after 11pm on Saturday night, when the band said it was 'thinking of Andrew Chan & Myuran Sukumaran and their families right now' It is believed Chan and Sukumaran will be executed in the early hours of Wednesday morning, Australian time.
Lib Dems admit they hope to end up with 30-something MPs after May 7. Best chance of holding the balance of power after the General Election is to finish 'in the 30s' if they are able to retain a number of closely-fought seats. Clegg tonight vowed to set out which of the policies announced in his manifesto would be non-negotiable.
Mary Cowan taught at George Watson's College in Edinburgh for 40 years. The 92-year-old's will reveals she had an estate worth nearly £2million. She generously ordered £700,000 of her wealth to be given to friends and family. Bursary scheme will be set up in her name to help poorer pupils attend school. Ms Cowan also left money for Alzheimer Scotland and The Royal Hospital for Sick Children.
Border Terrier Molly fell over cliff's edge chasing a lamb in Eype, Dorset. The eight-year-old dog survived a vertical drop of 100ft and a 150ft fall. She rolled down a steep slope and came to rest in gorse near the bottom. Owners Jane Tipper and her daughter Hannah couldn't reach her. Coastguards searched for Molly for four hours but couldn't find her. Three days later, Molly was found after walking a mile further along the beach.
Daniel Williams, from Toronto, filmed himself doing everything from sealing envelopes to sending emails to making cups and coffee. The 90-second clip has already attracted three million views on YouTube.
Northern Territory police arrested and charged a 39-year-old man and a 26-year-old woman following the drug bust in Katherine on Sunday. During the search, police found approximately 20 kilograms of kava divided into 862 small bags and a small quantity of cannabis. The man and woman were arrested and taken to Katherine Watch House. They will appear in Katherine Magistrates Court on Monday.
Elena Klimova runs an online support group for young people about coming out and dealing with discrimination. She regularly receives obscene hate-filled rants from strangers telling her she's 'disgusting' and should kill herself. The activist fought back by publishing the messages on VKontakte, the Russian equivalent of Facebook. She dubbed the album, 'Beautiful People And The Things They Say To Me'
Seven-year-old Sophia explains the process in a very cute way. Created by The Next Family, an organisation that supports diverse families. Around 27 per cent of same-sex partner households have children.
Oscar Hernandez, 24, shipped his namesake a rifle and two handguns in April 2013 - a month before the NFL player shot dead Odin Lloyd. Hernandez had been a rising star in the NFL with a $41million contract when he was arrested in June of that year. Oscar Hernandez faces up to 30 months in prison after pleading guilty in January to charges of transporting firearms across state lines.
Residents of Gillieston Heights were unable to cross the water to attend an Anzac Day memorial service. Karen Newton, a teacher and former professional musician, was on her way to deliver food to the victims of the floods. When she got to the water's edge at Testers Hollow, Ms Newton plucked her cornet from the car and began playing the bugle call. The video has over 5,000 views on Facebook. Cassandra Winter, who filmed the video, said that Ms Newton's act is what Anzac Day is all about.
A black-and-white photograph showing Hillary as a toddler has been posted on her Twitter feed. A black-and-white image posted on her Twitter account this weekend showed a very young Clinton pointing at the camera. A black-and-white photograph showing Hillary as a toddler just after the end of the Second World War has been posted on her Twitter feed.
South Glasgow University Hospital opened today complete with a fleet of robots delivering linen, a children's cinema and helicopter landing pad. Nicola Sturgeon said the state-of-the-art hospital proved SNP's commitment to the NHS. Ukip said the hospital had been funded with English taxpayers' money'shovelled' to Holyrood.
A Sydney family have claimed the body of a baby girl who was found on Maroubra Beach on November 30, 2014. Filomena D'Alessandro and Bill Green have been trying to claim the baby since January. The couple have managed to raise enough funds to provide the baby girl, who they have named Lily Grace, with a funeral. A service will be held for Lily Grace on Wednesday at the South Chapel at the Eastern Suburbs Memorial Park.
Miranda Ashley Calvin, 19, was arrested by Gresham police on Sunday. She is accused of killing 49-year-old Jerrie Ann Horning on Saturday night. Police said that tips from the public helped lead to her arrest.
Vincent Lamouroux publicly unveiled the project, named 'Projections' in LA's trendy Silver Lake neighborhood. He used an environmentally friendly limewash to coat the so-called Bates Motel, including several towering palm trees. The seedy motel, which has been closed for years, was actually named the Sunset Pacific Motel.
Jonathan Keats has designed a'millennium camera' that he intends to mount in a churchless steeple on a college campus. He hopes the resulting photograph will chronicle climate change by taking a 1,000-year exposure of a western Massachusetts mountain range. The camera is made of cooper and allows light to enter through a tiny hole and change paint inside.
Vampire Diaries star and Twilight actress tied the knot in Santa Monica mountains. He confirmed the nuptials on Twitter, writing: 'Most beautiful morning ever... (sic)'
Eva Mozes Kor, 81, publicly embraced Oskar Groening in court last week. She called for the prosecutions of former SS officers to end. But her co-plaintiffs said she should not have taken part in the trial. They said: 'If Mrs Kor says "these prosecutions must stop" then she should not have become a co-plaintiff'
Scotland's First Minister said Labour leader had allowed himself to be 'kicked around' by the Tories and called on him to be 'tougher' and 'bolder' She said Westminster politicians were in danger of being 'insulting' to Scottish voters.
Grant Clarke, 45, suffered a massive brain haemorrhage in May 2012. Left him paralysed on his left side, incontinent and unable to swallow. Concerned that he was being mistreated, his partner planted a camera. Footage revealed shocking extent of neglect he was subjected to at unit. Vanessa Kennard was one of three nurses charged with mistreating him. She was suspended in her absence by the Nursing and Midwifery Council. Ms Kennard told the hearing she 'wasn't interested' in the case.
Hundreds of'survivalists' and 'Preppers' descended on Salt Lake City, Utah, suburb of Sandy on Friday and Saturday for first ever PrepperCon. They learned new ways to store food, were led around underground bunkers, tried out solar powered flashlights - and even dressed up as zombies. Vendors showed off array of gear to help people survive a zombie apocalypse, a natural disaster or life in the wilderness.
Broga celebrates the physical over the spiritual, and. strength over flexibility. Experts say it sets men free to flex. tight hamstrings without hearing invocations to Hindu deities.
Mark Lawson, 44, stabbed colleague Simon Myers in the leg with a steak knife. Row broke out at a Christmas party at a pub in Newbury, Berkshire. Lawson was angered when Mr Myers started eating onion rings from his plate. He'reacted in a very loud way' and stabbed Mr Myers in the leg. Lawson was spared jail at Reading Crown Court today.
Jordan Almgren was stabbed in the neck and declared dead after his family drove him to a hospital. Deputies put out an alert for William Schultz after they said he got away in a truck outside the home. Schultz was arrested at a hospital in Antioch at 3pm. Officials didn't say what Schultz was being treated for and the motive for the stabbing remains under investigation.
Scottish First Minister said Labour had no chance of winning majority on its own. Mr Miliband yesterday insisted he would not agree to 'confidence and supply' deal. But he refused to rule out relying on SNP votes to pass key legislation. Critics said that would mean a weak Labour government negotiating day in, day out with SNP MPs.
The Dutch royal couple were in the city of Dordrecht to celebrate King Willem-Alexander's birthday. Koningsdag - or King's Day - is a public holiday in the Netherlands and is traditionally marked with a royal procession. Willem-Alexander turned 48 on the 27th April and was joined on the visit by his wife Maxima and their three daughters.
Amy-Beth Ellice, 17, from Essex started baking at the age of three. Her first cookbook, Amy's Baking Year, was published at age 14. Her second, all about entertaining, is now firmly in the works.
More than 45,000 people have signed petition calling for Protein World ad to be pulled. The bright yellow advert features a model in a bikini with the question: 'Are you beach body ready?' The Advertising Standards Authority has received 216 complaints about the advert. Katie Hopkins has called those complaining about it 'chubsters' and encouraged 'angry chubsters' to chase her.
A 7.8-magnitude earthquake hit Mount Everest on Saturday, triggering an avalanche that flattened the base camp. The avalanche killed 18 people, including four Americans, and injured 61 others, Nepal's mountaineering department said. Survivors have recounted how they were dragged by the wind and snow and emerged to find the camp destroyed.
Russian vessel Oleg Naydenov caught fire in Las Palmas port on April 11. It was towed out to sea as a precaution and sank some 15 miles south of Gran Canaria. One beach has been cleared of oil and clean-up operations are ongoing.
Pritesh, 36, and Mansi Gandhi, 35, started trying for a baby ten years ago. Mansi fell pregnant in 2007 but the boy, Khushi, was so premature he died after a six-month fight for life. After IVF treatment, Pritesh's sister Hiral gave birth to Krish three weeks ago.
Dozens have been clambering around debris of Dharahara Tower in Kathmandu. Historic nine-storey structure has been reduced to pile of red brick dust. One rescuer said those taking selfies were not 'understanding tragedy' He said: 'This is earthquake tourism. This is not right'
George Osborne admitted he was secretly addicted to hit BBC series Poldark. Chancellor claimed the 'one hour' a week he allowed himself off was to watch it. He vowed to maintain tax relief on big TV productions.
Hannah Wilson's body was found in rural Brown County, Indiana on Friday morning after she was last seen leaving a bar on Monday. Daniel Messel, 49, has been arrested on suspicion of her murder. Police have said that the circumstances of her death are 'eerily similar' to the case of 20-year-old Lauren Spierer, who vanished after a night out in 2011.
Mark Hawkins, 49, reportedly barricaded himself inside a Greyhound-style bus. He was being hunted in Lane County for failing to appear on a drug charge. Seconds later, he allegedly fired gun from front of bus, striking a police dog. Bullet struck K-9 Baco in the head, prompting an exchange of gunfire. SWAT officers and police fired more than a dozen rounds of tear gas at bus. They finally decided to ram an armored car into vehicle, which hit Hawkins. Suspect was hit and wounded by nine bullets; he later died in hospital. Officers involved in shooting placed on administrative
Researchers say 75% of extreme hot weather and 18% of heavy precipitation is being driven by global warming as a result of man-made emissions. They warn that as climate change pushes global temperatures higher, humans will be responsible for 40% of extreme rainfall events. Temperatures across the world averaged 0.8C (1.4F) above 20th century averages - making 2014 the warmest year in records dating back 134 years.
The storm started Sunday evening in Comanche County, Texas and moved northeast towards the Dallas/Fort Worth area. More than five tornadoes were reported in the region, including a funnel cloud seen over Stephenville, 70 miles southeast of Forth Worth. Residents were urged to stay indoors and seek shelter because of flying debris and the possibility of 'complete destruction'
Dr Warren Weinstein, a 73-year-old US economic adviser, and Italian aid worker Giovanni Lo Porto, 39, were killed in a botched drone strike in Pakistan in January. Obama reportedly granted CIA waiver exempting the agency from providing proof that intended targets of drone strikes posed an imminent threat to the US. Without Obama's waiver, CIA operatives would have been forced to gather additional information and surveillance data on the militants targeted in the January 15 strike.
Labour leader will insist he offers 'clear, credible and concrete plan' Shadow home secretary Yvette Cooper refused at least four times to say Labour would put a target on net immigration. During Labour's 13 years in power, the foreign-born population rocketed by 3.6million.
Euan Ritchie and Jen Martin's crowdfunding page received a pledge for over $2 billion. The couple launched the page in a bid to track the numbers of kangaroos in the Northern Territory. Within two days they received the mystifying pledge from someone called Jeffrey Green. Pozible cancelled the payment because it was deemed suspicious. The couple still hope to reach their goal of $15,000 to their kangaroo preservation project.
Paul and Laura Elliott married at St Katharine Docks in London. The couple ran the first half of the marathon separately. They then met half way round for the ceremony which was witnessed by 80 guests. Paul, 41, lost his father to bowel cancer 19 years ago.
Wood Green animal charity has teamed up with cleaning and DIY app Handy to offer customers a cat fostering service. The service is being provided through the Handy smartphone app, which allows users to book cleaners and handymen for home repairs. The charity provides litter trays, feed and bedding to help foster families look after their pet.
Researchers found women judged to have pretty faces also have appealing voices. Men can judge how attractive a woman is by hearing her talk, according to study. Researchers photographed faces and recorded the voices of 42 women.
Tyrone Sevilla and his mother Maria Sevilla have lived in Australia since 2007. The 10-year-old has been diagnosed with autism at the age of two. He has excelled since starting at a specialised school in Townsville four years ago. His mother is a single mother and works as a nurse at a local hospital. Their visa application was rejected 28 days ago because Tyrone's autism would be a 'burden on the Australian health system'
Awkward photos of the New Zealand PM pulling young girls' ponytails are being posted on social media. This comes after he was forced to apologise to an Auckland waitress for touching her hair at work. Amanda Bailey, 26, wrote a blog post shaming John Key for his behaviour. She said he kept playfully pulling her hair despite being told to stop during election time last year. Mr Key defended his pranks as 'a bit of banter' and said he had already apologised for his actions.
Reality TV star, 24, models Ibiza-inspired summer brights and tropical print sun dresses. Fitness fanatic shows off toned midriff in cut-out swimwear. Will be returning to Made In Chelsea in the coming weeks.
More than two dozen babies recently born to Nepalese surrogates are being airlifted out of the country to safety. On Monday, several premature babies - and some wounded people - were ferried to an Israeli military base. Later in the day, five more infants landed safely in Tel Aviv with their Israeli families. Many Israeli male couples have traveled to capital of Kathmandu to father children with help of surrogate mothers. In Israel, the procedure is limited by law to only heterosexual partners. Saturday's 7.8-magnitude earthquake has so far claimed more than 4,600 lives.
TV presenter said her sister, Debbie, had managed to contact family to say she was safe after earthquake on Saturday. But she said her life may have been saved because she had altitude sickness. Debbie had not yet reached Everest Base Camp, where a deadly avalanche hit.
Cassandra Fortin and her mother initially refused the recommended treatment for Hodgkin's lymphoma, saying they wanted to explore natural alternatives. But in January, a court ruled that Cassandra could not make the decision because she was not legally mature enough. The state's Department of Children and Families gained temporary custody of the teen. On Monday, Cassandra was released from hospital and said she was 'happy' to be heading back to her Hartford home.
Kris Jenner looked downcast and emotional as she went to the gym in Beverly Hills on Monday. The 59-year-old momager is still coming to terms with her ex-husband Bruce Jenner's revelation that he's always felt female. On Friday, Bruce told the world that 'to all intents and purposes and I am a woman' and said his third wife Kris knew about his desire to be female. Kathie Lee Gifford said on Today on Monday that she didn't know about Bruce's secret and is still trying to get her act together.
Isobel Attwood left her home in Winchester, Hampshire, on Saturday. The 16-year-old has not made contact with her family since then. Friends say she is in Southampton with a man in his 20s. Police are becoming concerned for the teenager's welfare.
Dawn, who has had seven miscarriages, appeared on The Jeremy Kyle show. Accused long-term chum, convicted burglar Jamie, of taking £207. When he was caught out, she burst into tears and stormed off the stage.
Dr Xiao-Ping Zhai opened The Zhai Clinic in London in 1996. She says she has helped 1,000 women become pregnant. Her methods include acupuncture and prescribing a bespoke combination of Chinese herbs which must be taken day and night. The herbs may be drunk as a tea or are provided as a vitamin tablet - 12 must be taken in the morning and 12 in the evening.
The Keshwa Chaca is the last Inca rope bridge still standing in the Andes. It spans the Apurimac River near Huinchiri, Peru, in the Province of Canas. It takes three days to rebuild the bridge using the same techniques as the Incas.
Chrystie Crownover, the daughter of a Mormon minister, married Bruce straight out of college in 1972. The couple had a son Burt and a daughter Cassandra and are grandparents. Bruce revealed to ABC's Diane Sawyer on Friday night that he believes he is female. Chrystie said she was'so relieved' the world now knows Bruce's 'big, big, big dark secret'
John Goodwin, 75, shot himself near his car outside the Rockingham County Superior Courthouse in Brentwood on Friday. Jury was not aware of what had happened outside the courthouse when they declared a mistrial.
73-year-old woman suffered severe bruising to her legs and ribs in crash. She was waiting for an ambulance with her husband, who has dementia. Thief sneaked into car and stole black Garmin device from under passenger seat. He was photographed leaving scene with his dog at around 12pm last Thursday.
The gel contains platelet-rich plasma (PRP) - a concentrated mix of substances in the blood that play a role in healing. It is made by taking a small amount of blood from a patient's arm and processing it in a machine that spins the blood at high speed until it separates into its various components. Platelet-rich plasma is sometimes used to treat tendon injuries and is also used in some cosmetic procedures that claim injecting it into the face can rejuvenate skin - nicknamed the 'vampire facelift'
Ian Pettigrew, 46, from Ontario, Canada, was working on his book of portraits, Just Breathe, when he realized he had more female subjects than male. After someone noted that the collection of photos was 'turning out to be a bunch of hot chicks with CF', he became inspired to start his second project, Salty Girls.
Craig Lister, 54, is on hormone therapy for prostate cancer. This starves cancer cells by reducing levels of testosterone in the body. Has the side-effect of hot flushes.
Tens of thousands of selfies from across the country have emerged on social media to mark the centenary ANZAC Day. Some misspelt hashtags such as #leastweforget, #lessweforget or #letsweforget while others uploaded meaningful captions for the fallen soldiers. Others pouted or posed with their tongues sticking out with their friends while people posted inappropriate or disrespectful captions. Several photographs were taken from Instagram and shared onto a Tumblr page called ANZAC Day Selfies.
The 26-year-old was at the Maple Hayes School of Dyslexia in Litchfield. She was greeted by a flag-waving crowd and unveiled a plaque. The engagement is the second in less than four days for the Princess.
Extra stretch of coastline on Shiretoko Peninsula near the town of Rausu. Rises as high as 50ft from the sea surface in some places. Geologists believe the emergence is a result of a landslide nearby.
Lynch, 55, replaces Eric Holder, who left the job Friday after six years as attorney general. 'We can restore trust and faith both in our laws and those who enforce them,' Lynch said. 'It seems like such an understatement to say my heart is full, but it is,' she added. 'Ladies and gentlemen, it's about time this woman is being sworn in,' said Vice President Joe Biden, who administered the oath.
Friends of the Deputy Prime Minister have indicated he will quit if the Lib Dems are reduced to fewer than 30 MPs. But Mr Clegg insisted he would fight for his job 'in all circumstances'
James Staring, a London-based personal trainer, says there are four simple ways to banish belly fat. Avoid white bread and pasta and only eat carbohydrates after exercise. Do full body exercises and do short bursts of high intensity exercise. Write down what you eat (including how you feel two hours afterwards)
Meteorologists say an east coast low – the same weather system that lashed the state's east coast for three days last week – could hit again. Heavy rain could hit the Hunter region from Thursday through to Saturday. The State Emergency Service was deluged with calls for assistance last week and has more than 4,000 jobs still to be completed.
Less than 12 hours after last night's finale, fans took to Twitter. Some complained of having 'withdrawal symptoms' due to show's end. Others said they have nothing to look forward to now it's over. Series two of Poldark is due to start filming this autumn.
The Nissan Note Mk1 scored just 80 per cent in a survey of 60,000 drivers. Hot on its wheels is the Hyundai i20 Mk1 with 81.01 per cent. Fiat Panda Mk2 came in third with 81.49 per cent of the vote.
Rose McGrath was dismissed from St Joseph Middle School in Battle Creek, Michigan, for not meeting academic and attendance standards. She's been battling leukemia since 2012 and has missed several days of school because of the recovery process. The school wrote in a letter to Rose's father that officials worked with her but 'hampered her academic performance'
Christopher Nathan May, 50, is accused of killing Tracey Woodford, 47. Her body was discovered at a flat in Pontypridd, south Wales on Friday. May is charged with murder and remanded in custody by magistrates. He will appear at Cardiff Crown Court tomorrow for a plea hearing.
The St Ivan Rilski Church is the only remaining evidence of the community of Zapalnya, Bulgaria. Named after patron saint of Bulgaria, the crumbling stone structure now cuts a ghostly figure in a few feet of water. Located about 175 miles east of the capital, Sofia, the ruins and the reservoir itself have become a popular destination.
Audrey Hepburn voted most stylish Brit of all time. Princess Diana came second, Kate Middleton came fourth and Twiggy came fifth. David Beckham came in at number nine, Victoria Moss came in at number 10.
Tim Ward and his wife of 38 years, Brandy, were at home in Oso, Washington. On March 22, 2014, tons of debris, soil and rock came crashing down. Brandy was one of the 43 people killed by the force of the natural disaster. Tim broke his pelvis and was buried under 25 feet of mud, but survived. A week later he was told he did not have 'landslide insurance' He has spent the past year trying to pay his mortgage, which a donor has now paid.
Many smartphones on sale today come with built-in FM chips. However, nearly two thirds of these devices don't have the feature activated. Broadcasters, including the BBC, are pushing for the mobile industry to activate the FM chips within smartphones to allow users to access their free radio feature. It is thought many mobile phone network providers are reluctant to allow this because it would reduce demand for data used by streaming internet broadcasts.
Lydia Bright met Ed Miliband as part of the 'useyourvoice' campaign. The 24-year-old said he 'definitely' topped her list of political leaders. She said she would'snog or marry Ed because he's the best-looking'
Engineers at the DFKI Robotics Centre describe the EOssc2 as an 'ultra flexible micro-car for mega cities' and plan on enabling it to drive itself. The car turns its wheels to manoeuvre and mimic the movement of a crab. Its unusual design also features a forward tilt and doors that open like the DeLorean in Back to the Future. It is currently being tested in the cities of Bremen and Dalian, China.
Palaeontologists are referring to Chilesaurus diegosuarezi as a 'platypus' dinosaur because of its bizarre combination of features. These include its small skull and feet, which are more like those seen on long-neck dinosaurs. Fossils dating from the Late Jurassic Period, around 145 million years ago, reveal an unusual combination of features from various dinosaur groups. Chilesaurus was a vegetarian, despite belonging to theropod family of dinosaurs, which were mostly fierce meat eaters.
The Egyptian-themed mansion, advertised online as Pharaoh's Palace, promises a 'perfect private location' on seven secluded acres in Tampa. Millionaire Gary Lowndes purchased the property in 2013 for $2 million and had planned to film a reality show about strippers on the property. Websites indicate there was property has also been home to Pharaoh's Daughters, a school for strippers. But the mansion also became where Sean Grey, a former adult-themed business investor, ran a modeling agency dubbed Pharaoh's Daughters.
Convicted drug smuggler Andrew Chan has married his girlfriend of three years, Febyanti Herewila. The pair wed inside the chapel at Besi Prison on Nusakambangan Island on Monday with immediate family present. This comes just months after the Bali Nine ringleader proposed to his girlfriend while he was still at Kerobokan Prison in February. Febyanti immediately accepted his proposal, despite the fact that she knew he was condemned to death by Indonesian president Joko Widodo.
Kim Richards was arrested at the Beverly Hills Hotel on April 16 after a heated exchange at the bar. The 50-year-old admits to Dr Phil in an emotional interview that will air tomorrow that she was drunk on the night of her arrest. The former child star turned Real Housewife claims she drove to the Beverly Hills Hotel at midnight on April 16 after drinking a large glass of vodka. She says she pulled into the hotel on her way home because she saw it as a 'comfortable, familiar' place and felt the alcohol taking affect. Astonishingly, the mom-of-four insists she didn't head
Emergency services were called to Parmelia Hotel in Perth at about 1am. A 22-year-old man jumped from the 10th floor and landed in the shallow end of the pool on the second level. Guests heard a disturbance between a man and a woman, who were visiting the city from a US naval ship. Police say the pair were both heavily intoxicated when an argument escalated. The man has been taken to Royal Perth Hospital with non-life threatening injuries.
Rhiannon Wilkinson, head of Wycombe Abbey says girls do better in single sex schools. Claims a 'boy free' environment stops them being held back by boys. Also says single sex schools allow them to'remain girls for longer' Two years ago scientists found that girls mature faster than boys.
Dan Fredinburg, 33, was one of four Americans confirmed to have died. An earthquake hit Nepal on Saturday, causing a tsunami of snow and ice to engulf the base camp. His girlfriend Ashley Arenson said Fredinburg had a way of making people around him feel special and urged them to accomplish everything they wanted. She revealed that he wanted to return to Mount Everest following the devastation of the avalanche last year - when 16 people were killed.
The Navy says a second SEAL has died following a training accident in a swimming pool at a base in Virginia. Lt. David Lloyd tells media outlets that Special Warfare Operator 1st Class Brett Allen Marihugh of Livonia, Michigan, died Sunday. The 34-year-old Marihugh and 32-year-old Special Warfare Operator 1st Class Seth Cody Lewis of Queens, New York, were found unresponsive on Friday at the bottom of the Combat Swimming Training Facility.
George W. Bush, 68, spoke at closed-door meeting with Jewish donors. Said Obama's plan to lift Iran sanctions is not plausible - and comes too soon. Also implied that America could lose leverage if it relaxes them soon. Said comprehensive nuclear deal would have negative impact on national security. Comments were made at Republican Jewish Coalition session in Las Vegas.
Isa Richardson, 46, confronted schoolgirl and demanded she hand over money. She claimed she needed money because her car had broken down. The 12-year-old said she felt intimidated and had no choice but to hand over cash. Richardson admitted her offence at Maidstone Magistrates Court. She was ordered to pay £20 because of the stress she was forced to endure.
Ukip leader said his party is now the'serious challenger' to Labour. He accused Labour of making claims Ukip is racist because it is 'running scared' Mr Farage called on Conservative supporters to vote tactically to help Ukip beat Labour in its target seats.
J.Lo is a huge fitness fan, and the mother of two has completed triathlons. She avoids sugar and salt and tries to get eight hours' sleep a night.
Karen Bell, 42, met the man on dating website Plenty of Fish last year. Pair began chatting and exchanged flirty texts before meeting up for sex. She spanked him with a pair of trainers and told him to remove trousers. Bell then contacted him and threatened to post the footage online. She demanded £55 and claimed her son had secretly filmed their tryst. Bell has now been jailed for 12 months after pleading guilty to blackmail.
John Lord went missing from his home on April 6 less than a week after his wife June, 81, died from a 'catastrophic bleed' to the brain. His family feared the worst after discovering a note describing how much he missed his wife of 63 years and how he could not live without her. Nottinghamshire Police launched an appeal in a bid to track down the grandfather-of-three on the day he disappeared from his home. Today officers confirmed a body pulled from the River Trent on April 15 by a specialist underwater search unit was sadly that of the missing pensioner.
Buy and Keep launched in April 2014 for Sky+HD subscribers. It lets people stream movies straight to their TV, or to their mobiles. Films can also be watched across multiple devices using a 'follow me' function. New releases cost £13.99 and classics are £7.99, but this includes the price of a physical DVD and postage. By comparison, the latest releases on Talk Talk-owned Blinkbox start at £3.49 to rent or £8.99 to buy a digital copy the user can keep and watch on up to five devices.
Pat Senior, 66, has shared five-bedroom home in Bolton, Greater Manchester, with the animals for more than 30 years. Grandmother-of-four estimates she spends £240 a week on food and treats for the dogs, with veterinary bills adding another £17,000 to the yearly cost of caring for the pets. She takes in neglected greyhounds as well as adopting dogs from pounds, and at one stage had 26 dogs living under her roof.
Kieran Murray, from Brisbane in Queensland, recently spent months travelling across the US and documented his interactions with locals all around the country. He has released the second installment of his hilarious series which asks Americans to attempt the Australian accent by saying 'G'day mate, how you going?' 'I don't even know what he said!' exclaimed one Texan when asked by the Brisbane man to repeat the phrase.
Colder weather is set to last the first half of May - and the forecast comes less than a fortnight after mercury breached 25C (77F) mark. Sleet and snow are forecast for today and tomorrow from Pennines northwards, and there were small accumulations yesterday in Cairngorms. Met Office has severe yellow ‘be aware’ ice warning for north-east Scotland, warning motorists of a disruption risk until 7am today.
Polish authorities said last week they would ban entry to the Night Wolves. The group vowed to enter anyway and 15 were seen Monday morning. Poland is extremely critical of Russian actions in Ukraine. It is disturbed that the Night Wolves has rallied against the Ukrainian government and celebrated Russia's annexation of Crimea.
SBS journalist Scott McIntyre was fired on Sunday over his controversial Anzac day tweets. The senior writer for the Australian Financial Review labelled Anzacs 'racist yobs' The day before Anzac day, the AFR's Geoff Winestock said he hoped 'in 50 years no soldiers around to honour' SBS Managing Director Michael Ebeid and Director of Sport Ken Shipp said McIntyre's comments have 'caused his on-air position at SBS to become untenable' SBS has since issued an official apology for offence caused.
The 41-year-old model and television personality also premiered a new short hairdo at the awards ceremony honouring the best in daytime television. Matt Lauer received plenty of thanks during the two-hour broadcast on the Pop basic cable network after a comedy bit featuring pasties and black stockings.
Betheny Coyne, from Wigan, Lancashire, was diagnosed with a heart defect before she was born - and was never expected to reach her fourth birthday. But she defied medical predictions and now, aged 24, she is mother to three healthy children. This is despite being warned that each pregnancy could have placed so much extra strain on her heart that she would die.
Tests show Pedro Abad's blood alcohol content was 0.24; the legal limit in New York is 0.08. Authorities say Abad crashed head-on into a tractor-trailer after leaving a Staten Island strip club. The truck driver suffered injuries that weren't considered life-threatening.
Nasa scientists in California have revealed an interactive 3D map for Vesta using images from the Dawn spacecraft. The map lets you see features on the surface including craters, hills, mountains and even 'canyons' You can also measure elevation changes on the surface and see different measurement data. And a 'gaming mode' lets you fly around the largest asteroid in the solar system using your keyboard's arrow keys. The Dawn spacecraft spent a year, from 2011 to 2012, mapping and exploring Vesta. It is so large compared to other asteroids that is sometimes referred to as a minor planet.
Colin Pitchfork was jailed for life in 1988 for raping and killing two schoolgirls. He strangled 15-year-old Lynda Mann to death after raping her on a footpath. Three years later he raped and killed Dawn Ashworth, also 15, less than a mile from where he murdered Lynda. Pitchfork was finally caught two years later thanks to DNA tests on all the men in surrounding villages. He received a 30-year minimum sentence which was then cut to 28 years in 2009, meaning he was supposed to be eligible for release next year. Once a case has been referred to the Board, it usually takes around six months
Mitchell Keenan, 32, was diagnosed with frostbite six weeks ago. His sister rushed him to hospital where they were so badly diseased they had to be amputated. He had been living in a tent with his father after being evicted from home. Mr Keenan's aunt, Dawn Doyle, 54, says they were 'horrified' to see his blackened toes.
Prince Harry will tonight fly out of the UK to Australia without seeing new niece or nephew. The prince will not be able to meet the new royal baby until he returns to this country in mid May. Harry had returned briefly at the weekend to hand out prizes at the London Marathon after undertaking several engagements in Turkey. But with Duchess now several days overdue, Harry is being forced to return to Australia where he is on a month-long placement with the army. Instead he spent time playing doting uncle to his nephew, Prince George, who turns two in July, at the Cambridge's apartment at Kensington Palace
3AW host John Burns has been named as the person alleged to have called Bachar Houli a 'terrorist' Burns said he doesn't recall making the comment and is'mortified' by the allegation. Bachar Houli is a multicultural ambassador for the AFL. Richmond Football Club said they 'now consider the matter closed'
Media executives who spoke to POLITICO say that information leaked to the press from the NBC investigation into anchor Brian Williams was designed to make him resign. The leaked information, along with a report that Williams lied during an interview on The Daily Show with Jon Stewart, is designed to make the disgraced anchor negotiate an exit from his network, according to media executives.
Tamale Rocks was performing at Chicago bar, Cigars and Stripes, when she stumbled on the creepy looking glass. She opened a mirrored door to find a cleaning closet and shot the view of the toilet through the two-way mirror. Bar owner Ronnie Lottz said Cigars and Stripes has had the two-way mirror since 2001.
Eben Kaneshiro, 35, was arrested last week and charged with three counts of first-degree sodomy and sexual abuse involving a boy under the age of 12. Paramedics were unable to revive him after he was found unconscious around 3am on Sunday. Authorities believe Kaneshiro hanged himself in his cell at Deschutes County Adult Jail.
Tactics used to bend the rules revealed by more than 500 teachers. One in five said colleagues had written coursework, dictated essays or provided examples for students to copy. Details emerged at a Teacher Ethics In Assessment symposium at Oxford University.
Inspectors in Welshpool and Llandrindod Wells accused of being too lax. Powys County Council needs to issue 40 per cent more tickets to break even. In one case, a driver had already overrun their allotted time by 15 minutes. Officials often did not penalise tradesmen for parking in restricted areas.
The man in his 50s was travelling on his motorbike in Dezhou City, east China. He was hit by a car at a busy junction and thrown off his bike. His brother died at the same spot eight months earlier after colliding with a lorry.
Samantha Armytage made the comment on-air last month. She was interviewing non-identical twins from the UK, Lucy and Maria Aylmer. Co-host David Koch seemed taken aback by the comment. A Change.com petition was launched on Monday, signed by 186 people. It demands that Armytage, producer Michael Pell or a representative from Sunrise apologise for the comment.
Spitfire P9374 was one of the first Mark 1 planes built in March 1940. But it never made it to the Battle of Britain as it crash-landed in May 1940. Plane was being piloted by Flying Officer Peter Cazenove over Dunkirk when it was hit by a single bullet from a German Dornier bomber. Wreckage was discovered when part of it was spotted poking out from its sandy grave in 1980. It was corroded and covered in barnacles but amazingly still intact. Plane will be auctioned for charity on July 9 and is expected to fetch up to £2.5million.
Naunihal Singh, 54, woke up great-grandfather Ujjal Singh, 63, in bed. Sliced him with kitchen knife at son and daughter-in-law's home in Manchester. Attack came after heated argument over couple's lack of children. Ujjal accused Naunihal's son Yawinder-Pal 'Monty' of 'firing blanks' Naunihal jailed for at least 17 years and 39 days after admitting murder.
Designer tote bag, hand-made in Japan, was a 50th birthday gift. It was a £2,000 gift for Hampstead woman, Sabine Smouha, from her husband Jeremy, the director of an investments company. But, when it arrived in Britain in 2013, customs officers confiscated it because it didn't have the right documentation. Now, Mrs Smouha has been handed victory by a tribunal judge.
Cleveland Cavaliers forward Kevin Love dislocated his left shoulder during game four of the first round of the NBA Playoffs against the Boston Celtics on Sunday. Love was dragged by the arm by Boston Celtics center Kelly Olynyk during the first quarter resulting in an injury that forced the Cavaliers forward from the game. 'I thought it was a bush-league play,' Love said after the game while wearing a sling.
Seven human skulls dating back nearly 2,000 years have been found at the Crossrail site near Liverpool Street station. They were packed neatly into a cooking pot and set off at the side of the historic River Walbrook, in London. The estimated age of the human remains and the way they appear to have been disposed of has led to the grim ritual theory. Most of the seven skulls found so far are heads of executed criminals and rebels.
Border collies Ace and Holly were caught on camera performing a balancing act. Using a human as their base, pooches Ace and Holly stood up high on their hind legs, with their front paws up. Their owner and trainer, Dai Aoki, runs the Waterloo, Australia-based company Positive Dog Care.
Furniture dating back to 1820 was moved from the library at Ickworth House. Move was designed to encourage visitors to 'dwell and take in the atmosphere' But it provoked fury from heritage expects who branded the move'misguided' It has emerged that similar experiments will take place at nine other venues.
There are thought to be less than 1 million hedgehogs living in this country. An estimated 30 per cent drop since 2013. Part of reason is the widespread loss of the traditional hedgerows. The loss of bushes and hedges in back gardens is also thought to have played a role in the animal’s demise.
Leah O'Brien was killed when the car she was driving to chaperone the school prom was hit by a vehicle. Driving the Dodge Charger that killed the beloved teacher was Ramiro Pedemonte, 19, who is now facing multiple charges. O'Brien's fiancé, Alton Hines, recently spoke out about the night he found out O'Brien had been killed. Hines was going to escort O'Brien to the Lakeside High School prom.
Cody Knecht, of St. Tammany Fire District in Louisiana, was sent out to rescue the baby mallards after residents reported seeing them fall down the drain. In the minute-long video the firefighter is seen holding a pole with his phone attached to it into the waterway as the realistic duck noise brings them to within his grasp and eventual safety.
University of Waterloo astrophysicists have created a 3D master map of the universe spanning nearly two billion light years. Spherical map of galaxy superclusters is the most complete picture of our cosmic neighbourhood to date.
Physicists at the University of Oregon used basic physics to model the force and torque required to place a pukao on a Moai’s head. They concluded that the oblong shape of the pukao means that it would have required relatively little energy to roll them up a ramp. Some 1,000 carved Moai line the perimeter of the 12 mile (25km) volcanic island, which is the most isolated inhabited landmass on Earth.
Brenda Finn, 30, was diagnosed with alopecia universalis at the age of 14. She lost all her body hair and fingernails and was left depressed and reclusive. Was bullied at school for wearing a wig, which made her self-conscious. Was offered a £300 procedure to tattoo eyebrows on to her face. Says having the tattoo has given her the confidence to face the world again. She is now calling for medical tattooing to be made available on the NHS. Says it could have saved her years of emotional pain and anxiety.
Fast food giant Chipotle is making a fresh start and stepping away from using GMOs (genetically modified organisms) as ingredients. Chipotle co-CEO Steve Ells has said 'It's relatively easy for us to have all non-GMO ingredients' Rice, meat marinades, chips, salsa, and tortillas will not be made with GMOs. Ells said in the interview that the company has 68 total ingredients and another company's burrito features upwards of 80.
Selina Dicker, 38, escaped the wall of snow and rocks as it tore through the Everest base camp on Saturday morning. She was at the same camp on April 18 last year when an avalanche killed 16 Sherpas who were climbing ahead of her group. The tragedy forced Miss Dicker, head of lending for finance company Europa Capital Mezzanine, to abandon her first attempt on the summit. She described the ordeal in a satellite phone call to her mother Gail Dicker at her home in Ranworth, Norfolk.
Lib Dem Stephen Gilbert bitten by a dog while campaigning for re-election. He joked that the dog had 'unresolved anger issues' after posting photo. Mr Gilbert is defending a majority of just 1,312 in St Austell and Newquay. Lib Dems admit they are fighting 'tooth and nail' in fewer than a tenth of seats.
Madelyn Yensen, 94, of Salt Lake City, died just after 4pm before her husband passed away at 9.30pm on April 7. Marcus Yensen, 95, died shortly after his wife at a care center. The couple met in 1940 when he took a dance lesson from her at a local studio.
Elle, 51, uses urine test to check she's in an alkaline state. Believes most ailments come from an acidic body. Has been labeled 'The Body' since the 1980s.
Jemma Gawned appeared on Australia's first series of Big Brother in 2001. The 40-year-old now runs a wildly successful raw food empire called Naked Treaties. Based in Byron Bay the Naked Treaties brand sells products out of its juice bar while supplying to hundreds of other stores. The entrepreneur also opened up about her time on the show, how she was portrayed, and the lack of support for contestants once they leave.
Myuran Sukumaran has pledged to stare down the firing squad who will drag him to a jungle clearing and kill him. That's according to close supporter and artist Ben Quilty. He has taken to the airwaves in a desperate final bid to stop Sukumaran and fellow Australian inmate Andrew Chan's execution. As a'realistic' Mr Quilty pledged to fight the death penalty 'with everything I have for the rest of my life' The Australians will be executed just after the stroke of midnight local time on Wednesday (3am AEST)
Supreme Court Justice Ruth Bader Ginsburg, 82, will be part of a decision which begins hearing arguments tomorrow on whether states can ban same-sex unions and refuse to recognize those made in other states. Ginsburg has been unusually open about her opinions - cutting against a long-held tradition of not speaking out in advance of the cases. She has referred to the American public becoming more accepting of gay rights in general - and has even officiated at same-sex ceremonies.
David Curry was asked to leave Wetherspoon pub because of his tracksuit bottoms. The 49-year-old had travelled ten miles to visit The Wallow in Blyth, Northumberland. He was told he could not stay in the pub because he was wearing Adidas trousers. The pub chain has apologised but said a no-tracksuit policy was in place.
Sierra Pippen, 20, is charged with public urination and public intoxication. She was arrested on April 10 for public intoxication after getting into a fight with the hotel's security. Pippen is one of her father's six children.
Greystone Park Psychiatric Center, in New Jersey, was once the largest building in the US, but was surpassed by the Pentagon. Asylum opened in 1876 and became known for its reputation due to the number of patients that committed suicide, were raped, and became pregnant. It closed for good in 2003 and has long been left abandoned, but preservationists are fighting to save it. Demolition work on the French Renaissance-style building has just begun and campaigners want it turned into a museum.
Waze, which Google acquired in 2013, has 50million users in 200 countries. App allows users to tag the locations of parked police vehicles, accidents, congestion, traffic cameras, potholes and more. Ismaaiyl Brinsley, 28, killed police officer Wenjian Liu and his partner Rafael Ramos in December while they sat in their squad car.
Ancient civilisations such as the Romans, Greeks and Egyptians have had to deal with rowdy, drunken behaviour in public for thousands of years. Now one academic suggests modern authorities should take a lead from their forebears as they attempt to mitigate the impact of our boozy culture.
Sharon Smith, 43, from Halesowen, West Midlands, weighed almost 20st. At her heaviest she was a size 26 and commuted to London for her job. She feared she would crush a woman in the seat next to her on a plane. Joined a slimming club but then took up running to lose weight. Now weighs 9st 9lbs and is a size 10.
Retired general Sir Frank Kitson is being sued over a murder in Northern Ireland. He is accused in the case of Patrick Eugene Heenan, a Catholic killed by loyalists in 1973. It is the first time a retired senior officer has been personally sued over the Troubles. Sir Frank said he was confused as to why he was being named because he was not even serving in Northern Ireland at the time.
J.M. Giordano, a photographer for Baltimore's City Paper, says he was'swarmed over' by police Saturday night. Giordano and a protester were standing next to each other when the police line suddenly marched forward and the two men didn't move out of the way quickly enough. About five or six police officers hit Giordano and the other protester with their shields, he says. Giordano sustained minor injuries to his arm but says police will not keep him out of work.
Researchers from National Chung Hsing University in Taiwan studied the expression of a class of genes known to be associated with petal development. They found that in mature orchid flowers, the expression pattern suggests two protein complexes, called the 'L' complex and the 'SP' complex, compete to promote the formation of the lip and standard petals. The experts were also able to convert lips into petals in two orchid species by reducing the activity of the L complex using gene silencing. Lips attract insect pollinators and serve as a landing platform for them, which is thought to have given orchids an evolutionary advantage over other flowers, by promoting reproduction
By 2030 up to 170 million hectares (420 million acres) of forest could be lost in just 11 hotspots, including the Amazon and eastern Australia, conservationists have warned. The huge amount of global deforestation is expected to occur in less than a dozen global hostpots, based on current trends. Research by wildlife charity the WWF identified 11 'deforestation fronts' where 80 per cent of projected global forest losses by 2030 could occur. The areas are the Amazon, the Atlantic Forest and Gran Chaco, and the Cerrado in South America, the Choco-Darien in Central America, the Congo Basin,
Poppy Smart said she was regularly wolf-whistled at on her way to work. The 23-year-old marketing co-ordinator said whistles turned into daily ritual. She also complained to the police and a construction firm about the men. Wolf-whistling is not a specific offence but could be a breach of the peace.
Nicola Bonn, 34, from London, started a blog called Upfront Mama. She details the trials and tribulations of raising her little girl Poppy, 14 months. Many of her posts have gone viral.
Undersheriff Tim Albin, of the Tulsa County Sheriff's Office, quit his job Monday after new revelations about how the department treated Robert Bates. Bates, 73, accidentally shot dead Eric Harris, 44, after he was tackled to the ground. Albin was named in a 2009 internal investigation that showed deputies had expressed concerns about Bates' performance. Some claimed Albin gave Bates preferential treatment and intimidated those who raised concerns.
The 511 elephant tusks, worth $6million (£4m), were bound for Laos. The bust came after customs officials received a tip-off in Laos and Thailand. Thailand is one of the top destinations for African ivory smuggling in Asia.
Jeremy Clarkson and Top Gear colleagues were about to sign new three-year deal. James May revealed he had ordered a rare £200,000 Ferrari 458 Speciale. He said the 'draft version' of the lucrative contract was sitting on his desk. But after Clarkson punched Oisin Tymon in a rage, offer was taken away.
The Castle star, 37, married longtime boyfriend Kris Brkljac, who she is hardly ever seen with in public. The walk down the aisle took place on the same weekend as the Castle star's 37th birthday.
Rifaat al-Assad, 77, is the uncle of current Syrian president Bashar. He went into exile in 1984 after staging failed coup against brother Hafez. Mr al-Assad has since lived in Paris, London and Marbella, Spain. He is now facing a year-long probe into his finances in France. Activists claim he stole money from Syrian regime while in power.
Yves Van De Ven, 37, wanted to make fun of tourist clichés. He posted a picture online of him'missing' the top of the Eiffel Tower. Photo was uploaded to photosharing site 4chan and went viral. Over 100 photoshopped images have since been posted online.
Victoria, 41, wore Alaa boots, which retail at approximately £1,500. Accessorised with skinny jeans, leather jacket and 'Team Romeo' T-shirt.
Dr Ellen Gallant was on Everest when the earthquake struck on Saturday. The tremors sparked an avalanche that killed 18 people including four Americans. The doctor rushed to help the injured and rushed to help a 25-year-old Sherpa. She said there was nothing they could do to save the young man's life. Up to 100 US citizens are still missing following the disaster.
Home Office was warned that Lord Janner was abusing young boys two decades ago. An MP passed a dossier of information to the department in the hope it would kick-start a fresh police investigation. But instead the paperwork was shelved by officials until it was discovered in 2013 and belatedly passed to Leicestershire Police. Revelation will heighten fears that the peer, now 86, was the beneficiary of an Establishment cover-up.
A Harvard-led study has mapped orally taste buds on a tongue for the first time. Scientists examined the different cells used to identify taste and watched these cells capture and process molecules live. The researchers used a specially designed microscope system to image single cells on the tongue of a mouse. Shining a bright infrared laser on the mouse’s tongue caused different parts of it and ‘flavour molecules’ to fluoresce.
While the countdown is on for Andrew Chan and Myuran Sukumaran's execution, many are still holding a glimmer of hope. Over 300 people gathered at Sydney Harbour for a candlelight vigil in front of a huge flower wall reading '#keephopealive' Brisbane, Melbourne and Perth also saw hoards of people congregate to show solidarity for the condemned duo.
Two-year-old Landen Martin ran behind the vehicle as his uncle was attempting to back out of the driveway of a Gainesville, Georgia home. Joshua Saunders, 19, was arrested on charges including DUI, reckless driving, leaving the scene of an accident and vehicular homicide.
Christi Shepherd, seven, and brother Robert, six, died in Corfu in 2006. They were overcome by carbon monoxide that leaked from a faulty boiler. Their mother, Sharon Wood, 44, sat in silence as details of their final hours were outlined at an inquest at Wakefield Coroner's Court. Their father, Neil Shepherd, and his girlfriend were also almost killed.
A man paid nearly $4000 for a written message in the sky on Monday. The message was followed by a love heart and two crosses for kisses. It hovered above the Brisbane CBD at about 1pm. The author and recipient of the message remain a mystery.
Texas A&M, Galveston, professor Irwin Horwitz emailed his strategic management class of about 30 students telling them he was going to fail all of them. In the email - he sent a similar one to administrators - he claimed students cheated in class and participated in 'inappropriate conduct' The university has said that the failing grades Horwitz's wishes to give out will not hold.
'Insta-fame' is the latest criterion for models wanting to book jobs. Australian modelling agencies are adding 'influencers' and 'bloggers' to their portfolio. The average expectation of clients is between 10,000 and 300,000 followers.
Derek Murray, a University of Alberta law student, found the stranger's extension cord and battery charger when he returned to his car. Murray says 'It just shows you how such a pure act of kindness from one person can just spread through everyone and help make everyone’s day a little brighter'
Virginia Trimble Ritter's daughter, Marcia, was raped and choked to death by Jerome Sydney Barrett in 1975. Marcia's body was found 33 days after she disappeared and Ritter's then-husband advised her against seeing the body and the crime scene photos. Charlie, who died in 1989, wanted their last memory to be of her running in and out of the house, 'the real Marcia'
Lu Xincai takes his 84-year-old mother to work on the back of his motorbike. He says he is scared she will get lost if he leaves her at home alone.
Marie Teresa Ratcliffe refused to defend herself against 77 misconduct charges. She worked at the scandal-hit Furness General Hospital in Cumbria. Alleged she 'contributed to the death' of two babies between 2004 and 2008. Also alleged she failed to adequately monitor patients, record key observations in patient notes or request assistance from doctors. In a letter to the Nursing and Midwifery Council, Ms Ratcliffe said she will'regret what happened for the rest of my life'
Leo Greene, 39, of Salt Lake City has been arrested after crashing through two fences and sprinting from police onto a runway. The events unfolded during a routine traffic stop after airport police tried to stop the car with its bumper dragging. He now faces multiple charges including driving under the influence, fleeing and resisting arrest.
Jef Rouner said his daughter was forced to cover up with jeans and a t-shirt when she was told her spaghetti straps were 'against the rules'
SNP leader insists she would call the shots in the event of a hung parliament. She vows to use the influence of dozens of MPs to get her way. Support for the SNP has soared since the independence referendum.
Michael Churton from New York, was with four colleagues at the base camp, 17,500ft above sea level, when he was knocked down by the tsunami of snow. The 38-year-old believes that the force of the earthquake shook loose a big ice shelf, which careered down the mountainside towards him and a group of people he was with. He eventually made his way down from the mountain and was greeted by fellow survivors at a domestic airport in Kathmandu. At least 17 people who were on Mount Everest at the time have died while others are still unaccounted for.
Keri Davies said having a divan to hand is vital for realistic sex scenes. Veteran scriptwriter added that parties in the fictional Ambridge are limited to nine attendees because of budgetary considerations.
Taya Kyle has given an interview to ABC's Robin Roberts for a special edition of 20/20 which will air on Friday, May 1. It will be the first in-depth interview that Kyle has given since former Marine Eddie Ray Routh was found guilty of capital murder on February 24. He was automatically handed a life sentence without the possibility of parole.
Ronald Jebson was responsible for the 'Babes in the Woods' murders in 1970. He died of kidney failure almost a fortnight ago and victims' families only found out after journalists told them 11 days after he died. Jebson's final wish was for his death to be secret and victims' families only found out after journalists told them 11 days after he died.
Tony Toutouni, 42, is threatening to take the crown from his friend and fellow super-rich playboy Dan Bilzerian. Toutouni, who goes by the name @lunatic-living on the site, says: 'I don't want to compete with Dan but people are saying that I've grown dramatically and extremely fast'
Andrew Silicani, 23, of Cheyenne, Wyoming, pleaded guilty on Monday to trying — from behind bars — to hire a hit man to kill his mother and stepfather. He faces up to 40 years at sentencing this summer. A confidential source contacted prison staff in November and reported that Silicani had asked if the source would be willing to kill his mother and stepfather. Investigators had the source direct Silicani to correspond with an FBI agent posing as a hit man.
U.S. Secretary of State John Kerry and Iranian Foreign Minister Mohammad Javad Zarif met Monday for the first time since world powers and Iran sealed a framework agreement on April 2. They now have little more than two months to meet their own deadline of June 30 to sign a comprehensive accord. All the activity was taking place as the Senate begins debate over empowering Congress to review and possibly reject any nuclear pact.
Having Confederate ancestry is a point of pride that's celebrated in high style at the annual 'Festa dos Confederados,' or Confederates Party' in Portuguese. Thousands turn out every year, including many who trace their ancestry back to the dozens of families who, enticed by the Brazilian government's offers of land grants, settled here from 1865 to around 1875.
DVLA is scrapping paper counterpart that accompanies UK plastic photocard licences. Information about penalty points for traffic violations will be held on database. Motoring groups fear switch to fully online system will make it more difficult for car hire firms which want to check a motorist’s details. From June 8, holidaymakers heading abroad will have to log on to DVLA website day before to obtain special code to give to car hire company.
Chandni Nigam, 19, spent six years battling demons which spawned from an obsession to do well at school, an inquest into her death was told. She would stay up late studying, resulting in sleep deprivation and a negative impact on her performance at school. Berkshire coroner Peter Bedford heard the teenager was also worried about her appearance. Tragically, she had first told her parents she was feeling suicidal in 2013 and had even said she would stand in front of a fast train on a Tuesday to take her life.
Guo Kai and girlfriend Dong Hui, who turned 22 on Monday, had been planning to get married this month in Sichuan in southwest China. Dong was suddenly diagnosed with serious bone cancer and admitted to hospital, meaning a formal ceremony had to be postponed. Instead, family and friends helped Dong put on a beautiful wedding dress so that a team of professional photographers could take pictures.
Miriam Gonzlez Durntez wore bright pink, long-sleeved dress covered in blooms. Yellow and pink corsage pinned to her shoulder at event in London tonight. Outfit was accompanied by £560 pair of Gianvito Rossi Perspex-panelled metallic patent-leather pumps.
Mark Lowe, 32, from Skelmersdale, Lancashire, is currently serving a five-year sentence for beating and kicking his brother Wayne to death. Mark's wife Sarah is now looking after three young children alone and said: '[Mark] will regret what he did for the rest of his life, because he loved his brother'
Spotify analysed data and found average age of midlife crises at 42. Users aged around 42 drop usual playlists in favour of Rihanna and Sam Smith. Firm says taste in music diverges sharply from mainstream up to age 25.
Kim Davies bought Llanwenarth House in the Brecon Beacons in 2008. It was where Cecil Frances Alexander wrote All Things Bright and Beautiful. But he then made dozens of illegal alterations, including chandeliers. He also installed a whirlpool bath with shiny mosaic tiles and spotlights. Davies, 60, has now admitted breaking planning laws at the house.
Last month, Nasa captured a 17 miles (27km) long iceberg being born in the West Antarctica's Getz Ice Shelf. Measuring 17 miles (27km) long, iceberg B-34 appears to have fractured and moved out into the Amundsen Sea. Glaciers in the Amundsen Sea of west Antarctica are losing ice faster than anywhere else on the continent.
Sean Jefferson, 45, and Elizabeth Jowitt, 37, admitted handling stolen goods. Couple covered their home in York with wreaths, lanterns and homemade gifts. Some of the items were from graves of babies and grandmothers fighting cancer. Victims' relatives reported the couple after finding items missing from graves. Jefferson and Jowitt escaped jail but given 47-week curfew and ban from cemeteries.
Former Adelaide doctor Tareq Kamleh is still allowed to practice medicine in Australia. He appeared in the latest ISIS propaganda video at the weekend. Calling himself 'Abu Yusuf', Kamleh urged people to join ISIS. The Medical Board of Australia has refused to deregister him. He left Australia on a flight to Kuala Lumpur last month.
Lynn and husband Liam tried for a baby for three years. She didn't want to take any risks so stopped taking pain relief. She also has scoliosis (curvature of the spine) due to her disabilities.
Royal Baby Gaga ice cream is the brainchild of breastfeeding campaigner Victoria Hiley. The 30-year-old mother from Leeds has collaborated with London-based ice-creamery The Licktators to launch the dessert.
Queen Letizia comforted the families of some of the victims of the crash. She was joined by her husband King Felipe at a memorial service in Barcelona. Germanwings Flight 9525 crashed into the French Alps last month. The plane had 144 passengers and six crew on board, including 50 Spaniards.
Joshua Sweet, 20, broke into the victim's home and took items. He then broke down her duvet and sexually assaulted her as she lay in bed. The 24-year-old teacher was left traumatised by the ordeal. Judge Mary Stacey admitted the victim had been'scarred psychologically' But Sweet was freed and given a three-year community order. He was also ordered to do 150 hours unpaid work and register as a sex offender.
Ian Rogers, 36, became hooked on all things paranormal as a child. He took part in his first ghost hunt in the year 2000. Since then he has spent hundreds of pounds on his collection.
Malaysia Airlines Flight MH17 was shot down over rebel-held territory. All 298 aboard were killed, but German government failed to pass on warning. Diplomatic cables warned of heightened risk of flying over Ukraine.
Dan Fredinburg was one of three Americans killed when the massive earthquake struck Nepal on Saturday. The 33-year-old was with three colleagues and had been navigating the area for Google Maps. He was given the letters by his girlfriend Ashley Arenson just before he set off on the expedition. Friends have since uploaded a CrowdRise page in Fredinburg's memory, with all the funds going to relief efforts.
The New England Patriots' coach was caught on camera ogling model Chrissy Teigen's derriere at the White House Correspondents' Dinner on Saturday. His longtime girlfriend Linda Holliday wondered, 'who didn't check her out in this photo?'
The single mother, who reportedly works at Philadelphia International Airport, is facing four counts of endangering the welfare of a child. Firefighters rescued the woman's three daughters and a son, ages 9 to 13, at around 1.30pm Sunday. One of the children used an emergency-only cellphone to call 911.
Shares in Barrett Developments dropped from more than £5.42 each to under £5.32 within two hours of the FTSE opening. Shares in Taylor Wimpey fell sharply from £1.70 to under £1.66 this morning.
Aiken lost his congressional bid in November by 18 points to Republican Renee Ellmers. The openly gay Aiken told shock-jock radio host Howard Stern that Ellmers is a 'b**ch' and an 'idiot' The 36-year-old American Idol runner-up is already planning the third act in his Esquire Network reality show, 'The Runner-Up' 'Within the next decade I will [run again],' he said.
The Nanoheat Wireless Heated Mug can maintain the temperature at around 71C (160F) for up to 45 minutes. It weighs a little over one pound (454g) and can be used up to seven times before it needs to be recharged. A built-in timer automatically turns off the mug if its not used for 30 minutes, to conserve energy.
David Cameron said he supports peoples' right to choose treatment options. But he also ensured he praised the NHS, which he described as'superb' Royal couple's first child, Prince George, was born at Lindo Wing in 2013. Baby is already believed to be late and will officially be overdue by May 1.
USC senior and former Gamma Phi Beta president Alicia Jewell enlisted the sorority's alumni to raise money for housekeeper Fannie Randle. Ms Randle had been saving for a new car because hers was old and held together with duct tape.
South West Trains was forced to cancel all of its trains this afternoon. Commuters packed the concourse as services in and out of station were delayed. Part of the track between Surbiton and Wimbledon was closed following incident. Staff were working 'flat out' to recover the service but delays were expected.
Dana Vulin was set alight at her Perth home in February 2012. She suffered third degree burns to more than 60 per cent of her body. Doctors have reconstructed the 29-year-old's scorched skin over countless operations during the past three years. Lawyers for Natalie Dimitrovska will on Tuesday argue her 17-year jail sentence was too severe.
The 43-year-old wore a knee-length purple dress for the event. She placed a wreath at a memorial in Copenhagen. Mary's attendance at the ceremony came days after she spoke of the grief she endured after losing her mother, Henrietta Donaldson, at 25.
Experts predict that the economy will have grown by 0.5% in the first three months of the year, down from 0.9% in the same period in 2014. Factory output slowed to its weakest level in more than two years in the three months to April, held back by sluggish export orders. Tories step up warnings about the risk to the economy, warning Britain is'staring down the barrel' of higher taxes and regulations.
cheetahs surrounded tortoise and attempted to scare it out of its shell. reptile kept well tucked up inside its tough exterior forcing the big cats to wander off in search of another snack. The scene was captured by John Mullineux, a chemical engineer from Secunda, South Africa.
An estimated 26,000 people in the UK have HIV but are unaware of it. BioSure HIV Self Test enables people to test themselves when and where they like. The testing kit uses a small amount of blood from a finger-prick sample.
Currently mobile phone companies charge customers up to 20p a minute to dial what are free numbers from a landline phone. Millions of people dialling what should be free services run by the NHS, the government and company call centres end up paying hefty charges. Charges will end from July 1 under proposals published by the telecoms watchdog, Ofcom, today.
Andrew Chan and Myruan Sukumaran will be executed at 3am on Tuesday. They will be led from their cells in Batu prison on Nusakambangan Island. They will be given white clothing to wear and a choice whether to be blindfolded. They will then face 12 marksmen, with only three of them holding loaded guns. The pair will be shot in the heart before being tied to a 3m high pole or worse still. Millions of viewers watched the chilling reenactment of the execution played out on national TV.
Greg Hardy was forced to abandon his Bentley when it got stuck in flash floods in Dallas this week. The 25-year-old was driving through the floods when he was forced to abandon the luxury car. It took officials and a tow truck several hours to pull the Bentley free from flood waters. This comes just days after Hardy was suspended by the NFL for 10 games following an incident of domestic abuse. Hardy was convicted by a judge last July of beating, strangling and threatening to kill his ex-girlfriend, Nicki Holder.
Results far surpassed most analysts' expectations for the first three months of the year, when sales traditionally fall from their holiday-season peak. Apple sold more than 61 million iPhones in the quarter. accounted for more than two-thirds of its $58 billion in revenue for the quarter and the lion's share of its $13.6 billion in profit.
Angus Hawley, ex-husband of Antonia Kidman, died of a suspected heart attack in New York on Saturday. The 46-year-old is believed to have suffered a heart attack after returning from a swim. His brother David told Daily Mail Australia he doesn't 'understand' the death of his 'fit and healthy' brother. Mr Hawley was a father to four children with Antonia before their 2007 divorce.