the formal accession was marked by a ceremony at The Hague, in the Netherlands. the ICC opened a preliminary examination into the situation in the occupied territories. as members of the court, Palestinians may be subject to counter-charges.
a stray pooch has used up at least three of her own after being hit by a car and buried in a field. the dog managed to stagger to a nearby farm, dirt-covered and emaciated, where she was found. she suffered a dislocated jaw, leg injuries and a caved-in sinus cavity.
mohammad Javad Zarif arrived in Iran on a sunny friday morning. he has gone a long way to bring Iran in from the cold and allow it to rejoin the international community.
five americans were monitored for three weeks after being exposed to Ebola. one of the five has been discharged but hasn't left the area. they were exposed to the virus in Sierra Leone in march.
a student has admitted to hanging a rope noose from a tree near a student union. the student was identified during an investigation by campus police and the office of student affairs. officials are still trying to determine if other people were involved.
"that's the kind of person Trey is," a teacher at eastern high school says. "you just feel numb to those moments raising a special needs child," Ellie's mom says.
the number of executions worldwide has gone down by almost 22% on the previous year. at least 607 people were executed around the world in 2014, compared to 778 in 2013.
the coroner's preliminary assessment is there was no foul play involved in the death. there is no criminal investigation underway, the coroner's office says.
tropical storm maysak is now a tropical storm. it's expected to make landfall Sunday morning on the southeastern coast of Isabela province.
for the first time in eight years, a TV legend returns to doing what he does best. Bob Barker hosted "the price is right" for 35 years before stepping down in 2007.
a 19-year-old man is charged with terror offenses. he's accused of engaging in conduct in preparation of acts of terrorism. he's also charged with engaging in conduct with the intention of assisting others.
actor Paul Walker died in a car crash in 2013 at the age of 40. he was on break from filming "Furious 7" at the time of the accident. there have been multiple tributes to the late actor.
researchers re-examined archives of the red cross, the international training service and the Bergen-Belsen Memorial. they concluded that Anne and her older sister probably did not survive to March 1945.
john avlon: a year ago, a Bloomberg story said that a year ago, a conservative gov. Mike pence mulled his 2016 run. avlon: pence is drawing huge heat for signing a religious freedom law that opens the door to discrimination.
the late Whitney Houston set the modern standard for the national anthem at Super Bowl XXV. there's nothing quite like getting the presidential thumbs down.
the company is emerging as a bellwether for shifting public opinion on hot-button political issues. some prominent Republicans are urging the party to take notice.
amnesty international releases its annual review of the death penalty worldwide. many governments are resorting to more executions in a knee-jerk reaction to terrorism. a sharp spike in death sentences recorded in 2014 -- up more than 500 on the previous year.
prosecutor: "so far no videos were used in the crash investigation" two magazines claim to have found a cell phone video of the final seconds. "one can hear cries of 'My God' in several languages," one magazine says.
"he was a great Dad and a great man of God," his daughter-in-law says. he was diagnosed with esophageal cancer in august 2013.
former congresswoman compares president Obama to co-pilot of germanwings flight. "with his Iran deal, Barack Obama is for the 300 million souls of the united states," she writes.
louis Jordan, 37, had been drifting on a sailboat for more than two months. just a few days into his trip, a storm capsized his boat and broke his mast. "he looked good. Hadn't lost too much weight," his father says.
the u.s. and its negotiating partners reached a very strong framework agreement with Iran. aaron miller: the debate that has already begun since the announcement of the new framework will likely result in more heat than light.
the historic drought in the most populous state is hurting the rest of the union. it's a slow expanding natural disaster now in its fourth year.
a woman is charged with trying to travel overseas to fight for ISIS. she's one of three women arrested this week on terror charges.
a plan to allow "women and families" to enter sports stadiums will come into effect in the next year. it's not clear exactly which games women will be able to attend. officials imposed the ban on women attending men's sports events after the 1979 revolution.
the lack of access to traditional print and broadcast media is driving disaffected voices online. but it still brings resistance, some of it legal, some of it deadly.
singer Avril Lavigne says she was bedridden for five months after contracting Lyme disease. "i felt like I couldn't breathe, I couldn't talk, and I couldn't move," she tells People magazine. "the get-well messages and videos they sent touched me so deeply," she says.
a trip to a former heavyweight champ's gaudy, abandoned mansion. a tearful reaction by one of his former students.
"standing firm, ratcheting up the pressure until you get a better deal," he says. he says he sees better options than "this bad deal or war"
"if a gay couple was to come and they wanted us to bring pizzas to their wedding, we'd have to say no," owner says. "dear #MemoriesPizza. No. my boycotting your business because i don't like your religious bigotry is not a violation of your freedom to practice your religion"
authorities in the western state of Maharashtra have asked residents to take a'mugshot' of their cattle. residents have to give information about their animal's 'unique features' such as the coloring and age of the cow.
in real life, it's hard to swallow the idea of a single person being stranded at sea for days, weeks, if not months. much rarer are cases in which individuals become lost at sea long enough to run out of food and drinking water.
the world's biggest and most powerful physics experiment is taking place as you read this. the large hadron collider (LHC) is ready for action following a two-year shutdown. the project is to recreate the conditions that existed moments after the "Big Bang"
two agents were injured in a crash and the suspect was shot. he is suspected of involvement in 32 commercial robberies dating to 2013.
the total lunar eclipse will last four minutes and 43 seconds. it's the shortest one of the century.
al-Shabaab claims an attack on a college in eastern Kenya. the attack is another step in the ongoing escalation of the terrorist group's activities.
Easter is a cornerstone event in the Christian faith. it celebrates the completion of Christ's mission of salvation in the Crucifixion and Resurrection. like Christmas, it doesn't fall on the same day every year but shifts around in spring.
the NCAA is taking a very different position in response to a lawsuit filed by former athletes. the lawsuit claimed the students didn't get an education because they were caught up in a fraud scandal. "it's nonsense. it's double talk," a former athletic-academic director says.
a judge denied a motion to let the teen go home. the 17-year-old is in remission after nearly six months of forced chemo treatments.
mark Ronson's "Uptown Funk!" is the longest-leading single of the 2010s. it's also the 10th single in the chart's entire history to spend at least 13 weeks at No. 1. newcomer Natalie la Rose reaches the top 10 with her debut hit "Somebody"
the chilly continent recorded the temperature (15.5 degrees Celsius) on March 24. the temperature was recorded at Argentina's Esperanza Base on the northern tip of the Antarctica peninsula.
indiana's new religious freedom law faces a firestorm from critics. so far, 20 states have some version of the law, and the legal controversies have grown.
"he was not restrained at the time of the crash," spokesman says. burns was part of the genre-defining band's original lineup.
the man accused of stabbing u.s. ambassador mark lippert is now charged with attempted murder. he is also charged with assaulting a foreign envoy and business obstruction. according to south Korean law, his trial must begin within 14 days of receiving today's indictment.
a former banker, 29-year-old Briton, was charged with two counts of murder. he allegedly lived at the murder scene, an upmarket apartment in the middle of Wan Chai.
Thai Airways unveiled colorful new livery featuring Jake, Finn and the beloved Princess Bubblegum. the plane is the result of a partnership between Thai Airways and Cartoon Network Amazone.
the prisoner formerly known as Bradley Manning is serving a 35-year prison sentence. she will be using a voice phone to dictate her tweets to a communications firm.
john avlon: reaching a nuclear deal with Iran is a worthy, desirable goal. but the process has unfolded under the influence of political considerations, he says. avlon: few people truly believe he has a credible Plan B.
"Furious 7" is getting the widest release in Universal's history. "furious 7" earned a record-breaking $60 million internationally on wednesday and tuesday.
"you're a Huxtable with a million $ trust fund. Stop the hood stuff!" he tweeted. junior is a wide receiver at southern Methodist university.
john avlon: rolling stone article about a gang rape at the university of virginia was flawed. avlon: can UVA, Phi Kappa Psi or other fraternities sue for defamation?
Shibuya ward passed ordinance paving the way for "partnership certificates" for same-sex couples. certificates will not be issued until later in the summer and are not legally binding. proponents of marriage equality in socially conservative Japan say the move is a step in the right direction.
blue bell ice cream temporarily shuts down one of its manufacturing plants. listeria contamination found in a serving of blue bell ice cream originating from the plant. the company is looking for a possible cause of contamination.
flamboyant former wrestler-turned-lawmaker Antonio Inoki has appeared in the u.s.-based WWE. inoki is universally known in japan for his colossal chin and once-ever-present face. he has tried to replicate former NBA star Dennis rodman's "basketball diplomacy"
fighting has killed hundreds of people in less than two weeks. the international committee of the red cross has cried out for a humanitarian ceasefire.
"twin peaks" director David Lynch has confirmed he will no longer direct the show. the cult 1990s tv show was set to return in 2016.
a hot mic picked up Kentucky guard Andrew Harrison saying, "F**k that (N-word)" Kaminsky, the 2015 Associated Press player of the year, said he was "over it"
the FBI has confirmed that one of its most wanted terrorists, the Malaysian bomb maker, was killed in an otherwise disastrous raid in the Philippines in January. the bomb maker, whose real name is Zulkifli bin Hir, was believed by the FBI to a member of southeast Asian terror group jemaah Islamiyah's central command.
a family of four fell ill last week at a luxury villa in the u.s. virgin islands. methyl bromide was found in the villa where the family stayed. the pesticide is not allowed to be used indoors.
"Stopped by the cops again wish me luck," he tweets. "my heart legit dropped, no kidding," one twitter fan says. "i sold my $90,000.00 Mercedes G500 and bought 3 Prius's," actor Isaiah Washington tweets.
six people hurt after explosion at controversial chemical plant in china sparked a huge fire. blast occurred at an oil storage facility after an oil leak. five out of six people were injured by broken glass and have been sent to the hospital for treatment.
a 15-count indictment filed in federal court in california is serious indeed. a courier service like FedEx is accused of conspiracies, transporting prescription drugs.
mark Wahlberg will star in a film about the Boston marathon bombing and the manhunt that followed. Wahlberg is also a producer of the film.
a contestant on "the price is right" accidentally revealed the correct answer. "congratulations! Manuela just gave you a car!" he exulted.
Carlos Colina, 32, is charged with assault and battery causing serious bodily injury. "this was a gruesome discovery," the district attorney's office says.
"Arrested Development" executive producer Brian Grazer said the show will return for a fifth season. the series never had big ratings, but has a devoted fan base.
the "end of an era" for "Mad Men" begins sunday. the show has become part of the national fabric, if never a huge ratings hit.
"Vampire Diaries" star Nina Dobrev is leaving the show at the end of this season. fans were upset that the show could go on to a seventh season after she leaves.
a minister spotted a security camera overlooking the changing room of a FabIndia store. four employees of the store have been arrested, but its manager is still at large.
the group included four children -- the oldest being 10 or 11, with the youngest born in 2013. they were arrested at the turkey-syria border.
a nuclear submarine caught on fire at a shipyard in northwestern Russia. there is no ammunition on board.
the performer was first diagnosed with cancer in 1990. the year before he released the album that catapulted him to prominence.
prosecutors charge former security czar with accepting bribes. he is also charged with abuse of power and leaking state secrets.
in the New Testament, money gets 37 mentions, while "gold" gets 38 citations. "purse" and "denarii" -- the Roman currency -- get half a dozen mentions each.
a group of armed assailants stormed into the attorney general's office in northern Afghanistan. most staff members and civilians have been rescued. an exchange of fire between security forces and the assailants is ongoing.
john avlon: Rand Paul is trying to sell himself as a different type of republican. avlon: he's tried to brand himself as the GOP's minority outreach candidate.
french-language global television network regains control of one of its 11 channels. a cyberattack a day earlier crippled its broadcasts and social media accounts.
"for them to take a cat and ship him like he was cargo, makes me sick," Stewart says. Etihad Airways shipped more than 200 pets last year.
two of the highest-profile court trials in recent memory are coming to a close. in both cases, the jury is expected to begin a lengthy deliberation process on 30 total charges.
a fire broke out in a Kentucky industrial park early friday morning. there were no reports of anyone injured or trapped.
aides politely tried to rush Cruz from an event in Cedar Falls to one in Cedar Rapids. "can I pray with you real quick?" the senator asked a tall, burly man.
142 students, three security officers and two university security personnel were killed. the attack was the nation's deadliest since the bombing of the u.s. Embassy in 1998.
the penalty amounts to forced spending on improving pipeline safety. a section of PG&E pipeline exploded in 2010 killing eight people.
jurors found dzhokhar tsarnaev guilty of all 30 counts he faced in the marathon bombing trial. 17 of the 30 counts were capital charges, meaning he is eligible for the death penalty. jurors will be tasked with deciding whether he will be executed.
45 workers are injured in a massive oil rig fire that raged for hours off the coast of Mexico. authorities evacuated about 300 people from the Abkatun Permanente platform after the fire started.
Easter is a major point in the cycle of the religious year. it's the culmination of what is called Holy Week and its culmination on Easter Sunday.
police in Lucknow, northern india, have bought four pepper-spraying drones. the miniature aircraft will be fitted with a camera and pepper spray.
a female employee accuses a supervisor of assault after he made sexual advances at her. he "grabbed her arms when she resisted" and the two tussled until he gave up. this is just the latest chapter for an organization embroiled in scandal.
investigators are not expected to return to the crash site, a police official says. the flight data recorder, or "black box," was found Thursday by a member of the recovery team.
"rex manning day" was celebrated on April 8, 2015. "mean girls day" is officially October 3. in the 1989 film "back to the future," Marty McFly and the gang travel to October 21, 2015.
next year marks the band's 40th anniversary. the tour is being titled "Forty and F*ck It"
"Grace of Monaco" will premiere on lifetime on memorial day, may 25. the critically-panned film opened last year's Cannes Film Festival. the film was directed by Olivier Dahan and focuses on a period in the early '60s.
a tornado tore through rural iowa and touched down 70 miles outside of st. louis. one person died as a twister shredded homes and ripped trees bare of leaves and most limbs.
a bystander's cell phone video shows a white officer shooting at an unarmed black man. it's unclear what happened before he ran away, or why he ran. a witness who recorded the video says he didn't see Scott grab Slager's Taser.
the photographer had filed the civil suit against west after the hip-hop star attacked him. west pleaded no contest last year to a misdemeanor count of battery over the scuffle.
don McLean's "American Pie" is 44 years old. the song is a hybrid of modern poetry and folk ballad, beer-hall chant.
"20/20" will air an exclusive interview with the couple on friday. letourneau served more than seven years in prison on charges related to their sexual relationship.
"American Pie" has become one of the most dissected and argued-about songs in the pop music canon. the draft that was auctioned is 16 pages of manuscript and 26 lines of typed text.
vijay Chokalingam applied to medical school claiming to be african-american. he shaved his head of its naturally wavy black locks, trimmed his "long Indian-American eyelashes" he submitted his application to 14 schools under his childhood nickname "JoJo"
"Going Clear: Scientology and the Prison of Belief" is based on a book by Lawrence Wright. Travolta is one of the Church of Scientology's most high-profile members.
"when you think you're high and mighty, you don't have to answer to nobody," he says. "i've got news for you -- everybody that played a part in sending me to death row, you will answer to God," he says.
daughter: "i'm feeling much better and am leaving the hospital today" "he was struggling before, and he is a trouper," publicist says.
a giraffe at the Dallas Zoo gave birth to a baby girl in an hour-long labor. there was no immediate word on the newborn's gender or condition. the zoo tweeted: "we're so proud"
a senior administration official says a possible invasion of Mosul is not imminent. he says 25,000 troops are expected to return to the city in spring or summer.
the fifth season of "Game of Thrones" airs simultaneously in 170 countries for the first time. "we're going to start seeing some of the show's major story arcs coming together," writer says.
impromptu satirist bi Fujian was filmed cursing the late Chairman Mao Zedong. "the Communist Party, Chairman Mao. Don't mention that old son of a b***h," went his lyrics. "as a public figure, i shall learn the lesson from this incident," he posted on weibo.
"we are still here for a reason, and there's a bigger plan," a victim says. "i don't believe that there will ever be justice brought to this," a victim says.
"L.A. Law" actor richard Dysart dies at home after a long illness. he played the cranky senior partner in the slick, long-running NBC drama. Dysart was nominated for the Emmy for outstanding supporting actor in a drama series.
president Obama is giving up enormous leverage in his nuclear deal with Iran. ayatollah Khamenei gets to keep his nuclear infrastructure, in return for billions in sanctions relief.
the VII Summit of the Americas was supposed to be all about the symbolic handshake between the United States and Cuba. but insert Venezuela into the mix and Panama City, Panama, quickly turns into a "triangle of tension" for the first time since the about-face, Obama and Castro would come face-to-face.
both Martin O'Malley and Jim Webb share a stage at the Polk County Democrats Awards dinner. both are facing long odds in the 2016 presidential nomination process. "it is a marathon, not a sprint," one man told O'Malley.
"some people are saying that he is not alive," a former Taliban insider says. "the Taliban has a huge leadership problem at a critical political moment," analyst says.
a photo of a cat coming down some stairs has caught fire on social media. the picture was apparently uploaded on imgur a few days ago.
tornado sirens blare in southwestern Kansas. a tornado may have touched down in potosi, Missouri.
cnn's john sutter talks with one of the new cardinals, Cardinal Gerald Lacroix. "there is something about Francis that's reawakened my faith," he says.
prosecutors say the marriages were part of an immigration scam. barrientos has been married 10 times, nine of them between 1999 and 2002.
the shootings began with what authorities believe was a domestic kidnapping incident. a guard was shot at least once in the upper body, a fire spokesman says.
an amnesty international report examines the number of attacks on women's rights activists. the brutal murder of a young woman in Afghanistan shocked the world. for the first time in history, women in Afghanistan became pallbearers.
more than 200 students signed a petition asking the school not to show the movie. there was a backlash to the decision to yank the movie.
a special court convicted a former chairman of software services exporter Satyam Computers Services. the company was at the center of a massive $1.6 billion fraud case in 2009.
a 32-year-old man will be arraigned for murder in connection with the remains. a judge revoked bail for Carlos Colina in another case he's involved in.
the collection of the first six "Star Wars" movies will also include many special features. one focus of the features will be the sound effects of the movies.
an unarmed Iranian military observation aircraft flew within 50 yards of an armed u.s. navy helicopter. the maneuver could have triggered a serious incident, a senior u.s. military official says.
Sweden grants 480 calendar days of parental leave to mothers and fathers. 60 of the 480 days must be "daddy months" or "partner months" if they aren't used, they are lost, reducing the maximum leave to 420 days.
judge rules thatraig Hicks' case is "death penalty qualified" he turned himself in to police the night of the killings.
season 2 of "True Detective" premieres on hbo on june 21. the series stars Colin Farrell, Vince Vaughn and Rachel McAdams.
hill died early friday at age 19. she was able to realize her dream of playing college basketball. hill would go on to help raise $1.4 million for pediatric cancer research.
new: 1OAK says the stabbing occurred in front of the Fulton Houses project down the street. new: 1OAK says the incident did not originate from the club or its immediate surroundings. the suspect, who the club says never entered, is in police custody, police say.
"i've seen it before," the former governor of Maryland says. "the inevitable frontrunner was inevitable right up until she was no longer," he says.
the 40-year-old rapper shot to fame 15 years ago with the track "Country Grammar" he was charged with felony possession of drugs, simple possession of marijuana and possession of drug paraphernalia.
a pair of police officers accompany the hearse carrying the body of Walter Scott. the father of four was fatally shot in the back by a white police officer. a slow-moving procession of black cars then makes its way to Live Oak Memorial Gardens.
a 2012 small arms survey says gender-based violence is at epidemic levels in Guatemala. the country ranks third in the killings of women worldwide.
julian zelizer: if she runs, she could be unbeatable in the democratic primaries and general election. zelizer: she doesn't want to end up like vice president al gore in 2000.
"Lost River" is Ryan Gosling's first feature as director. the film is set in a decaying and decaying Detroit. without the city's crumbling edifices there would be no film.
7-Eleven is hosting the first Bring-Your-Own-Cup Slurpee Day. the promotion isn't to be confused with Free Slurpee Day.
"we regret the inconvenience Ms. Sedway experienced," airline spokeswoman says. "the situation could have been handled differently," airline says.
the university of virginia has never expelled a single student for sexual assault. a student called "Jackie" told the university about a purported gang rape in 2012.
the department of justice is negotiating with the city to restructure the police department. the department has charged it with engaging in a pattern and practice of racial discrimination.
the crash took place at the Exotic Driving Experience at Walt Disney World Speedway. the driver of the Lamborghini lost control of the vehicle and was hospitalized with minor injuries.
"with a rope, something that he has, he just jumped on me," a passenger says. the incident occurred about a half-hour before the flight landed.
a federal grand jury has charged millionaire real estate heir Robert Durst with unlawful possession of a firearm. he faces a maximum of 10 years in prison if found guilty of that charge.
world war I soldiers' writings have been found under battlefields near Naours, France. the underground city, which extends for miles in some directions, was sealed up in the 18th century. the land was privately owned for many years but changed hands in 2013.
"i knew then that we had a fight on our hands," her father says. "i heard a lot at that hearing that I've heard since childhood," he says.
this year is the 20th anniversary of the discovery of a planet around a star like our own sun. many of these planetary systems are quite unlike our own solar system.
Aaron Hernandez's defense wraps up its witnesses in less than a day. much of the evidence in the case is circumstantial. Hernandez is on trial for the shooting death of semi-pro player Odin Lloyd.
'Moving Day' is the day after the fat has been cut and the big dogs make their move up or down the leader board. a rejuvenated Tiger Woods shows touches of his old class mixed with the ragged unpredictability. a late Justin Rose surge fires four birdies in a row to finish twelve under.
a father is in stable condition and improving as his two boys remain in critical condition. the boys and their mother were having seizures when they became ill in the u.s. a pesticide may have caused the illnesses, the epa says.
a new york judge has approved service of divorce papers on a husband via facebook. john sutter: if you are going to sue someone, you should at least let them know about it.
the commissioner-general will assess the humanitarian situation in the camp. the yarmouk refugee camp has been engulfed in fighting since 2012.
in 1971, a gang broke into a bank in central london and stole £30 million. in the uk burglaries and robberies are often committed by working-class people. many neighborhood criminals commit burglaries to feed drugs habits and acquire long strings of convictions.
"not gonna lie, I shed a few tears at the end of Furious 7," one woman tweets. "the tribute to Paul Walker was very well done," another tweets.
the technology is being handled by a Nevada-based tech company. "it's not about replacing Selena in any shape, way or form," sister says.
95 of the ship's 2,117 passengers have suffered from vomiting, diarrhea. the illness has also affected five members of the 964-person crew.
the original cast of twin peaks is backing David Lynch in his salary standoff with Showtime. they have teamed up for a video backing the show's co-creator with a #SaveTwinPeaks campaign.
a judge sentenced a former TSA agent to six months in jail for secretly videotaping a female co-worker. detectives found more than 90 videos and 1,500 photos of the victim on his phone and computer.
five young Chinese feminists may face up to five years in prison over their campaign for gender equality. they were among detained on march 6 and 7 in three Chinese cities -- Beijing, Guangzhou and Hangzhou.
a section of a fiberglass boat 20 or 30 feet long was spotted off the state's coast. the debris is suspected to be from the earthquake and tsunami that hit Japan in 2011. inside were found specimens of a variety of yellowtail jack fish normally found in Japanese waters.
two students at Troy university are accused of gang raping a woman on spring break. they are charged with sexual battery by multiple perpetrators.
"Star Wars" is streaming on the device of your choice. "Dukes of Hazzard" fans mourned the loss of actor James Best. "the Vampire Diaries" star Nina Dobrev is leaving the CW series.
ISIS claims it controlled part of Iraq's largest oil refinery. by Sunday, ISIS said its fighters were inside the refinery and controlled several buildings. the refinery is just 40 kilometers from the northern city of Tikrit.
"we have really big issues with the Cubans that do need to be solved," says u.s. ambassador. u.s. officials say there will be opportunities for "interaction" between the two leaders. the first time the two leaders met was in 2013 at Nelson Mandela's funeral.
"all of a sudden we heard all this pounding underneath the plane," a passenger says. a federal air marshal sprang into action as the banging continued. "i think it's scary and really unsafe, too," another passenger says.
the girls were abducted on the night of April 14-15, 2014. they were between 16 and 18 years old. about 50 managed to escape soon after they were abducted.
a hooded angel with black wings appeared near the spot where a police officer shot and killed a black man. the winged figure has been taken up as an icon of the black lives matter movement. "art is really about that moment. I just couldn't take it any longer," creator says.
a 21-year-old quadriplegic with cerebral palsy was left in the woods of Cobbs Creek park. his mother is charged with abandoning her son and catching a bus to see her boyfriend. the man is unable to communicate how he came to be in the park.
china-born, american-based Jia Jiang launched "100 days of rejection" in 2012. he asked a Krispy Kreme manager to make him five interlinked donuts to mimic the Olympic symbol. the project started out to help "fix my own problems, and now I'm helping others fix theirs"
a brood of baby ducks causing a stir on a rainy street in Washington. a man gave up his umbrella for the cause "while the mom was going crazy"
police say mother of quadriplegic man left in woods for days cannot be extradited. Nyia parler, 41, will be charged with aggravated assault, reckless endangerment and other offenses.
a u.s. RC-135U was flying over the Baltic sea when it was intercepted by a Russian SU-27. the incident occurred in international airspace north of Poland.
the mother of a quadriplegic man cannot be extradited to face charges in Philadelphia. police say she left her 21-year-old son in the woods while she hopped a bus to see her boyfriend. a man walking through the woods found him "lying in leaves, covered in a blanket"
the law bans what it describes as "dismemberment abortion" it allows for the procedure if "necessary to protect the life or health of the mother" opponents warn it is dangerous and among the most restrictive abortion laws in the country.
"19 kids and Counting" star Jill (Duggar) Dillard gave birth to a 9-pound, 10-ounce son. the baby was a bit tardy, going past his due date by more than a week.
police say they are looking into whether the suspect is part of a white supremacist gang. the suspect, Kenneth Morgan Stancil III, has no previous criminal record, police say. the victim was a longtime employee and the school's print shop operator.
former australia captain and broadcaster richie Benaud has died at the age of 84. a veteran of 64 Test matches, he was inducted into the Sport Australia Hall of Fame in 1985. news of his passing quickly generated a wave of condolences, including from australia's pm.
paddy power tweets that "newcastle have suffered more Kop beatings over the last 20 years" the tweet alluded to recent controversial incidents in the united states in which unarmed black men have been killed by police. the tweet has since been deleted, but its removal did little to placate social media users.
the migrants were picked up 30 miles off the coast of Libya. in the first three months of 2015, it registered more than 10,000 migrants arriving.
president Barack Obama says he's "absolutely committed" to making sure Israel maintains a military advantage over Iran. comments come amid criticism from Israeli prime minister Benjamin Netanyahu of the deal with Iran.
the former Portuguese territory was once a key location for the transatlantic slave trade. it is seeking to tap-into the spoils of this rich cultural heritage in a bid to help its economy flourish. the economic potential of music has been acknowledged by the country's prime minister.
new research indicates that "Double Falsehood" was written more than a century earlier. "the match between the 'Double Falsehood' play and Shakespeare was a landslide," researcher says. only tiny traces of theobald's signature were found.
so far, the government has frozen 86 accounts, but that number could go up. the government has tracked supporters of al-shabaab since 2011.
"i'm truly disgusted and repulsed with myself," she says. "i'm horrified because of what I did," she says.
the fate of the five activists will be revealed by April 13, cnn's john defterios writes. the detentions come in a year in which Beijing would have won praise for its role in promoting women's rights.
asteroid 316201 named after education activist malala yousafzai. asteroid circles sun between Mars and Jupiter every five and half years.
emy afalava was born in American Samoa, a U.S. territory since 1900. he has been denied the right to vote because the federal government insists he is no citizen.
a total of 30 new confirmed cases of Ebola were reported in the week of April 5. in liberia and Sierra Leone, the number of cases has fallen so much, there are more treatment facilities than demand.
"the solicitation of prostitution threatens the core mission of the department," he writes. he doesn't mention specific cases of federal agents and prostitution in his memo.
bob greene: prosecutors have offered female sterilization in plea deals four times in five years. he says sterilization is linked to the "eugenics" movement, which advocates selective breeding.
david frum: the verdict isn't surprising, but there could be other young men just like him. he says nearly 1 out of 4 people in the world are Muslim; by 2050, that will be 1 out of 3. frum: understanding what leads young Muslims down a dangerous path requires understanding radicalization.
a video shows a white police officer gunning down and killing an apparently unarmed black man. lz granderson: it raises questions about how often such incidents take place without a third-party recording.
apple released a new emoji lineup that includes more diversity than ever. a range of cheers and jeers have been heard about the new emojis.
gloria borger: if she wins, she'll be the barometer for gender equality in the u.s. borger: a win would mean a woman in the white house, which is vital step in the march toward women's full political inclusion.
just in time for Easter, the peacock network debuts the "Bible" sequel. the full miniseries will run for 12 weeks, so consider it a spring revival. "American Odyssey" is back for a fifth season.
the Pentagon released a map this week showing coalition forces have taken back 25-30% of Iraqi territory seized by ISIS. the map, above, shows gains in key central and northern areas of Iraq where the terror group was previously the dominant force.
arsenal beat burnley 1-0 to keep their hopes of winning the english premier league alive. a first half goal from Aaron Ramsey secures the win for the north London club. it takes them to within four points of first placed Chelsea with two games in hand.
officer Michael Slager fired eight shots at officer as he fled encounter with police. lz granderson: if not for video, this story would be shuttered behind wall of an active investigation.
8 out of 10 american taxpayers get a refund when they file their taxes. john sutter: the once dreaded Tax Day has become a happy spending spree.
Yarmouk is a neighborhood on the outskirts of Damascus. it was set up as a refugee camp for Palestinians in the 1950s. since 2012, it has been engulfed in the civil war.
there were plenty of highlights and misfires from the 2015 MTV Movie Awards. here are the jokes, performances and moments that hit the target and the ones and missed it.
"Avengers: Age of Ultron" is set for release in january. the vision is to be played by Paul Bettany.
"the day I laid my son Odin to rest," his mother says. "odin was my first best gift I (will) ever receive," his mother says.
Aaron Hernandez could face three more trials. he is accused of killing two men and wounding another.
"orphan black" kicks off its second season on saturday. the cloning cult sci-fi series remains one of the most critically acclaimed shows on television. the introduction of a group of male clones will definitely increase the suspense.
actress alyssa Milano was on a trip with her husband that she described as a "romantic getaway" the airport asks that travelers carry only what they need for the flight.
the case of Ray Gricar has become one of the most talked about missing persons stories in the country. investigators have taken dives to the bottom of lakes and dug up a grave.
bob greene: as we mark 150th anniversary of Abraham Lincoln's death this week, let's remember him. he says Lincoln's two greatest legacies -- indivisible union and irreversible emancipation -- grew organically.
"daredevil" premiered its first season on friday. 94% of critics gave it positive reviews on Rotten Tomatoes. "the series stays incredibly faithful to Daredevil's pulp roots," says one reviewer.
the Ringling Bros. Center for Elephant Conservation is on 200 acres of land in central florida. when the center opened 20 years ago, it housed fewer than 10 elephants. "it's a family affair for our family but also for all the elephants," says owner.
two years ago, the storied marathon ended in terror and altered the lives of runners, spectators and those who tried to help. the jury will begin deliberating his punishment next week.
students stampede down the halls of the Kimberly dormitory. they believed it was a terror attack, the university says.
video shows reserve Deputy Robert Bates announcing he is going to deploy his Taser. he then shoots Eric Courtney Harris in the back with a handgun. his attorney says he believes the charge against his client is unwarranted.
Iman Hashi, 25, and her sister Siham, 27, were born in the Somali capital but were forced to flee after war broke out in 1991. along with their parents, they relocated to canada as refugees where during their teens they discovered a passion for music.
the reinforcements come four days after ISIS began attacking northern Iraq's Baiji oil refinery. the refinery is a key strategic resource because it refines much of the fuel used by Iraqis domestically.
robot stalled after moving about 10 meters inside one of the crippled reactors. robot set out to collect data on radiation levels and investigate spread of debris.
more than 500 rebels have been killed since the start of Saudi-led military operations. the nine-nation coalition has undertaken 1,200 airstrikes since they began on march 26.
tourists and locals line up around the block for several hours just to get their hands on tins of butter cookies. "little bear cookies" as they are known across Asia are sold at a 70% mark-up yards away.
a woman leaves her explosives-laden handbag near a bus filling up with passengers. the explosion kills five people and injures more than a dozen others, witnesses say. no one has claimed responsibility for the attack.
"we're in unchartered territory here," Brett McGurk tells CNN. "this is a problem that is off the charts historically," he says.
the first trailer for a documentary on the life and music of late British singer Amy Winehouse has been released. "amy: the girl behind the name" is set for UK release on July 3. winehouse struggled publicly with drugs and alcohol during a career in which she recorded two albums.
federal judge stresses importance of avoiding anything prejudicial in sentencing phase. "do not attend the Boston Marathon or any events or gatherings related to the current running of the marathon," he warns. the sentencing phase begins on a day after this year's edition of the race.
former army enlistee charged with trying to detonate car bomb at u.s. base. second man, also known as Mohammed Abdullah Hassan, allegedly knew about bomb plot.
the #FoodBankNYCChallenge is an attempt to live on a food stamp budget for one week. the challenge urges participants to use only $29 for all the food they eat for seven days.
a swarm of Asian carp attacked the team's boat in creve coeur lake. no rowers were injured, but the strong smell of fish lingered.
"a new day and a new Nigeria are upon us," Buhari says after winning presidency. he says he'll "rapidly give attention" to curbing violence in northeast part of Nigeria. he says he'll cooperate with neighboring nations to thwart criminals and others contributing to instability.
over the weekend ISIS moved into towns just to the north of Ramadi, which lies 68 miles (110km) west of Baghdad. the government feels that restricting vehicles will decrease the likelihood of explosives making their way into the capital.
amina al-qassim and her family fled Birim at first light, piling in with three other families. they took five hours to cross through the Bab al-Mandab Strait to Djibouti. "the women were violently ill," he says.
"this means the world to us," says 5-year-old daughter's mother. bill will legalize low-THC cannabis oil for certain "medication-resistant epilepsies" dubbed Haleigh's Hope Act.
photographer Carolina Sandretto focuses on "solares," crumbling buildings that many Cubans divide and cohabitate. "it ends up to be a very interesting habitat," says Sandretto, who first visited the island three years ago.
the white house says it doesn't need congressional approval for the Iran nuclear deal. but the fight for congressional approval would be politically bruising and consume a huge amount of energy.
"it was shocking," singer says. "thanking God for our safety," co-lead singer Hillary Scott says.
the bill also includes a two-year extension of a popular children's health insurance program. the issue of payments to Medicare providers has been a thorny issue for years.
"Darling Joe, Happy 70th birthday 2009" ring was engraved on rocks at fin's beach in Bali. when Roxy Walsh returned home, she was determined to reunite the ring with its owner. she created a "Find Joe and Jenny" page to track down the couple.
ansar Beit al-Maqdis, an ISIS affiliate, claimed responsibility for the attack. a third attack on a checkpoint in Rafah left three security personnel injured.
#MeForReal is an uplifting, revealing conversation about the way we present ourselves online. tag your favorite unscripted, unedited, un-perfected moments using #MeForReal.
Cynthia Lennon died at her home in Mallorca, Spain, following a short but brave battle with cancer. the two married in 1962, just as the Beatles were making their rise. "i was just instantly attracted to him," she said.
a historic handshake between president Obama and Cuban president Raul Castro is making headlines. john avlon: the u.s. has been losing ground in this increasingly important region. avlon: this meeting offers a chance for the u.s. to reverse the tide.
parents who refuse to vaccinate their children can lose up to $11,000 of welfare benefits a year. under the new "no jab, no pay" policy, the exemption as a conscientious objector will be removed.
the items are crafts and artifacts made by Japanese-Americans confined to internment camps. a grass-roots campaign of a change.org petition and a facebook page has resulted in the sale. "we hope this controversy will be the beginning of a discourse on this issue," the auction house says.
ISIS took thousands of Yazidis captive in a refugee camp in duhok, iraq. men faced a choice -- convert to Islam or be shot -- but the militants separated the young women and girls. "they said we are going to marry you off, you will forget your family," says one woman.
a judge has ordered former female companion to pay back more than $2.6 million in gifts. she claims he bought her a Ferrari, two Bentleys and a Range Rover.
the Washington Post's bureau chief in Tehran was arrested in July. he is accused of economic spying.
thabo sefolosha says police caused his season-ending leg injury. sefolosha and teammate pero antic were arrested after leaving a nightclub in new york. he suffered a fractured fibula and ligament damage.
chess grandmaster gaioz nigalidze has been banned from the Dubai open. officials found his smartphone in a bathroom stall. nigalidze's opponent grew suspicious when he kept bolting to the toilet.
al Qaeda confirms two of its leaders were killed in CIA drone strikes in January. the deaths of the two men underline the deterioration of al Qaeda's bench of leaders.
a newspaper reports that some supervisors were told to forge reserve Deputy's training records. three who refused were reassigned to less desirable duties, the newspaper reports. the sheriff's office denies the allegations.
11 channels associated with the french-language global television network went black late Wednesday. the network also temporarily lost control of its social media outlets and its websites.
"this campaign is not about Hillary Clinton and not about us," reads the memo. "we know there will be tough days, but we will bounce back and get back to work," the memo says.
a police officer and a case worker helped homeless man John Helinski. the 62-year-old's social security cards and ID were stolen. now he's set to buy his own place and collect a nice pension.
the blast happened at the spot where a county worker was operating a front loader. the explosion sparked a fire that roared like a jet engine.
dozens of foreigners, including americans, have volunteered to fight to ISIS. a spokesman for a Kurdish militia fighting against them in Syria says their forces include more than 100 american citizens. some organizations have set up recruitment drives online featuring applications for foreign fighters.
"Furious 7" hits theaters friday. there were no actors of color nominated and no women in the directing category. the lack of diversity was so glaring that it spurred the twitter hashtag "#OscarsSoWhite"
more than 130 people have been affected by a measles outbreak in the state. the outbreak began with dozens of visitors to two Disney theme parks in the state.
thousands of south africans take to the streets of the city of Durban to protest xenophobia. the marches follow recent violent attacks on foreigners in the country that have claimed five lives.
cardiologist pleads not guilty to criminal solicitation, conspiracy, burglary, arson, weapons charges. two other men -- identified as James Chmela, 43, and James Kalamaras, 41 -- plead not guilty. police officers allegedly discovered approximately 100 weapons at moschetto's home.
the resolution "raises the cost" for the Houthis, a u.n. official says. it also demands that the Shiite group pull back and refrain from more violence.
a trailer for "Batman v. Superman: Dawn of Justice" leaked online on Thursday before quickly being taken down minutes later. a YouTube user uploaded the handheld or camera phone capture of the trailer.
jurors in the first-degree murder trial of Aaron Hernandez met with reporters after the verdict. "it's the hardest thing I've ever done in my life," a woman on the jury says. a male juror says some panel members had meticulously filled four to eight notebooks.
a third person has been arrested in the case of an alleged spring break gang rape. a woman told police she may have been drugged and gang-raped on a beach. she recognized her tattoos and contacted authorities.
the remains of up to 400 unaccounted for service members will be exhumed this year. the hope is that most of the battleship's sailors and marines can be identified. the USS Oklahoma sank when it was hit by torpedoes on December 7, 1941.
thousands of Syrian and Palestinian refugees have suffered untold indignities. but the individual lives at the heart of the camp make the imperative for humanitarian action compelling. like the wider conflict, Yarmouk has a human face; the faces of young Mohammad and young Jihad.
a 15-year-old girl from Cape Town, south africa, was detained at the airport. she has been using social media platforms to interact with strange people, he says.
"i would have killed you, you know what I'm saying," he tells a judge. "i don't give a f--- what you want," he says.
"believe me," he tells NBC's "Today" show. he's accused of manslaughter in the death of a suspect.
147 people were killed when al-shabaab militants invaded a university in garissa. the attack is the deadliest in the nation since al Qaeda killed more than 200 at the u.s. embassy in 1998. one of the four gunmen who carried out the attack on the university was also a Kenyan.
a century ago, more than 1 million Armenians died at the hands of the Turks. a slew of historians and at least 20 countries call the killings a "genocide"
the Minnesota Vikings say they "look forward to Adrian rejoining the Vikings" the Vikings will hold voluntary offseason workouts beginning Monday. it is unclear whether Peterson will attend.
police say a reserve deputy thought he pulled out his Taser during an arrest. instead, he shot the suspect, who later died at a local hospital. the shooting happened after an apparent drug and gun selling operation.
authorities handled 115,000 drug-related crimes -- such as robbery -- and 606,000 cases of drug use. the amount of narcotics seized was up by 44.9%, according to the ministry.
white will wrap his touring efforts in support of "Lazeretto" with a brief, first-ever acoustic tour. rounding out the acoustic quartet will be Fats Kaplin, Lillie Mae Rische and Dominic Davis.
unicef, the united nations children's fund, is delivering vital food and supplies. more than 100,000 civilians have fled their homes since fighting began. the main terminal at El Rahaba airport is under the control of the rebels.
Tomasz lazar photographed and interviewed adults who were ripped from their homes as children in the 1940s. "the more you look at them, the more you are discovering," he said.
the lawyer for a reserve deputy who fatally shot a man released documents. they show he had one Taser training class over a six-and-a-half-year period. he also took three firearms training classes and qualified 10 times to use a handgun.
naturalized u.s. citizen pleads not guilty to federal charges of providing material support to terrorists. he allegedly traveled to Syria for training and wanted to return home to kill americans.
co-pilot on germanwings flight 9525 had psychiatric issues beyond clinical depression. faa now approves certain prescribed medication, allowing us to continue flying.
the first set of female quintuplets in the world since 1969 was born in Houston, Texas. singer Hillary Scott of country band Lady Antebellum had to vacate her tour bus.
Michelle MacLaren is leaving the upcoming "wonder woman" movie. the movie, starring Gal Gadot in the title role of the amazon princess, is still set for release on June 23, 2017.
a jury will again deliberate over a possible verdict against the man charged in his killing. he confessed to police three years ago. a judge ruled that his confession and his waiving of his Miranda rights were legal.
"The Big Bang Theory" co-creator is co-writing the script for a pilot presentation. sources say the project, if all goes well, could go straight to series.
80% of women in Mumbai had been street harassed, mainly in crowded areas like trains and railway platforms. most people only think of sexual violence as rape and tend to overlook touching, groping and stalking. sexual harassment in india is pervasive in all aspects of life.
"it's a real tragedy to see someone at age 48 go like that," producer says. "it was an amazing chemistry between him and Megan Follows," producer says.
frida ghitis: this week's attack on garissa university college is a sign of weakness of al-Shabaab. ghitis: al-Shabaab has steadily been losing ground for years in Somalia.
former rap mogul Marion "Suge" Knight ordered to stand trial for murder, other charges. he collapsed in court last month after learning of the $25 million bail. the judge also lowered Knight's bail to $10 million from $25 million.
National Park Week is happening from April 18 through April 26. it's hosted by the national park service and the national park foundation.
john avlon: 7.7 million low-income households live in substandard housing. avlon: the more they spend on housing, the less they have to invest in their children's education.
debra Lobo, 55, is shot in the right cheek and left arm. she is unconscious but expected to survive, police say.
a jury of media peers has dissected the magazine's disastrous story about rape on campus. john avlon: rolling stone's lapses and sloppy blunders amount to journalistic malpractice.
"Late Late Show" actor Jon Cryer recreates his record-store dance to "Try a Little Tenderness" the original scene was one of the best-loved bits from the 1986 John Hughes film.
john avlon: conservative evangelicals and pro-business interests have allied against government. avlon: corporations that sell goods and services to the public are learning that support for discrimination threatens bottom line.
Ines Dumig's photo series "Apart Together" tells the story of a Somali refugee who left her home at 14. "sometimes we feel strong, sometimes we feel lost," dumig says. "I want to universalize (Sahra's) story as well, not only make it about her"
the 32-year-old is charged with possession of controlled substances, including cocaine and ecstasy. he was released from the Clark County Detention Center late friday on $5,000 bail.
police in marana, ariz., thought the gun Mario Valencia held was locked and unable to fire. but 10 seconds after the worker told police that a shot was fired, a police car slammed into him. he faces 15 charges, including shoplifting the.30-30 rifle.
two boys in a coma and their father is unable to talk or move after falling ill in the u.s. the boys, 16 and 14, are in critical condition at a hospital in Philadelphia. a pesticide may have caused the illnesses, the u.s. environmental agency says.
the attack occurred near the U.S. Consulate in the Kurdish city of Irbil. all U.S. Consulate personnel were safe and accounted for, a spokeswoman says.
"we once again unequivocally condemn the maiming and killing of our brothers and sisters," the government says. the attacks in Durban killed two immigrants and three south africans, including a 14-year-old boy.
16-year-old Davion Navar Henry Only had lived his entire life in foster care. a minster's family in Ohio asked him to come live with them. but he got into a fight with one of his sons, and they sent him back to florida.
julian zelizer: despite reports of big banks threatening to withhold campaign funds. zelizer: the financial community has been willing to open its coffers to Democrats without much concern.
more Yemenis appear to be fleeing the country, attempting dangerous trip to the Horn of Africa. the number of dead continues to mount as fears grow that Saudia Arabia and Iran are fighting a proxy war in Yemen.
the dancer left her parents and eight brothers and sisters behind when she arrived in Russia. she studied at the Bolshoi Ballet Academy and was one of the first americans accepted into the company. in 2013, she left under a cloud after claims she was asked to pay $10,000 to dance.
six young men ages 19 to 21 conspired to sneak into Syria and join ISIS. "they were not confused young men. they were not easily influenced," prosecutors say.
"weed 3: the Marijuana Revolution" airs sunday at 9 p.m. ET/PT. "how does this affect me?" asks Dr. Sanjay Gupta.
ten years ago, Maggie Doyne left her hometown to travel the world before college. she lived in a Buddhist monastery, helped rebuild a sea wall in Fiji, then went to India. doyne met women and children who were suffering, struggling to survive.
Jason Warnock was driving through a canyon in Lewiston, Idaho, when he saw a fallen tree. he looked up to see an SUV dangling over the edge of a cliff. "i was like, 'Oh man,' 'cause only like five links were hanging there," he said.
the model announced her retirement from the catwalk last weekend. she is the face of Chanel and Carolina Herrera and has her own line of lingerie.
photographer Timothy Bouldry captures what it's like to live inside a landfill. about 100 families live inside the Boragaon landfill. they collect plastic, metal and wires and sell it by the pound.
a lawsuit alleges the rockefeller foundation helped conduct a similar study in Guatemala. the suit seeks more than $1 billion in damages and has 774 plaintiffs.
two deputies involved in the fatal attempt to arrest Eric Harris have been reassigned. they were trying to arrest him when reserve Deputy Robert Bates shot him.
"i'm in the news, sweetheart. I will (expletive) sue this place," she says in video. "that's why I have a degree and you don't," she says.
chancey Allen Luna found guilty of first-degree murder. he was 16 at the time of the shooting. a jury recommended he spend life in prison.
the "Star Wars: Episode VII -- The Force Awakens" cast showed off for the audience. the audience gasped, cheered and applauded. the new film is due out on december 18.
africa's new millionaires pushing demand for luxury products across continent. sales of high-end products growing by a third between 2008 and 2013. luxury brands tend to enter country markets through distributors.
"real housewives of Beverly hills" star is accused of kicking a police officer. she is accused of trespassing, resisting arrest and public intoxication. she is expected to face misdemeanor charges.
thousands of Yazidis now call this corner of Iraqi Kurdistan home. the vast majority of the camp's occupants are from the town of Sinjar. ISIS took thousands of Yazidis captive.
japan's nuclear watchdog had previously given a green light to the reopening of two nuclear reactors. locals raised concerns about whether the reactors would survive a strong earthquake.
the jailing of four blackwater security guards is a positive step for justice. aaron miller: the horror represented by the case is being used by the Islamic State in Iraq and Syria. miller: the lack of accountability in the aftermath of the u.s. intervention in Iraq is a sobering reminder.
a volunteer sheriff's deputy accidentally fires a handgun instead of a Taser, killing a man. "Oh! I shot him. I'm sorry," the deputy says in a video of the shooting.
the drugs, whose value is estimated at more than $105 million, are the biggest cocaine seizure ever carried out by French authorities. one Venezuelan and two Spanish citizens were arrested.
a week ago, ISIS claimed it controlled part of the refinery. the coalition conducted 47 airstrikes in the area over the past nine days.
independent channel says it didn't want to break anti-gay propaganda law. the law bans "propaganda of nontraditional sexual relations around minors" it also bars public discussion of gay rights within earshot of children.
a car bomb explodes at a restaurant in the heart of the capital, police say. a woman and a boy are among the dead, police say. al-Shabaab claims responsibility for the attack.
sen. john mccain says he's offended by his use of the term "autism epidemic" he says vaccines do not cause autism; they have nothing to do with each other.
a new way to talk about climate change shifts focus from impersonal discussions to your health. president Barack Obama joins surgeon general and EPA administrator for a roundtable discussion.
23-year-old artist Daisy Bentley began collecting notes six years ago. collection includes shopping lists, reminders, requests, love notes and motivational musings. collection is on display at a gallery in london for the public to see.
a bill would allow executions with nitrogen gas if lethal injection is ruled unconstitutional. nitrogen causes a quick loss of consciousness and then death from lack of oxygen.
the ban is "fundamentally contrary to the role of pharmacists as healthcare providers," the association says. the group acted this week because of increased public attention on lethal injection.
second robotic probe sent into crippled nuclear plant captures images of green glow. robot detects lower radiation levels and temperature than expected. first robot stalled after moving about 10 meters.
living land & waters founder wants to clean up the nation's rivers one piece at a time. "just organize it and do it," he tells viewers.
"we are stunned! Shocked! Wounded, broken and dismayed," church pastor says. concrete from a construction project crashed onto the family's car, killing them and their 8-month-old son.
doctors in florida and ariz. can still ask about guns while appeals panel decides whether to take it up. in ariz., bill 1318 requires doctors to lie about abortion services.
u.n. official: boat may have capsized after being touched or swamped by a cargo ship. italian authorities say only 28 survivors were rescued and 24 bodies have been recovered. boat's crew members are all from the Philippines.
an Asiana Airlines plane overran a runway while landing at Japan's Hiroshima airport. 23 people had minor injuries after Flight 162 landed at 8:05 p.m., fire department and ministry sources say. there were 73 passengers and eight crew members aboard when the flight took off.
the italian government announced the end of "Mare Nostrum," a naval mission to rescue migrants. without European support, the italian government cut back the naval assets dedicated to rescuing migrants.
five years after the deepwater horizon rig exploded, we are still experiencing its profound environmental and economic repercussions. the amount of oil in the area has dissipated and communities have started to show signs of recovery.
north Korea accuses Mexico of illegally holding one of its cargo ships. the ship, the Mu Du Bong, ran aground off the coast of Mexico in July.
Heather Mack, 19, and her boyfriend, Tommy Schaefer, 21, were sentenced to 10 years in prison. von Wiese-Mack's lifeless body was found in a suitcase at the St. Regis Bali resort. Schaefer had claimed he killed von Wiese-Mack in self-defense after a violent argument.
"what the f*** just happened?" he asks moments later from the stage. it all went down after Drake performed "Madonna"
a federal jury convicts dzhokhar tsarnaev of 30 charges related to the 2013 bombings. aaron carroll: the trial has held Boston and the region in thrall nearly two years after the bombings.
brazilian supermodel Gisele Bundchen sashayed down the runway at Sao Paulo Fashion Week. the 34-year-old announced over the weekend that she would be retiring from the catwalk.
"the american," "fresh off the boat," "Vikings," "scorpion" and "broadchurch" are all ending this week. "broadchurch," "broadchurch" and "broadchurch" are all ending this week.
bishop was convicted in 2012 of failure to report suspected child abuse. he was put on two years' probation but was not forced to pay a fine.
on April 19, 1995, the Alfred R. Murrah Federal Building in Oklahoma City was bombed. the use of marijuana as a medicinal treatment actually dates back millennia, to at least 2730 B.C.
"Avengers" director and "Cabin" director Drew Goddard is accused of stealing his idea. "the Cabin in the Woods" is a 2012 meta-horror movie. the author of a 2006 novel is suing for copyright infringement.
"Batman v. Superman: Dawn of Justice" trailer just got a makeover. YouTuber Bobby Burns made his own version using classic superhero footage. burns: "i wanted to contrast the old with the new"
the 2015 rock and roll hall of fame induction ceremony was held in a historic city. yoko ono and ringo starr were among those honored. john mayer hailed his longtime idol the late Vaughan.
"Fantastic Four" promises a very different take on the classic Marvel comics characters. fans on twitter had mixed reactions to the new trailer.
Freddie gray was arrested on a weapons charge in a high-crime area of Baltimore. he "gave up without the use of force," a police official says. gray's spinal cord injury led to his death a week later.
the climbing season ended after a piece of glacial ice fell on the mountain last year. 16 Nepalis were killed in the avalanche, the single deadliest incident to ever occur on mount everest. climbers will now take a central route through the Khumbu Icefall.
the pair will reprise their characters from 2010's "Tron: Legacy" the sequel is being directed by Joseph Kosinski.
a fiery sunset greeted people in Washington on sunday. the sunsets were the result of raging wildfires in parts of Siberia.
suicide bomber blew himself up in front of the Kabul Bank in Jalalabad. the ISIS terrorist group claimed responsibility for the attack.
three arrested in the united arab emirates have been in jail since february 22. they were found plane spotting near the airport of fujairah. no charges were filed, and the men will not face deportation.
jurors must decide whether bomber Dzhokhar Tsarnaev should live or die. "i miss her a lot," a father says of his daughter, "the light of my life"
australian prime minister guzzles a beer in seven seconds in a crowded bar. a schooner holds about three-quarters of a pint. he had previously criticized binge drinking in australia.
a frothy private sector is gearing up to serve the "test me" market. laboratories are offering walk-in and online services to individuals.
the 2015 ACM Awards brought in the biggest audience for a live TV awards show ever. a full stadium and millions of home viewers watched, two of country's leading men lit the fuse. a slick joint kickoff performance by Eric Church and Keith Urban was a fine throwback.
the fda's website will list recalled items with their product codes. if the product is within the use-by date, it should still be recalled. there's nothing the consumer can do prior to learning about the recall.
new line cinema is planning a Mariah Carey Christmas movie. producer: "it will be everything you hope a Christmas movie with Mariah Carey would be"
a 37-year-old maid has been executed by the Saudis. she was sentenced to death in 2013 for killing her employer's four-year-old child. rights groups say they suspect she was mentally ill.
the fire has burned nearly 2,000 acres and is 50% contained. high temperatures and gusty winds helped the fire spread.
"His Holiness Francisco" and "Vatican Internet Service, March 2013" were engraved on the back. it also came with a keyboard and a certificate signed by the Pope's personal secretary.
the Vatican says the pope may make a stop in Cuba on his way to the u.s. this September. he played a key role in the re-establishment of diplomatic relations between the two nations.
a polish prince challenges a populist politician to a duel in london's hyde park. he says he is fed up with discrimination against Poles living in britain. prince: "i would like us to meet in Hyde Park one morning with our swords"
a small boat carrying about 50 migrants left from the area of Le Borgne, west of Cap-Haitien. it began to sail toward the island of Providenciales in the Turks and Caicos when it was caught in bad weather.
cyclist Wang Pingan locked up his mountain bike to check out electronics markets. within 10 minutes the thieves struck and struck. police apprehended an alleged criminal and sent Wang a photo of a bike they recovered.
Carlsberg City will be a residential, business, sporting, cultural and educational space. the area has been home to the famous beer-maker since 1847. prices range from just below Copenhagen's average $5,000 per square meter to about $12,000.
suspected Boko Haram militants attack civilians inside Cameroon for the first time in a month. six attackers were killed by cameroonian forces, a military spokesman says.
commando: elite police commandos waited hours for transport from Nairobi to Garissa. commandos were told there were no police aircraft available to take them, commando source says. commandos rehearsed assault on university compound for about two-and-a-half hours.
former Maryland governor is intensifying his criticism of overwhelming front-runner Hillary Clinton. "the liberals love them," says CNN's Jeff Zeleny. "the obama factor" is one of the most fascinating balancing acts for the onetime presidential rival.
frida ghitis: the u.s.-iran relationship is playing checkers on the middle east game board. ghitis: by making the nuclear issue the be-all and end-all, the u.s. is making Tehran taller. ghitis: u.s. is alienating some of our closest allies because of the Iran deal. ghitis: we need them precisely because Iran is rising.
south America's atacama desert is one of the driest places on earth. photographer andres figueroa chronicles religious festivals that take place every July. "dancers of the deserts" chronicles the ceremonies and their complex rituals.
three rabbis convicted of conspiring to commit kidnapping. rabbis were part of a ring accused of accepting tens of thousands of dollars. they were arrested in 2013 following an FBI sting operation.
"What Pet Should I Get?" debuts July 28. it will be the first new, original Dr. Seuss book since "Oh, the Places You'll Go!" in 1990.
it has the highest number of UNESCO World Heritage sites in the world -- 50. the UNESCO-listed basilica of Assisi is just the last of a series of national shames.
recent spikes in HIV and hepatitis C infections among injecting drug users have brought syringe exchange to the fore. syringe exchange programs help curb the spread of these two blood-borne diseases that can be spread by contaminated syringes. syringe services programs promote public health and safety by taking syringes off the streets.
"the ISU community is reeling from the loss," an athletics spokesman says. the plane was coming back from the NCAA Final Four championship game in Indianapolis. "we move between shock and profound sadness," the university president says.
a newly discovered species of glassfrog looks like the famous Muppet. it's called a glassfrog because of its translucent belly.
the statue of comedian and area native Lucille Ball has elicited comparisons to a "walking dead" zombie. artist Dave Poulin offered to cover the cost of fixing the statue.
the drummer for legendary hard rock band AC/DC has pleaded guilty to charges of threatening to kill and possession of drugs. the 60-year-old australian was arrested in November last year after police found methamphetamine and cannabis. he could face up to seven years in prison for the charge of threatening to kill.
"there's a link between NuvaRing and pulmonary embolisms," her father says. by the time her parents arrived at the hospital, Erika was in a coma.
thousands of students are petitioning for a Jedi temple to be built on campus. the petition was started by a student at Dokuz Eylul University in the western province of Izmir. "there are less and less Jedi left on the earth," the petition says.
the CF-18 Hornets bombed near ISIS' de facto capital of Raqqa. it wasn't immediately clear how many casualties the airstrike caused.
the jury in the high-profile trial resumed deliberations on Wednesday. defense lawyer: "you didn't hear it because it doesn't exist" the prosecution portrayed Hernandez as cold, calculating and insecure.
al Qaeda fighters free 270 prisoners, a third of whom have al Qaeda links. government troops arrived early Thursday and clashed with the al Qaeda fighters.
a waitress complained about prime minister John key pulling her ponytail at a cafe. the complaint was filed by an accountant described in the press as a "serial litigant" the prime minister publicly apologized to the waitress after she complained.
bob greene: there is no one right way to mark the anniversary of a tragic event. greene: with the luxury of some time and healing, the city has moved on.
best died in hospice in Hickory, north Carolina, of complications from pneumonia. "the Dukes of Hazzard" co-stars paid tribute to the late actor on social media.
900 refugees from Yemen have arrived in the Horn of Africa. many more are reportedly trying to make the trip but are hampered by fuel shortages.
"Kurt got to the point where he eventually had to sacrifice every bit of who he was to his art," Frances says. "it paints a portrait of a man attempting to cope with being a human," Frances says. "if he had lived," she says, "i would have had a dad"
about 4,500 people have been isolated by flood waters. the storm system has already claimed four lives.
Sammy Griner's dad, Justin, needs a kidney transplant. his mom created a GoFundMe campaign with a goal of $75,000. the family doesn't know when a kidney might become available.
"it's not like him. That's just not his character," his mother tells ABC. "shots fired and the subject is down," officer Michael Slager says after the shooting. he was proficient with the nonlethal Taser, personnel records show.
parents of 7-year-old victim urge justice department to end bombing case. "the defendant murdered our 8-year-old son, maimed our 7-year-old daughter," they say.
three of the teens have been released "pending further enquiries," police say. one suspect, 18, has been charged with conspiring to commit a terrorist act. the other suspect, 19, has not yet appeared in court.
Odin Lloyd was a 27-year-old semi-pro football player for the Boston Bandits. he was found dead on June 17, 2013, less than a mile from Hernandez's home in north attleboro,. Massachusetts. Hernandez has pleaded not guilty to murder and two weapons charges.
al-Shabaab gunmen slaughtered 147 people at a college campus in garissa, Kenya. it was the bloodiest blow Islamist extremists have dealt to the country since 1998. but it was also yet another pave stone in the long path of violence between Kenya and al-Shabaab.
Lewis Hamilton takes pole position for the Chinese grand prix. teammate and fierce rival Nico Rosberg wins by four hundredths of a second. Hamilton congratulates fellow german Sebastian Vettel.
Tristan da Cunha is a volcanic archipelago in the southatlantic ocean. the island is home to just under 270 people and only accessible by sea 60-days-a-year. the island is holding an international competition to improve infrastructure and make it self-sustainable.
scientists say "the blob" is a huge area of unusually warm water in the Pacific. waters in the blob have been warmer by about 5.5 degrees, a significant rise. some marine species are exploring the warmer waters.
police release video of a walmart parking lot brawl that left a police officer wounded. one man was killed, and suspect was shot in the stomach and taken into custody. four members of the family are charged with assaulting an officer and resisting arrest.
Mohammed Abu Khdeir, 16, was beaten and burned alive by three Israelis in July. his family objected to his inclusion on the memorial wall.
real estate developer Alfred Taubman died friday at the age of 91. he helped change the face of suburban life by popularizing upscale indoor shopping malls.
"i have lost my cool from time to time," says cnn's john sutter. "it's not just about how a celebrity shouldn't act in public, it's how all of us shouldn't act," tweets sutter.
the mass killings of Armenians in the Ottoman Empire began 100 years ago friday. many historians agree that the killings were the first genocide of the 20th century. some Armenians feel their nationhood cannot be fully recognized unless the truth is acknowledged.
Phnom Penh fell to the genocidal Khmer Rouge regime 40 years ago today. about 20,000 people died from execution, starvation or exhaustion during this exodus. at least 1.7 million Cambodians died over the next four years.
"i'm hitting the road to earn your vote, because it's your time," she says in a video. but the enthusiastic support from the financial industry will pose a delicate balancing act. many on Wall Street and in the broader business community view her as a dependable force.
a 24-year-old man is in custody after he calls for an ambulance at his home. authorities find weapons, ammunition and evidence of his plans to target churches. he claims he accidentally injured himself when he mishandled a weapon.
"in lieu of flowers, memorials may be sent to Shriners Hospital for Children," his obituary says. "the family respectfully asks that you do not vote for Hillary Clinton in 2016," his obituary says.
"it was just laying down just right like that, boom," Paul McGloin says. police are investigating, but no other headstones were knocked over. "i'm not sure how else it would have fallen over," police chief says.
a 20-year-old western lowland gorilla leaped toward the exhibit window, cracking it. the incident has been viewed more than 1 million times on reddit.
a good Samaritan rushed his son, leo, to safety after the bomb went off. "i was completely terrified because I didn't know if i was ever going to die for my crimes," he says. the prosecution rested after trying to convince jurors that Tsarnaev was cold-hearted.
a number of politicians have officially announced their candidacies. the outline of their messages is starting to emerge.
Adam Gadahn was known as the american mouthpiece of al Qaeda. he converted to Islam in 1995 and left the united states for Pakistan.
the world's seventh-largest economy is heading toward collapse. the ocean is a shared resource that provides for each and every one of us. 90% of the world's fish stocks are either fully exploited or over-exploited.
penelope Cruz will appear in the upcoming sequel to "zoolander 2" the film is scheduled for release in 2016.
this year, memorial day is for bereaved family members such as Valerie Braham. "today we all share the same pain," she says.
in 2014 more than 80% of migrants headed for the Libyan coast as the easiest point of embarkation. they must cross deserts and mountains, risk kidnap or robbery, are often cheated or left stranded. they travel to Sudan so long as they can avoid kidnap by tribes on the border.
"dark Seoul" paralyzed an estimated 48,000 computers at a number of major banks and broadcasters. live footage of the breaches showed computer screens at the media companies completely down.
u.s. is not doing nearly enough to address the problem of terrorism, says aaron miller. he says little of our foreign military funding goes toward this vital facet. miller: u.s. is constantly responding to crises instead of heading them off.
"operation Decisive Storm" ends after nearly a month of airstrikes. the Saudis want to restore the government, a key ally in the fight against al Qaeda.
Indonesian government orders preparations for execution of 10 inmates on death row. maid Mary Jane Veloso, australians Andrew Chan and Myuran Sukumaran among those being executed. inmates had petitions for clemency denied by president in late 2014.
the passenger received medical attention before being released. flight 5622 was originally scheduled to fly from Chicago to Hartford.
the city known for its over-the-top mardi Gras celebrations went smoke-free. the city didn't want its waiters and musicians to have to breathe smoke to do their jobs anymore.
five years ago, Rebecca Francis posed for a photo while lying next to a dead giraffe. comedian Ricky Gervais tweeted the photo with a question: "what must've happened to you?"
a boatload of 900 migrants who embarked from Libya are now feared dead in the latest sinking. over 10,000 were rescued off the coast of Italy in the last week alone.
"it was time to come home," Kelley tells People magazine. he's accused of noncustodial kidnapping and unlawful flight to avoid prosecution. his wife, Genevieve, turned herself in to authorities last year.
more than 500 farmers have died since the start of this year. a plentiful harvest in 2014 drove prices down while production costs rose.
the whale, named Varvara, swam nearly 14,000 miles (22,500 kilometers) the whale, which is Russian for "Barbara," left her primary feeding ground off Russia's Sakhalin island.
in its most recent incarnation, the Iranian-Saudi conflict by proxy has reached Yemen. both sides point to the other as the main reason for much of the turmoil in the middle east.
wei tingting, Wang man, Zheng Churan, Li Tingting and Wu Rongrong are freed. the women will be under police surveillance for a year, their attorney says.
doctors are concerned that every bite and sale delivers an unhealthy snack. high fructose corn syrup and sugar in the u.s. are largely made from genetically modified crops. there are two other more insidious and dangerous risks to consider.
a bench warrant for failing to appear in child support court isn't about catching criminals. sally kohn: bench warrants for deadbeat dads are not arrest warrants for crimes.
a video shows a tow company employee belittling and berating a tow company employee. "i'm on television and you're in a f**king trailer, honey," she says.
in five years, the army will be unable to recruit enough qualified soldiers. john sutter: obesity is becoming a national security issue.
"he'll be treated like a pig," a prison spokesman says. "it's very shiny and clean looking and very sterile," a legal advocate says. "it is a very dangerous prison that is right now experiencing a veritable flood of opiates," she says.
nuclear is our largest source of carbon-free energy, generating over 60% of our carbon-free electricity. despite the fact that nuclear power is carbon-free, the Obama administration's energy policy plan is biased against it.
frida ghitis: president Barack Obama's explanation of how his administration will engage with the Middle East is far from reassuring to the region. ghitis: instead of the "new beginning" that he outlined in his 2009 Cairo speech, U.S. policy in the region remains mired in a contradiction.
marco rubio is running on an optimistic message that he embodies the promise of the american dream. he has been his own worst enemy on immigration reform and Cuba relations.
"we were so in love and happy together," adrianne haslet-davis tells a federal jury. "i saw all five of my toes, but I saw a lot of blood," she says.
robert Bates, 73, shot and killed a man while playing cops and robbers with real police. he was a reserve deputy sheriff, which allowed him to work full time jobs in the community. he had taken part in more than 100 operations with the violent crimes task force.
john avlon: hormones are a major factor one should consider when thinking about presidential candidates. avlon: a woman's hormones might make her so irrational she'll start unnecessary war.
police say there was no sign of forced entry to a building in a holiday weekend heist. a drill was used to gain access to the vault where the safe deposit boxes were. police are still trying to identify the owners of the ransacked safe deposit boxes.
police say they knew a burglar alarm went off but didn't respond. the theft was so big that police haven't come up with a value for what was stolen.
in January, the NFL launched an investigation into the Patriots to determine why 11 of the 12 game balls they provided for the AFC Championship game were underinflated. it's still not clear when the investigation will be completed and when the findings will be announced.
"this morning a terrible family tragedy has occurred," his sister says. "we beg of you to reach out to the ones you love," sweeten's sister says.
"Modern Family" star Sofia Vergara is suing her ex-fiance to keep the embryos from their relationship. the lawsuit lists the plaintiff as "Joe Doe" and the defendant as "Jane Doe"
john avlon: it's clear from Hillary Clinton's campaign video that she will make women central. avlon: she doesn't have to wonder if a woman-centered campaign is the best strategy.
a dress worn by Vivien leigh as she played scarlett in "Gone with the wind" has fetched $137,000 at an auction. it was the most sought after item among roughly 150 pieces of "Gone With the Wind" memorabilia on sale.
a cement seal of an oil well in the gulf of mexico failed on April 20, 2010. 11 rig workers were killed and 4.2 million barrels of oil were released. BP is eager to point out it appears the Gulf of Mexico is healing itself.
Ugandan tycoon started small with a computer shop that kept him busy at 15. his mara Group spans over 20 countries and he's been called "Africa's youngest billionaire" in late 2013 Thakkar joined forces with the former boss of barclays bank -- Bob Diamond.
police arrest the treasurer of the ruling Workers' Party at his home in Sao Paulo. he faces charges of corruption and money laundering as part of the probe into corruption at Petrobras.
italian authorities launch a "vast anti-terrorism operation" against al Qaeda suspects. wiretaps show al Qaeda members discussed a range of targets, including the Vatican. some suspects had an abundance of weapons and moved cash around the world, police say.
julian zelizer: if she wins, she will add to her potential "firsts": first woman president; first secretary of state since James Buchanan. zelizer: she'll have to negotiate several tricky paths to ensure her career remains an advantage.
a team of students from the Ahmadu Bello University are currently applying the final touches to the "ABUCAR 2" while it runs on gasoline, the engine maximizes fuel efficiency and produces fewer emissions than normal cars. while it runs on gasoline, the engine maximizes fuel efficiency and produces fewer emissions than normal cars.
the u.s. leads the world in incarceration, not education, says john avlon. avlon: we are losing the increasingly important race to educate our citizens.
about 2312 inches (60 centimeters) of ash fell in some places. authorities issue a red alert for the towns of Puerto Montt and Puerto Varas.
the president is headed to Panama for a regional summit. "look for more biographical touches," says Jonathan Martin of the new york times.
"State of the Union" anchor will take over in June. he'll remain the channel's chief Washington correspondent.
as of Tuesday, there were 135 cases -- 129 confirmed, and six preliminary -- of HIV. the increase has been linked to injection drug use, primarily of the prescription opioid opana.
ahmed farouq died in a u.s. airstrike in January, according to the white house. he was the deputy emir of al Qaeda in the Indian Subcontinent.
most companies in south Korea have hoesik at least once a month and sometimes every week. for foreign business travelers, using foreignness as an excuse to bow out of the action only goes so far. drinking is considered a way to get to know what someone is really like.
sissa Abu Dahou has dressed as a man for 43 years to avoid oppression. "if it wasn't for my mother, I would have been in the streets," her daughter says. "i raised you and sent you to school. Without money I could not have gotten you an education"
the caller was a ramp agent who fell asleep in the plane's cargo hold. the pilot radioed air traffic control and said he would make an emergency landing.
"The Dark Knight Returns" is widely credited for resurrecting Batman in pop culture. popular comic book writer Frank Miller is returning to his best-known story. "a sequel to Dark Knight is going to be daunting," says Miller.
rebranding is a strategy to bring a new name, term, symbol or design to an established brand. a reframe may change how you think about a brand; a reframe may change how you feel about it.
five young feminists face years in prison over their campaign for gender equality. authorities detained the women in three cities -- Beijing, Guangzhou and Hangzhou. protesters in several cities have called for their release.
the airstrikes targeted rebel Houthi militant positions in three parts of Sanaa. the strikes caused no casualties, but did destroy all three military compounds.
"Suicide Squad" is the first movie featuring the best-known comic book villain. Jared Leto cut his hair and shaved his face for the role.
a successful climate pact will send a signal around the world that a shift to a low-carbon economy is underway. the united states has made clear that it is ready to step up to the plate on climate change.
president Obama has argued with progressive potentate Elizabeth Warren on trade policy. julian zelizer: what everyone does next will be critical for the 2016 elections.
the ruling could provide a fillip to the government's plans to bring nuclear reactors back into operation. the ruling could provide a fillip to the government's plans to bring nuclear reactors back into operation.
david frum: the trial of surviving bomber, dzhokhar tsarnaev, is now underway. he says tsarnaev's lack of remorse is a sign he can fake remorse.
five nursing students were killed in a multi-vehicle crash near Savannah. fellow nursing students were injured as they were on their way to finish clinical rotations.
five suspects have been arrested in connection with the attack, interior minister says. 147 people were killed, including 142 students, three security officers and two security personnel.
over 65 million people, or 20% of the country, have criminal records. nearly 40% of our country's prisoners are African-Americans, who only make up 13% of the general population.
"it's been an incredibly emotional toll on all of us," lesa Strachan says. "you shot him once but you kept going and you shot him six times," she says. "he didn't need to pull the trigger," Kelly Dorsey says.
a mysterious affliction has killed as many as 18 people in southwestern Nigeria. the disease does not appear to be contagious, a health official says.
a senior u.s. official says the u.s. government made no effort to negotiate for Weinstein's release. a senior u.s. official says the capture by al Qaeda made it hard for the united states to negotiate.
"there was no doubt in my mind that we weren't going to land," says passenger. "you're going to feel dizzy and woozy and lightheaded," says passenger.
Molly Schuyler ate three 72-ounce steaks, three baked potatoes, three side salads, three rolls and three shrimp cocktails in 20 minutes. she also broke her own Big Texan record of two 72-ounce steaks and sides, set last year.
homeopathy is a medical philosophy that essentially believes your body is the best weapon to fight disease. critics say the agency is not doing enough to regulate homeopathic remedies.
john avlon: we belong to different generations and political parties. avlon: we believe that the u.s. must lead the world on climate change.
Slovenian archaeologist Ivan prajc has found the lost city of Lagunita. the city was once the gateway to an ancient mayan city, built circa 700 AD. prajc has been the first to see ancient pyramids that he spotted in aerial photographs.
australia's involvement in the first world war ripped australia asunder. john sutter: war remembrance is played like it is a zero sum game. sutter planted gallipoli rosemary in his backyard.
she was an undercover reporter working for u.s. newspapers from Saudi Arabia. she smuggled her stories out of the country to get around restrictions on foreign journalists. her book on Iran helped bridge gaps in understanding between arabs and americans.
the FBI is investigating a possible ISIS-inspired terrorist threat in the united states. it's not clear whether the threat is real or aspirational.
"we have made progress and are on the way to forming a government," Netanyahu says. he must form his government in less than 42 days, according to law.
"she really, truly was a success story of the heart," a close friend says. "the debate seems to be shut down before it can even begin," she says on facebook.
this would mark Kim's first official foreign trip since inheriting the leadership of North Korea. this year's Victory Day marks the 70th anniversary of the Soviet Union's victory over Nazi Germany.
Fethiye Cetin discovered her Armenian ancestry in her 20s. her grandmother told her that her real name was Heranus.
georgio lo porto was taken captive by armed men in 2012. he was killed by a drone strike in a border region of Afghanistan and Pakistan. he worked for a german aid organization fighting hunger and poverty.
former nfl star Aaron Hernandez was convicted of first-degree murder in the 2013 slaying of Odin Lloyd. john sutter: it's hard not to feel sadness over such a senseless waste of life for both.
fifty years ago, prosecutors tried 22 former SS soldiers at Auschwitz. bob greene: the refusal of perpetrators to admit their guilt remains one of the most disappointing aspects of Holocaust trials.
african investors are bringing the best of the continent to the capital. they come from just six countries: Nigeria, Ghana, Congo, Gabon, Cameroon and Senegal. over the past three years Africans have spent over $900 million on luxury residential property in the city.
a magnitude-7.8 earthquake centered less than 50 miles from the national capital of Kathmandu. earthquakes are a fact of life in the landlocked country, with tremors of magnitude 4 or 5.
this page includes the show transcript. use the transcript to help students with reading comprehension and vocabulary. at the bottom of the page, comment for a chance to be mentioned on CNN Student News. you must be a teacher or a student age 13 or older to request a mention on the CNN Student News Roll Call.
in 2011, al Qaeda took Warren Weinstein hostage, then his family paid money to his captors. after the transfer of funds in 2012, the captors demanded prisoners be released in exchange for Weinstein. the militants also wanted the release of local militants who hailed from the Pakistani province of waziristan.
"Grey's Anatomy" actor Patrick Dempsey dies in a car crash. his wife, Dr. Meredith Grey (ellen Pompeo), is left as the show's mainstay.
the 100th anniversary of the massacre of Armenians under the Ottoman Empire is friday. most Turks do not believe that the events of 1915 were genocide, according to a recent poll. the Turkish government denies that a genocide took place.
the first set of female quintuplets in the world since 1969 was born in Houston on April 8. parents Danielle and Adam and big sister Blayke are now a family of eight.
"i'm so proud of you, my hero," tweets daughter. "you are so brave. my beautiful Hero," tweets daughter. "with courage and bravery, let's change the world," tweets stepdaughter.
the 100th anniversary of the mass killings is on the eve of the 100th anniversary of the mass killings. cnn's nina dos santos traveled to the poor landlocked country of Armenia. she wore a red jumpsuit and placed tulips at the slate gray Armenian Genocide memorial.
Philip Morris and R.J. Reynolds sue the fda for violating their free speech rights. the suit argues that the guidelines go too far and are too vague.
92 percent of americans say it is important to get an annual head-to-toe physical. 62 percent of those polled said they went to the doctor every year for their exam.
"the Eureka Factor" explores the influences at work behind that much sought-after "Aha!" moment. research suggests most of us end up suppressing inspiration in trying to conjure up inspiration.
a 14-year-old boy has been arrested on terror-related charges in the uk. he encouraged an attack on an australian parade honoring the war dead. he urged the beheading of "someone in australia," a prosecutor says.
in the west, ISIS is widely known for its terrorist actions. but for some communities, the group is the local governing authority. some children and teens are using suction to make their lips look like Kyle Jenner's.
"Daredevil" premiered its first season on Netflix. the show focuses on attorney Matt Murdock, who was blinded as a child.
a new sci-fi horror movie is going directly to YouTube. the site is celebrating 10 years since the first 19-second video "Me at the zoo" was uploaded.
lip plumping trend has a hashtag: #KylieJennerChallenge. the trend is dangerous, a surgeon says.
"the Rocky Horror Picture Show" is the latest musical getting the small-screen treatment. Fox is developing a two-hour remake of the 1975 cult classic. the special will be directed, executive-produced and choreographed by Kenneth Ortega.
102-year-old Alice barker was a dancer in the 1930s and 1940s. there were motion pictures made of her, but she had never seen any of them.
protesters want to know what happened to Freddie gray, and why he died. police say they caught up with him and arrested him after finding a knife in his pocket. an autopsy says gray died from a severe spinal cord injury.
"avengers: age of ultron" co-stars apologize for comments they made in a junket interview. both actors apologized to fans on social media.
Common has closed a deal to join the cast of "Suicide Squad" he is currently on screen with Warners' Liam Neeson thriller "Run All Night"
a magnitude-7.8 quake hit Nepal on saturday, killing more than 10,000 people. many of these people live in cramped conditions and have never lived outside the city. the epicenter of the quake was so close to the capital of Kathmandu.
15 buffalo were shot and killed after a day on the loose in upstate new york. "snipers" from the animals' farm gunned down the buffalo from the side of the road.
the last three defendants prosecuted in the hazing death of Florida A&M drum major are convicted. a jury deliberated about 212 hours before returning guilty verdicts.
"the tension is quite high now, but if you think about it, for no real reason," creator says. "there's no real reason for the tension to ratchet up," he says.
an internal inquiry by the Tulsa County sheriff's office in 2009 concluded that reserve Deputy Robert Bates was shown special treatment. he fatally shot suspect Eric Harris instead of stuning him with a Taser on April 2.
geoffrey Lewis was a prolific character actor. he appeared opposite Clint eastwood in "Every Which Way But Loose" and its sequel.
"he savored it all: the good, the bad, the indifferent," a Time colleague writes. but he was not afraid to puncture hype around big movies he found overrated. he also didn't care much for sentimental, uplifting movies that often become mainstream hits.
cathay Pacific forced to cancel a scheduled flight from London to Hong Kong. one of the pilots was arrested after trying to board the airliner with knives in his luggage.
anthony doerr's "All the Light We Cannot See" won the Pulitzer prize for fiction. "Between Riverside and Crazy," a play by Stephen Adly Guirgis, won the Pulitzer for drama.
americans on the no-fly list will now be given the opportunity to dispute their status. the revised policy comes in response to a ruling by a federal judge.
buddae-jjigae -- or "army stew" as it's often called -- dates back to the scarce years of the Korean War. "it's, in fact, a classic example of necessity being the mother of deliciousness," Anthony Bourdain says.
"a Catholic reads the Bible" is week three of an ongoing series. this week's theme is "horrified" by the story of Lot in Genesis.
full employee screening would not "appreciably increase the overall system-wide protection," report says. full physical screening "is incapable of determining a person's motivations, attitudes and capabilities to cause harm" only two major airports in the u.s. -- Miami and Orlando -- require employees to be screened through metal detectors.
the overturned car was smoldering, when police pulled up to it on a new jersey roadway. not knowing when the car might burst into full flame, the officers scrambled to save her. they cut off the seat belt from her, then dragged her limp body away from the crash.
vijay Chokal-Ingam says he posed as a black man to get into medical school. he says it opened his eyes to what he calls the hypocrisy of affirmative action. he says he never applied to medical schools as an Indian-American.
"Finding Jesus" viewers asked questions about the character of Mary Magdalene. the term "magdalene" does not come at all in the texts we have of the Gospel.
after the new york area received a large amount of rain, four rainbows appeared to stretch across the early morning sky on Tuesday. the strippers are the latest focus of the country's crackdown on vice.
"bighero 6" fabric didn't include two of the heroes from the movie. a frustrated mom sent an email to the company that makes the fabric. the company says boys don't want girl characters on their things.
this week is the 100th anniversary of what many historians acknowledge as the Armenian genocide. it's also the seventh year in a row President Barack Obama has broken his promise to use the word "genocide" to describe the atrocity.
a 7.8 magnitude earthquake struck around midday on saturday. many people were too scared to go back inside any buildings. there were fears that other buildings would collapse.
john avlon: is America a nation divided? and has Ohio found a better way to bridge divisions? avlon: we've gone from losing 350,000 private-sector jobs to creating 340,000 new ones.
two of the best actresses on television are back on "the big ban theory" "saturday night live" is the host, the day after her new blockbuster "Avengers" movie opens.
"we are very appreciative of Burger King and can't thank them enough," says the couple. "we were shocked (and still are)," says the couple.
the 2-degree threshold is the "north star" for climate negotiations. it's so important that it's going to be the subject of my reporting for the rest of the year. tell CNN's John Sutter which of these climate change stories you like best.
a pregnant woman in her 20s who was driving another vehicle suffered minor injuries. police tried to contact the 27-year-old at his home but were unsuccessful.
two males have been charged in the beating of a man on a light rail train. the beating may have been sparked by a question about the shooting of michael brown.
nine of ten mostly foreign prisoners on death row in Indonesia have been given 72 hours notice. "there will be no execution less than 72 hours after notification," attorney general's office says.
five people were initially reported missing, but one of them has since been rescued. more than 100 sailboats took part in the Dauphin Island Race.
the designer of the iconic "Welcome to Fabulous Las Vegas" sign died over the weekend. she was 91.
"my first bow kill, lol. the only good feral tomcat is one with an arrow through its head," she wrote. "like someone would get rid of me. I'm awesome!" she wrote in a facebook post.
cheapest tickets for the fight are priced at $1,500 but some seats could fetch as much as $11,000. referee Kenny Bayless will take charge of the most anticipated bout in recent boxing history.
in rural china, strippers are invited to perform at funerals to attract more mourners. "i felt something wasn't right," one attendee says. china's ministry of culture says stripteases undermine cultural value of entertainment business.
a new poll finds 57% feel businesses should be required to serve same-sex couples. 41% say they should be allowed to refuse service for religious reasons. that's a shift from a poll conducted last fall.
a ship carrying 550 people capsizes in the Mediterranean, a rescue group says. the italian coast guard says it is taking the report seriously.
twelve people were killed and 70 were injured when a gunman opened fire on the audience. on monday, shooting suspect James Holmes goes on trial for 165 counts, including murder and attempted murder.
for 25 years, Ali Addeh refugee camp has been a holding point for those fleeing into Djibouti. for those willing to pay, there's another route to a new life. migrant ships operated by human traffickers set sail at high tide.
a mom furious at her son for apparently taking part in the riots has become a sensation online. she is seen pulling her masked son away from a crowd, smacking him in the head repeatedly. the boy is dressed in dark pants and a black hoodie.
there was an aftershock this afternoon, so they were checking the runway for damage. a few military planes -- Indian military planes -- were going in, trying to bring in aid. with the strong aftershock a couple of hours ago, no one wants to go inside.
no one was injured in the shooting, and no arrests have been made. police are still looking for suspects.
defense attorney: "there is no evening of the scales. there is no point of trying to hurt him as he hurt because it can't be done" "we are asking you to punish Jahar by imprisoning him for the rest of his life," he tells jurors.
a 7.8-magnitude earthquake hit Nepal less than 48 hours ago. the death toll has skipped past 3,000 and climbs, inexorably. people are desperate to make it out to their stricken families, and discover their fate.
Freddie gray's family had asked there be quiet on the streets the day they laid him to rest. but a handful of people repeated the family's message. they became criers in the desert against countless young people flinging rocks at police.
"there are no words to do justice to the disappointment and heartbreak we are going through," wife says. gunmen abducted Weinstein in 2011 from his home in lahore, parkistan.
"enough was enough," says Irwin Horwitz, an instructional associate professor. he says students spread hurtful rumors about him, his wife and colleagues. a senior at Texas A&M Galveston says he is worried about the job he has lined up after graduation.
timothy stanley: it's hard to soft-launch a campaign with a superstar politician. stanley: it's hard to figure out whether it's actually going to work.
the Nepali Pranksters were in the middle of shooting an episode for their hidden camera series. the team kept the camera rolling for 18 minutes as they traversed the crowded streets. they found homes destroyed, where people were pulling survivors out from piles of rubble.
india delivered 187 tons of supplies, including 50 tons of water, 22 tons of food and 2 tons of medicine. on Sunday alone, india delivered 187 tons of supplies, including 50 tons of water, 22 tons of food.
an off-duty member of the uniformed division of the secret service is arrested. he is charged with first-degree attempted burglary, a felony, and destruction of property.
south Korea's prime minister offers to resign amid a growing political scandal. he will stay in his official role until south Korean president park geun-hye accepts his resignation.
aftershocks send snow and rocks thundering down mountainside, complicating rescue efforts. climber: "we were sitting here in base camp, feeling the situation was getting better"
sonit Awal was at home when the 7.8-magnitude quake sent tremors through the country. his father had lost all hope of finding his son alive until he heard faint cries from below.
none of the girls rescued from raided Boko Haram camps has been identified so far. a high-ranking army official did not rule out that captives from other camps might be girls abducted. troops rescued 200 girls and 93 women Tuesday in the Sambisa forest.
10 people have been sentenced to life in prison for their roles in the 2012 attack on malala yousafzai. the assailant's conviction and sentences follow a trial that included testimony from both sides.
the main highway that heads east out of Kathmandu shows massive cracks. it's only 30 kilometers (20 miles) east of the capital but the journey takes almost two hours. 90% of the houses are currently uninhabitable.
the executions of Andrew Chan and Myuran Sukumaran early Wednesday morning will be a different story. the australian public's view of Indonesia, and anger with its government, will take much longer to subside.
the big stakes of 2016 filled our Sunday morning trip around the "inside politics" table. few think vice president Joe Biden is willing to risk a third losing bid for the democratic nomination. Ohio Gov. John Kasich thinks he is the most qualified among the potential Republican 2016 prospects.
many australians appalled by the brutal executions of two people in Indonesia. nina dos santos: the death penalty looks anachronistic and ineffective at the best of times. santos: we can give no more significant power to another human being than to decide who lives or who dies.
mayor Stephanie Rawlings-Blake seemed reluctant to hand over the report on Freddie Gray's death. "it can't be the end. there's been no charges. there's been no trial," she says.
journalist Krishnan Guru-Murthy started asking personal questions about downey. downey grows increasingly agitated, even as the line of questioning remains on-topic. "i'm sorry," says downey, "what are we doing?"
a man and a woman were arrested in the town of Oberursel on suspicion of planning a bombing. police recovered a pipe bomb ready to be used, 100 rounds of 9mm ammunition, a gun and hydrogen peroxide. "we suspect that there was a Salafist background," a police spokesman says.
the head of the japanese government is scheduled to speak to a joint meeting of congress. abe arrives at an opportune time to help along the economic centerpiece of the "pivot"
"if this fight happens, you're going to be sitting there," says les moonves' waiter. moonves' waiter offered him an "in" to the most coveted match-up in boxing. "if this fight happens, you're going to be sitting there," says moonves.
"my only wish is to set the record straight about the past. Before I die," she says. she was a 14-year-old girl when the Japanese came to her village in Korea. instead of going to a sewing factory, she ended up in Japanese military brothels.
more than 4,600 people have died and more than 9,000 have been injured in the quake. a landslide in a popular trekking area north of Kathmandu is feared to have left up to 200 people missing. officials warn they are hampered by problems of getting aid into the country.
residents of Melamchi, central Nepal, are happy to see an Indian air force helicopter. the mission is the third of its kind to reach the village since the 7.8-magnitude quake. 1,376 people were killed in Sindhupalchok district, where Melamchi is located.
judge says he's not "comfortable" with seven-year prison terms given to three educators. judge: "when a judge goes home and he keeps thinking over and over that something's wrong, something is usually wrong"
the walkout occurred on the set of "the Ridiculous Six" the script called for native women's names such as "Beaver's Breath" and "No Bra"
a wave of anti-immigrant violence has swept the country in recent days. some blame alleged inflammatory comments about foreign nationals from the Zulu king. others blame labor dispute between locals and foreigners back in march.
blue uniform shirts will be traded for white ones for command staff members of the Indianapolis metropolitan police department. IMPD officials acknowledge that this is a time of "increased scrutiny of police operations and tactics" white shirts will make command-level staff immediately identifiable.
Olivia Munn will play the telepathic Psylocke in the follow-up to "X-Men: Days of Future Past" "Apocalypse" is currently in production for a summer 2016 release.
photographer Laurence Rasti flew from Geneva to denizli to explore identity issues in Iran. "it was a work about identity even though we don't see faces," she said. "i couldn't understand that in Iran (homosexuality) isn't accepted," she said.
"Avengers" character is a master with the bow and arrow. "Listen I've got powers too," he crooned to "Thinking Out Loud"
a group of fighters in Afghanistan agreed to be filmed by a CNN cameraman. they are the first images of their kind shot by western media inside Afghanistan. the rise of ISIS is an issue that the Afghan president, Ashraf Ghani, has termed a "terrible threat"
a 10 p.m. citywide curfew was put into effect two days ago. supporters of the former insurance company lawyer expressed confidence in the new prosecutor.
jared leto portrays the Joker in the upcoming movie "Suicide Squad" "Suicide Squad" is based on the DC Comics series and also stars will Smith, margot Robbie and Viola Davis.
uber private rapper/entrepreneur Jay Z defends his new music streaming service, Tidal. using the hashtag #TidalFacts, he attempted to refute talk that the service is underwhelming.
a majority of the missing are Nepalese, Indian and Chinese residents. a handful are adventurers, trekkers and vacationers who have not been heard from. technology has played a huge role in helping families share their worries.
former rap mogul Marion "Suge" Knight pleads not guilty to murder and other charges. he is accused of running over two men during an argument in a parking lot.
Stephen Hawking has teamed with the silly lads of Monty Python to recreate the signature "Galaxy Song" the 7-inch single will be available for sale on Saturday's Record Store Day.
the basij is a militia made up of fighters loyal to Iran's religious leaders. the militia's mission is to protect the country's Islamic order.
the sequel to "Fifty Shades of Grey" will hit theaters on february 10, 2017. the third film in the series will debut february 9, 2018.
70% of those laying down their hard earned cash are convinced the world is on the verge of welcoming a new princess. there have been 34 Kings and only six Queens over the course of the British monarchy's thousand-year history.
"the people I find most beautiful are the ones who aren't trying," she tells People. she joins a long line of actresses to receive the honor.
as the world awaits the impending birth of William and Kate's second baby, potential names have become the topic of rampant speculation. girls' names are causing the biggest stir, as there seems to be a belief that the couple are expecting a princess.
"keeping up with the Kardashians" star said he has the "soul of a female" in a two-hour special. "that takes tremendous courage," actress Linda Thompson says.
john avlon: bernie Sanders, a friend of many years, is running for president. avlon: he's an authentic voice who speaks without fear.
the odds of congress passing another New Deal or Great Society are minimal. liberals have found more political space to move forward with their initiatives.
a 15-year-old boy is pulled from the rubble of a multistory residential building. pemba Tamang, who was wearing a new york shirt and a blue neck brace, shows no signs of serious injury. a u.s. special operations forces team rescues 30 people, including three americans, by helicopter.
photographer Fabien le coq photographed trees in his native france. each image represents different feelings at different points in time.
dzhokhar "jahar" Tsarnaev's defense team is seeking to spare him from a death sentence. the sentencing phase of the federal case will resume Monday.
mui Thomas suffers from a rare genetic condition that leaves the skin on her face and body red raw and open to infection. she was born with harlequin ichthyosis, which means her skin is extremely thick, dry and flaky -- resembling fish scales. now 22, she has a full-time job, plays sport and is embarking on a career as public speaker.
past Tony winner and three-time nominee Mary-Louise Parker unveiled the nominees. Bruce willis is set to make his Broadway debut in the upcoming play "Misery" the awards are set to be handed out in a ceremony airing live at 8 p.m. on cnn.
"the decision was taken without consulting the legitimate Libyan side," haftar says. "we are a sovereign country that needs to be respected," he says.
in 2010, at the height of cartel violence, the city averaged 8.5 killings per day. this month the city launched the tourism campaign "Juarez is Waiting for You" rep. beto "Beto" O'Rourke of Texas was one of those on a leg of the tour.
abe's historic address to a joint session of the u.s. congress is the first ever by a japanese pm. he has been disappointing on Japan's wartime history because he has been evasive.
hundreds of decomposed corpses were found buried in shallow graves in the streets of Damasak. the town had recently been freed from the terror group in a joint military operation. the bodies were buried in 20 clearly marked mass graves.
the airstrikes were carried out in the occupied Golan Heights. four militants crossed into the area from Syria.
domestic terror threats range from white supremacists to eco-terrorists. the FBI is often successful, but sometimes the suspects get away.
a prosecutor has dismissed allegations that argentina tried to cover up Iran's involvement in a 1994 bombing. the case became of high interest after the original prosecutor who brought the allegations was found dead in January.
the day is widely seen as marking the start of a free south africa after the fall of apartheid. a spate of anti-immigrant attacks earlier in April in which a number of people lost their lives.
a high wall surrounding a monastery had collapsed and the nuns had run to a nearby field. a mud-and-brick cottage had fallen on a blue motorbike but no trace of its rider. a blood donation camp was said to be buried by the same structure that sheltered it.
the British-led war games are code named Joint Warrior. 13,000 personnel from 14 countries operate more than 50 ships and submarines. NATO says the planning started long before Russia began behaving as an adversary.
the average person throws away a ton of trash a year. Anamarie Shreeves created a 32-ounce mason jar full of waste in half a year. "i got them their first recycling bin," she says.
5-year-old fawn-colored doberman pincher ate three timepieces. her owners describe her as "more goofy than scary"
the spacecraft that lost contact with flight controllers will re-enter the earth's atmosphere. the Progress resupply vehicle will come off its orbit and will begin its combustion in the atmosphere.
acquittal of four police officers in beating death of motorcyclist Arthur McDuffie is 35 years old. acquittal could just as easily have been Baltimore this week, says cnn's robert mcduffie. mcduffie's parents were leaders and participants in nonviolent civil rights movement.
"whatever they were, whatever they were, was worthy of an image," says photographer Kate Parker. "i wanted to capture them before they lose that sense of 'I'm here'," she says.
"Secret Garden: an inky treasure hunt & coloring book" is at no. 3 on amazon. "the Mindfulness Colouring Book: Anti-stress Art Therapy for Busy People" is at no. 8 on amazon UK.
heavy drinking among Americans rose 17.2 percent between 2005 and 2012. largely due to rising rates among women, study finds. in 2012, 8 percent of americans were considered heavy drinkers.
the actress said she suffers from macular degeneration and glaucoma. she said smoking marijuana is "good medicine" for relieving the pressure in her eyes.
the state's legislature on Friday passed a bill raising the minimum legal age to buy tobacco. the bill will now go before Gov. David Ige, whose signature would make it law in 2016.
Jean Nidetch was a heavyweight in the weight-loss industry. she officially launched Weight Watchers in 1963.
the 62-year-old comic talked about her struggle with macular degeneration and glaucoma. the risk for both diseases goes up for everyone after age 60.
the focus on the functional movement required to execute the perfect swing is shifting. yoga-based moves train internal hip rotation; stabilizes and lengthens lower back muscles; stretches upper back and shoulders; encourages ankle mobility.
as of friday, 142 people have tested positive for HIV. this is a huge number for an area that has a population of only a few thousand people.
see if you can figure out Cheryl's birthday, the Singapore logic problem that's got the Internet twisted into knots. the problem went viral after Singapore television host Kenneth Kong posted it to facebook.
"Rosie the Riveter" is often confused with another popular image from the same era. the poster shows a woman flexing her arm under the slogan "we can do it"
acetaminophen is the main ingredient in Tylenol, most forms of Midol and more than 600 other medicines. study: acetaminophen reduces not only pain but pleasure as well.
a 17-year-old teen was ordered into custody of the state in december. she ran away in an effort to discontinue chemo, claiming she didn't want to be treated. a judge denied a request by her attorney to allow her return home.
a split at the appellate level helped propel the issue to the nation's highest court. a vote in favor of same-sex marriage would be a huge disappointment for conservatives.
the latest outbreak of bird flu is not a likely threat to humans, the CDC says. but as with any potential threat to human health, they are preparing for the worst just in case.
many of Nepal's most renowned pagodas crumbled into rubble-covered stumps. others were smothered under splintered hand-carved wooden beams or multi-level rooftops. worst architectural losses have included the majestic Shiva temple pagoda.
"are you going to bless me and let me find a diamond today?" asked a visitor. a 3.69-carat white, teardrop-shaped diamond was found in a plowed field. it's the 122nd diamond found at the park this year.
a powerful earthquake struck one of the poorest nations on earth today. it's less than half the size of the previous major event nearby in 1934. the entire subcontinent of india is being driven slowly but surely underneath Nepal and Tibet at a speed of around 1.8 inches per year.
"good times" star Ben Powers dies at 64. he played the football player's husband on the final season.
despite numerous landslides, the villages we are driving through are relatively unaffected. one of the biggest challenges rescue workers are facing is reaching affected people in remote mountainous areas. the hospital campus is overflowing with patients.
"Flower Man" is a series of portraits that cast light upon the people behind the petals. when hermann was in Kolkata, he went to the market as a tourist.
"i will stand by what I did, but I'm not career suicidal," professor tells students. "the class of graduating seniors is nothing more than a circus that is nothing but academic," he writes.
a growing number of Japanese businesses are testing out robots as a possible solution to the country's shrinking workforce. robots are appearing in stores, banks and soon even hotels. "Pepper" is a humanoid robot that "chats" with customers.
the reigning world champion wins his 35th grand prix in china. his teammate Nico Rosberg claims he ruined his race by driving slowly.
actor richard Dysart died of cancer at his home in Santa Monica, california. he won a Drama Desk award for playing coach in "that championship season" he appeared in every episode of "l.a. law" from 1986 to 1994.
Mitchell was found unconscious in her home a month ago. she remains at the hospital, according to a court petition filed on April 28.
frida ghitis: president obama refuses to look with clear eyes at the chief security challenges of the 21st century. ghitis: the body count will continue to grow in the places where these groups can generate buy-in. ghitis: the president and his national security advisers have too often proven nave.
the as yet untitled eight-part, one-hour series is set to premiere July 26. fans are eagerly awaiting bearing witness to the former Olympian's journey.
north's enigmatic ruler expected to be in Moscow for 70th anniversary of end of wwii. but this week, Russia announced that the trip had been canceled.
john avlon: for-profit colleges reportedly get 86% of their funding from federal student loan money. avlon: stop exploitation of students isn't easy; for-profit colleges business is multibillion-dollar industry.
"the migration of the negro" is a series of 60 small paintings with text depicting the lives of millions of pre-World War II blacks. some people blame president Barack Obama for racial tension as if the march on washington scrubbed away the lasting effects of 300 years of inequality.
Freddie gray was arrested without incident on the morning of April 12. less than an hour later, officers transporting him called for a medic. he subsequently slipped into a coma, dying a week after his initial arrest.
fans rally for the 39-year-old as he crosses the finish line. he was born with muscular dystrophy.
Volvo says it will begin exporting vehicles made in a factory in southwest china to the u.s. next month. it will be the first time Chinese-built passenger cars will roll into american showrooms.
the man who beat serial killer Jeffrey dahmer to death says he did it because of his creepy sense of humor. "he crossed the line with some people -- prisoners, prison staff," scarver says. "if he saw a guard that was nervous and standing near enough to hear him, he would say, 'I bite,'" the prison minister says.
the decision is connected with north Korean domestic affairs, a spokesman says. the visit was highly anticipated because it would have marked his first official foreign trip since 2011.
google's popular real-time traffic app, Waze, uses GPS navigation and crowdsourcing. the app poses an enormous risk to deputies and police officers.
in 2014, the Clinton Foundation "received money from the United Arab Emirates, Saudi Arabia and Oman" the donors included Canada's foreign affairs department, which is promoting the Keystone XL pipeline.
Shanghai, like many large Chinese cities, rations license plates as it looks for a solution to its gridlocked roads and polluted skies. to register for a license plate auction, prospective car buyers must put down a deposit in exchange for software. each month there are around 10,000 license plates available.
the term appears to be a reference to 2013's "The Purge" and its sequel, last year's "The Purge: Anarchy" the government markets the sanctioned chaos as a catharsis that reduces crime on the other 364 days of the year.
tanka maya sitoula endured 36 long hours trapped in a room on the ground floor. "i heard people making noise outside so I thought I would be rescued," she says. her husband says he called out for help for hours after the quake.
baggage handlers at miami international airport are being recorded on a hidden camera. the camera is part of an ongoing police investigation into luggage thefts.
more than 2,000 white house journalists and their mostly celebrity guests convened. president Barack Obama came out strong -- a tough act to follow for any comedian.
Lifetime has greenlit "the unauthorized full house story" (working title) the follow-up to "Saved by the Bell" will look at the rise of the cast.
a 20-kilometer (12-mile) exclusion zone has been established around the crater. about 1,500 people were evacuated, and security measures will continue as "contingency plans are operating"
"Furious 7" is sure to draw fans curious about how the film handles the real-life death of co-star Paul Walker. the usual flaws -- plot bumps, muscle acting, tweet-length dialogue -- fade in the face of the camaraderie on and off screen.
"Avengers: Age of Ultron" is the third highest-grossing film of all time. "avengers: Infinity War Parts 1 and 2" is scheduled for release in may of 2018 and 2019.
a 14-year-old girl was returned to Mexico from the u.s. after DNA tests showed she's not related to a woman who claimed she was her daughter. the woman in Houston claimed her daughter had been illegally taken to the u.s. without her consent.
the 27-year-old actress is best known for her roles on "Ordinary Lies" and "Coronation Street" her "Coronation Street" character was the show's first to act as a surrogate.
"sharon, Lois & Bram's Elephant Show" co-star dies aged 78. son: "she knew it was happening, she was at peace with it, and she died peacefully"
the cinematographer won his Oscar for his work on the first of the fabled "Lord of the Rings" trilogy, "The Fellowship of the Ring" Lesnie also worked with new Zealander Jackson on the remake of "King Kong"
the couple announced the pregnancy in January. it is the first baby for both.
the singer is believed to have drowned at a beach in Montego Bay. "just got paid" was a no. 1 hit on the u.s. billboard R&b chart.
nearly one in three adults in the u.s. has an arrest or conviction record. black-americans are incarcerated at a rate six times that of whites.
justices Ruth Bader Ginsburg and Clarence Thomas argued for marriage equality. aaron carroll: to argue that marriage has not changed since then is either willfully ignorant or woefully nave.
five men who once thrived off their skills have been fired from their jobs and blacklisted. the skill they once thrived off has left them isolated and fearing reprisals. "we are in prison in Afghanistan," a fourth says.
"the royal wedding of Scotland" took place in the quaint town of Dunblane, Scotland. tennis legend and long-term girlfriend, Kim Sears, got engaged in November last year. the couple met at the U.S. open in 2005 and got engaged in November last year.
photographer Simon Brann Thorpe began his project "Toy Soldiers" in the desert of western sahara. the soldiers are with the Polisario Front, an independence movement that has been clashing with Morocco.
percy sledge died of natural causes, a coroner says. he had been in hospice care for cancer. "when a man loves a woman" was his biggest hit.
consumer reports compared award-seat availability for the five biggest airlines. southwest offered the most award tickets, 11.9 million, and the highest percentage of award tickets. at the bottom of the list was jetBlue, which offered the lowest percentage of award seats.
asadullah's cousin, Gulnaz, was raped by her husband when she was 16. she was jailed for adultery as her attacker was married. asadullah rescued her from shame and rejection from a conservative society.
Freddie gray was taken into police custody in october. gray's family alleges that police are involved in a cover-up.
bodega worker Pedro Hernandez is charged with killing 6-year-old Etan patz in 1979. he confessed to police three years ago, but his lawyers say he made up his account.
after a large amount of rain, four rainbows stretched across the early morning sky. "it's been surreal I feel like we're breaking the Internet but in a really great way," says a woman.
japan will put an unmanned rover on the surface of the moon by 2018. the move could be seen as Japan's attempt to play catchup to its Asian neighbors.
"he was embarrassing himself by wearing that mask and that hoodie," toya Graham tells "anderson cooper 360 " the video of Graham yanking her son and slapping him with a right hand has led to the internet calling Graham #motheroftheyear. "he's not a perfect child, but he's also not a thug," he says.
five militants from the Kurdistan Workers' Party were killed and another was wounded. four Turkish soldiers also were wounded in the fighting in the eastern city of Agri.
the USS Independence was scuttled in 1951 during weapons testing near California's farallon islands. researchers went looking for it again in march as part of a project to map about 300 wrecks. sonar images show what looks like an airplane on one of the elevators that took planes from the hangar deck to its flight deck.
a survivor tells investigators there were 950 people on board the boat. he says many were trapped inside behind locked doors.
pastor Creflo Dollar responds to criticism of his campaign to buy a luxury jet. "the enemy's trying to discredit me," he says.
boxing has fallen precipitously since its 20th century heyday. boxing isn't fading away because of a combination of catastrophic mismanagement. the rocket rise of MMA's premier organization, the Ultimate Fighting Championship, has matched boxing's decline.
a bus collided with a fuel tanker in southern Morocco on friday. the accident caused a fire that hollowed out the bus, leaving little more than its frame.
marleni Olivo hit president Nicolas Maduro in the head with a mango. in return, she gets the new apartment she was asking for. "we're going to invite her to my [TV and radio] show," the president says.
a new attorney general will be sworn in on thursday. she will work to re-establish order in Baltimore, where a state of emergency is declared.
"Finding your roots" producer apparently acquiesced to affleck's request to remove slave references. affleck: "i didn't want any television show about my family to include a guy who owned slaves"
the helicopter crashed near Kampung Pasir Baru in Semenyih. prime minister Najib Razak ordered an investigation. among the victims were the nation's former ambassador to the united states.
president Barack Obama took part in a roundtable discussion on climate change this week. he refocused on the issue from a public health vantage point.
an Indonesian court rejects a bid by two australian drug smugglers to challenge their planned executions. the pair are awaiting death by firing squad on Indonesia's "execution island" for their role in a failed 2005 heroin smuggling plot.
"embryonic custody disputes raise important questions about life, religion and parenthood," he says. "when we create embryos for the purpose of life, should we not define them as life?" he asks.
six survivors of the siege are suing a french media outlet for what they call dangerous live broadcasting. the media outlet, CNN affiliate BFMTV, is accused of endangering the lives of hostages.
frida ghitis: u.s. drone strike killed two aid workers held hostage by al Qaeda. ghitis: rogue regimes seize hostages to extract concessions, humiliate u.s., signal unease.
the u.s. patent and trademark office denied the band "slant" a trademark. the band, the Slants, is five Asian-American musicians from Portland, Oregon.
gunmen on a speedboat fired shots in the air and sped away with a boat, frontex says. the boat, named Airone, was intercepted off the coast of Sicily.
gunman walked into a building on the campus of Wayne Community College in goldsboro, north carolina. he shot the school's print shop operator, killing him, authorities said.
a smuggler in the Libyan capital of Tripoli laid bare the system for loading boats with poor and desperate refugees. an estimated 1,600 migrants have died so far this year on the dangerous Mediterranean crossing.
scientists from the university of utah have made a bombshell discovery. underneath the park's attractions and walking paths is enough hot rock to fill the grand canyon. the discovery doesn't mean that there is now more magma than there was before.
"Full House" co-star John Stamos announced the news on "jimmy kimmel live" the reunion special will be followed by a spinoff series called "Fuller House" the show will feature Candace Cameron Bure as the recently widowed mother of three boys.
Hungarian architect matyas Gutai built a prototype house in his hometown of Kecskemet, south of Budapest. a sheet of water is trapped between the inner layers, equalizing the temperature across the building. the house can produce its own energy and be more independent of energy suppliers.
the warships are being deployed to monitor nearby Iranian vessels. the move is meant to reassure allies in the region, a spokesman says.
since Saudi Arabia began airstrikes on Houthi rebels in Yemen three weeks ago, it has launched more than 1,200 airstrikes. the reality is that a good portion of the armaments the Saudis send in on guided parachutes fall instead into Houthi hands.
a 54-year-old man scales a white house fence but is quickly apprehended. the package was being examined and later deemed harmless, a secret service source says.
an Alaska Airlines flight was forced to make an emergency landing after its pilot reported hearing unusual banging. a ramp agent was discovered inside the front cargo hold. he told authorities he had fallen asleep.
the game between the Baltimore Orioles and the Chicago white sox will be closed to the public. it follows the postponement of Monday's and Tuesday's games against the white sox.
"these guys just gutted it out," Wisconsin head coach bo Ryan says. Kentucky came into the game as the first men's team to have a 38-0 record. the Badgers fought back from a 60-56 deficit with 6:39 left in the game.
critics call the opinion an outlier and don't believe it will carry much weight. "it's an ideal piece of judicial craftsmanship," says a gay rights advocate.
new Belgium and Ben & Jerry's are teaming up on a beer inspired by ice cream. both companies have a history of social activism. the beer is set to hit shelves in the fall.
if you flunked the test, it might be because Mercury suffers from bad (or very little) press. a spacecraft is about to crash onto the planet around April 30.
the previous round of talks failed in January after rebels attacked the president's residence. on Tuesday, Saudi Arabia announced the end of its operation against Houthi positions.
attacks on foreigners and their businesses rage on, killing at least six people this week. this is not the first time xenophobic violence has exploded in a country that tries to portray itself as a diverse "rainbow" violence started after Zulu king Goodwill Zwelithini said foreigners "should pack their bags and go"
experts say the wave of savage beheadings may be having an unlikely knock-on effect. beheadings may encourage copy-cat acts or threats of decapitation, experts say.
"we can only trust in God for a miracle at this time," grandmother says. "the quality of her life will not be known for years to come," attorney says.
james Holmes says he was insane at the time of the shootings. he is accused of killing 12 people and injuring or maiming 70 others.
a u.s. soldier was killed in an attack in eastern Afghanistan by an Afghan national army gunman. an Afghan police chief says an Afghan soldier opened fire on the u.s. troops. an american official had just met with a provincial governor when gunfire erupted.
officer michael slager is charged with murder for shooting an unarmed black man in the back. he is accused of firing numerous shots at the man as he ran away from a traffic stop. slager's video contradicts his statement that he felt threatened after the man took his stun gun.
more than 10,000 people have arrived from Libya since last weekend, says the italian coast guard. the flow of migrants from Libya exploded again after the dictatorship of moammar gadhafi was overthrown.
photographer James Oatway captures brutal attack on mozambican. seven people have been killed in the latest round of xenophobic violence against poorer immigrants. "they wanted one thing and that was to kill Emmanuel," says photographer.
john avlon: Freddie gray's death raises questions about police use of force. avlon: police say he fled unprovoked upon noticing police presence.
mohamud is "credited with having an extensive terrorist network within Kenya," ministry says. he is the regional commander within al-Shabaab in charge of the Juba region.
a preliminary framework for a possible nuclear deal has been reached between Iran and world powers. many here believe a final agreement is possible and most hope sanctions relief could be on the horizon.
"it's not the right word, to call our children 'thugs,'" Baltimore city councilman says. "just call them n-----s. Just call them n-----s," he says.
lz granderson: mehmet oz is increasingly serving himself at a cost to u.s. hospitals. he says if he was ever going to go down, surely his ship would've sunk last summer.
Zaki-ur-Rehman Lakhvi is a top leader of the terrorist group Lashkar-e-Taiba. he was charged in 2009 with masterminding the deadly 2008 Mumbai terror attacks. india, Pakistan's neighbor and rival, condemned his bail release.
a woman who was recording police activity says she was terrified when a deputy smashed her phone. beatriz paez filed a complaint with police in south gate, just south of los angeles.
Novak Djokovic beats Thomas Berdych 7-5, 4-6, 6-3 in rain-interrupted final of the Monte Carlo Masters. serb's win extends his winning streak to 17 matches. he becomes the first man to win the opening three Masters of the season.
suzanne Crough dies at 52. she portrayed youngest daughter Tracy on the '70s sitcom "the partridge family"
the peaceful transition of power from goodluck Jonathan to president Buhari is the first of its kind in history. the richest buy off the anger of the poorest, and vast swaths of society become complicit in the crime.
the cast of "The Breakfast Crew" escaped from principal Richard Vernon 30 years ago. a draft script of the 1985 teen classic has just been found in a filing cabinet.
an Egyptian court sentenced the leader of the Muslim Brotherhood, Mohamed Badie, to death by hanging. the sentences will be appealed. 36 other defendants were sentenced to life in prison.
john avlon: equal pay day is fictitious holiday marked by progressive women's groups. avlon: 77-cent wage gap statistic is grossly overstated.
the riots of Baltimore, the peaceful marches of Baltimore did not seem to have had much to do with baseball. but the riots of Baltimore did not seem to have had much to do with baseball.
"Monty Python and the Holy Grail" premiered 40 years ago Thursday. the movie was a box-office hit, making $5 million -- more than 10 times its budget.
green had an aortic aneurysm near the left valve of his heart. he had to have open heart surgery to repair the aneurysm.
police brutality is neither new nor reflective of a "moment," says john avlon. avlon: we have not yet shown the resolve needed to end it.
"this is a totally wrong judgment that doesn't respect the facts or the evidence," her lawyer says. she immediately said she would appeal, her lawyer says.
more than 160 patients in nine days have been rushed to hospitals for synthetic marijuana-related emergencies. "spice" and other similar synthetic drugs are often marketed as legal plant material coated with chemicals.
the comedian took a fake tumble on the red carpet at the 2015 TIME 100 gala. the stunt drew guffaws from the paparazzi and other onlookers.
"#Hillary2016" and "#WhyImNotVotingforHillary" trended on social media. over 3 million views of her announcment tweets in one hour.
assange has been holed up in the Ecuadorian embassy in London since 2012. prosecutors want to question him about 2010 allegations that he raped one woman and sexually molested another.
a wsj report says north korea may have as many as 20 nuclear warheads. peter bergen: the key takeaway from the latest assessment of north korea's nuclear capability is the type of warhead.
a microneedle patch could bring polio vaccines to the doorsteps of the people that need them. polio cases in the united states dropped by almost 90% over the course of two years.
near-sightedness, or myopia, means nearby objects appear clearly, but those farther away look blurry. the rates of myopia have doubled, even tripled, in most of East Asia over the last 40 years. reducing risk of myopia is easy, free and readily-available.
a woman on average loses $431,000 in pay over the course of a 40-year career. merely closing the gender wage gap would pull half of working single moms out of poverty.
two tsa screeners have been fired after a scheme to grope attractive men at a Denver airport, police say. the male TSA officer used his hands to touch the passenger's front groin area and buttocks, police say.
a federal judge has approved revised training materials for new cadets. they include directives to "not tell or tolerate ethnic, racial or sexist jokes" they also instruct new cadets "not to use terms or words that devalue groups of people"
president hassan rouhani says he's neither in favor nor against a final nuclear deal. he says he has "never been optimistic" about talks with the united states.
"this is what we warned Baghdad of what's going to happen," politician says. "just Allah knows if we will survive this," he says.
dozens of americans are caught in the crossfire of warring parties in Yemen. the u.s. has said it is too dangerous for them to directly evacuate americans. "we ran out of money, we ran out of food," one woman says.
the faa issues a certificate certifying a pilot's ability to fly into restricted airspace. the faa says the SFRA airspace was developed after the 9/11 terrorist attacks.
scientists say new research seems to support the theory that what looks like a bone-dry red planet during the day could be dotted with tiny puddles of salty water at night. researchers aren't saying they've seen direct evidence of brine hiding out in the martian night. but they say the new study does seem to bear the theory out.
china's biggest auto show opens in Shanghai this week. only models on display will be those with four wheels. show comes at a turning point for china's auto market.
a new security order gives sweeping powers to the ruling military junta. critics say the move marks the country's "deepening descent into dictatorship"
"the late show with David Letterman" announced some of the guests. the last "Late Show" will air on may 20.
the fight took place in the food court area of Resorts World Casino. approximately 300 people were still at the scene when police arrived.
the $16 million Mary Harvin Transformation Center went up in flames after Freddie gray's funeral. the project was to include about 60 senior citizen apartments and a community center. the cause of the blaze was still under investigation.
american decision to stand behind the Saudi attack on Yemen can best be described as misguided. the kingdom's real motives seem clear if one looks at its history of not allowing regional competition of any kind.
about one-third of the migrants are from Eritrea on the east coast of Africa. many others have died when smugglers' ships sink.
at least 17 people have been killed in the avalanche that smashed into Everest Base Camp. dozens of climbers have been injured and several are missing. a series of aftershocks sent snow and rocks thundering down the mountainside.
"they got it wrong," Aaron Hernandez says as he is sentenced to life without parole. "the day I laid my son Odin to rest, I think my heart stopped beating for a moment," his mother says.
"they actually spit on me and my service dog as well," wounded veteran says. "there is no doubt that some of our members engaged in ugly and unacceptable behavior," fraternity says.
"it takes a village to raise a triathlete," triathlete says. "i was not very diligent in getting all of my training done," she says.
the initial picture shows a couple of orange-tinged blobs of Pluto and its largest moon, Charon. but the probe will soon be beaming back much sharper images and a wealth of other information. "we're going to turn points of light into a planet and a system of moons before your eyes," scientist says.
70 years ago, the Chicago Daily News was strictly limited in the hours it could publish. the city editor and assistant city editor had felt comfortable leaving their desks. the ap used the "candlestick" telephone to alert editors to major news events.
the brutality of ISIS, the self-anointed Islamic State, or Boko Haram, is familiar. but the jihadi chiefs have a strategy beyond the battlefield. their treatment of their female victims plays an important part in their radical strategy.
methyl bromide is banned from indoor use and is only approved as an agricultural pesticide. local authorities say methyl bromide was used at least twice at the gated Sirenusa resort.
the Altamura Man became the oldest Neanderthal to have his DNA extracted. he fell into a well 150,000 years ago, then died in the caverns at its bottom of thirst or hunger.
cnn's john sutter explores the threat posed by the Islamic State of Iraq and Syria. sutter: ISIS is clearly about religion, but it is also about power.
the exact timing of the Cuba trip wasn't immediately released. the Vatican said the pope would stop in Cuba before his planned late September stops.
john avlon: if she wins two terms, 28 will have a Clinton or a Bush in the white house. avlon: she is by far the best-known presidential candidate across both parties.
"Roots," the epic miniseries about an African-American slave and his descendants, had a staggering audience of over 100 million viewers back in 1977. leVar Burton, who portrayed Kinte in the original, will co-executive produce the new version. producers will consult scholars in African and African-American history for added authenticity.
john avlon: we set Baltimore on fire, looted, threw stones at citizens. avlon: "we" is one of the great american words. we the People. Yes we can. we are family.
the "true cross" is a powerful identifier for the faith of more than two billion people. to say something smacks of the "true cross" can mean it's a matter of divine certainty or of utter fraud.
teams are scouring the depths of a remote part of the southern Indian ocean. they've covered about 60% of the priority search zone.
"we shut down not out of fear, but for solidarity," co-owner Amanda Rothschild says. "there was some fear, but it was really mixed in with an overwhelming sense that everyone here needs help," she says.
DC Entertainment, Warner Bros. and Mattel announce a partnership to launch DC Super Hero Girls. the characters involved include Wonder Woman, Supergirl, Batgirl, Harley Quinn and Poison Ivy.
five years after the BP oil rig disaster, it's time to ask ourselves: what have we learned? "out of sight, out of mind" doesn't apply in the communities of the Gulf coast states.
gene seymour: Henry Louis Gates is accused of scrubbing part of his "Finding Your Roots" segment. he says the actor put pressure on him because it would have aired his family's dirty laundry. seymour: why did he agree to do a tv show if he was concerned about what might be discovered?
a white police officer claims he feared for his life and is justified in killing an unarmed black man. a predominantly black community seethes with rage because it knows that an injustice was done.
the low-key video she released announcing her run for the white house is filled with women. "i'm getting ready to do something, too. I'm running for president," she says in the video.
a top al Qaeda in the Arabian Peninsula leader was among five killed in an airstrike. he was killed in what AQAP's media wing, al-Malahem Media, called a "crusader airstrike"
"we live in an America now where the game is rigged," Warren says. "i really want to give everybody who gets in this race a chance to get out there," she says.
john avlon: the whole nation saw beautiful Baltimore at its worst. avlon: those who caused destruction on Monday had little to do with Freddie Gray protests.
seven minutes after 911 call, suspect surrenders to police, a dozen bodies allegedly in his wake. jurors will examine those seven minutes in a trial that experts say could last months.
spaceX will launch a two-stage Falcon 9 rocket carrying an uncrewed cargo spacecraft. the bottom stage of the rocket will carry the Dragon into orbit and then break away from the cargo ship. the space station crew will spend about five weeks unpacking the Dragon.
cnn's nina dos santos traveled from djibouti to aden on a wooden vessel. the vessel was called Mecca — after the holy city. crowds shoved and shouted: "Where are you going?" "I'll pay, I'll pay"
gas station owner jamal al-Labani was killed in a mortar attack in aden. he is believed to be the first u.s. citizen killed in the current violence in the country. more than 200 people have been killed in the past 11 days.
the issue of same-sex marriage comes before the court on Tuesday. john avlon: justices practice politics as much as law. avlon: justices have imperfect instincts when it comes to measuring public attitudes.
"i would have done anything to get to Europe," says a Syrian smuggler. "i met a Syrian guy in a hotel in Mersin, a port city on the southern border" smuggling is a long-term business, and the Syrian conflict isn't ending anytime soon.
"sanctions are sanctions," says Russian president Vladimir Putin. he predicts the sanctions will not end soon. critics of the Kremlin slam the event as Russia's imitation of democracy in action.
ice cream, yogurt, sherbet and other frozen treats sold in 23 states could be contaminated. three people in Kansas have died in the past year and 10 people in four states have fallen ill.
talk show host mehmet Oz defends himself against doctors who call his faculty position unacceptable. doctors accuse him of "manifesting an egregious lack of integrity" in his work.
the crash occurred at 3:30 p.m. at the Exotic Driving Experience. the 36-year-old passenger, Gary Terry, was pronounced dead at the scene. the driver, 24-year-old Tavon Watson, lost control of the vehicle.
eighteen-month-old twins drown after their mother tried to fend off a bee. the stroller rolled into a canal in Yuma, ariz., police say.
tornadoes touched down near Dallas on sunday. there have been no reports of deaths.
pro-democracy legislators have already sworn to veto a proposed election proposal. if approved, candidates would have to be approved by a mostly pro-China committee. the city has become increasingly polarized over the last few years.
australia recalls its ambassador to Indonesia for consultations. two australians among eight drug smugglers executed by firing squad. australian prime minister calls executions "cruel and unnecessary"
toya graham: a video of her yanking her son from a riot went viral. graham: we need more mothers like her to help steer their kids through adolescence.
"it is a good deal, a deal that meets our core objectives," president Obama says. "if Iran cheats," he says, "the world will know it," he says.
cnn's ireport boot camp challenges ireporters to read the bible from cover to cover. this week's topic is the book of Genesis, chapters 1-11.
defector Lee Min-bok is sending thousands of copies across the border from south to north. he is determined his people will see the movie in which the leader is assassinated. "the regime hates this film because it shows Kim Jong Un as a man, not a God," says Lee.
two of the teens, 18 and 19, have been released "pending further inquiries," police say. the suspects planned to attack during a major national commemoration in a week. police distanced the suspects from any ethnic connection.
a suicide bomber detonates his explosives near a group of protesters in eastern Afghanistan. an Afghan lawmaker was among the 64 people wounded, police say.
conor McDonnell is the self-taught photographer behind Instagram's most liked photo. the 23-year-old has had a breakneck rise to success since his first Instagram post in 2011. he shares his five top tips for anyone who wants to grow their Instagram fan base.
officer who ran his car into an armed suspect with his patrol car told investigators he thought he was too far to take a shot at the man. officer Michael Rapiejko told investigators he thought he was too far to take a shot at the man.
the James Webb Space Telescope (JWST) is intended as the successor to the Hubble instrument. it's scheduled to launch in October 2018 on an Ariane 5 rocket from french Guiana. the telescope requires a huge mirror and a golf ball of gold to optimize it for infra-red light.
a tiny, 7 square-kilometer parcel of land abuts the Danube on the border between Serbia and Croatia. it is the victim of a border dispute between Serbia and Croatia, effectively a no-man's land. euroskeptic Czech politician Vit Jedlicka planted his newly-designed yellow and black flag in the territory.
the spirit of Lincoln's second inaugural was self-evident on April 9, 1865. Gen. Robert E. Lee dramatically surrendered his troops to Union general Ulysses S. Grant.
"transgender" is an umbrella term for people whose physical appearance has become more feminine. "we are at a social inflection point on transgender issues," says a former transgender activist.
a microscopic polymer statue by south african sculptor Jonty Hurwitz, entitled Trust, measured just 1/100th of a centimeter. the 45-year-old's "Nano-sculptures" are made from a mysterious resin -- "a big scientific secret," says Hurwitz.
nearly 10,000 migrants have arrived on italian shores since the weekend. many are from sub-Saharan africa.
the character of Iceman is perhaps best known for his appearances in many of the "X-Men" films. in the "All-New X-Men" storyline, members of the X-Men team travel to the past.
a majority, 53%, favor its legalization, with 77% supporting it for medical purposes. support for legalization has risen 11 points in the past few years alone. a police officer in Michigan is part of the revolution, as are the editors of the medical journal.
fireball is the fastest-growing big brand of liquor in the u.s. retail sales more than doubled last year. it has dethroned Jagermeister as America's party shot of choice.
a 17-year-old girl's 4-month-old infant was taken to a hospital in suburban las vegas. a search warrant was served at the family's home a day later. the teen mother was arrested on one count of child abuse with substantial bodily harm.
at 42, Sudan is old and may not be able to naturally mount and mate with a female. he has a low sperm count, which complicates natural and scientific efforts.
death toll rises to 3,218; india, china, india report 56 deaths. thousands wander streets of Kathmandu, capital city of 3 million people.
20 suspected red sandalwood smugglers were killed by police in southeastern india. amnesty international calls for an independent investigation of the killings. a police official declines comment, saying an "investigation is still going on"
defense and prosecution make closing arguments in the case on Monday. "the defendant brought terrorism into the backyards and main streets," prosecutor says. "he wanted to punish America for what it was doing to his people," prosecutor says.
prosecutors release video of the shooting of a police officer last month. the officer wounded, John Moynihan, is white. the gunman, angelo west, was black.
deputy who shot and killed a man instead of using his Taser now faces a manslaughter charge. video shows reserve Deputy Robert Bates announcing he is going to deploy his Taser. "it was an accident of misfortune that occurred while Deputy Bates was fulfilling his duties," attorney says.
the original group of 105 people left Libya on Tuesday in a rubber boat. sometime during the trip, the alleged assailants threw the 12 overboard. the 12 who died were from Nigeria and Ghana, police say.
an officer drove his car into a suspect with a rifle in marana, a half hour from Tucson. the suspect, 36-year-old Mario Valencia, survived and was hospitalized before being charged.
"sunday was the worst day I ever lived in my whole entire life," family friend says. "he was trying to hold his brother up," family friend tells cnn affiliate WITI. a 2-year-old boy dies after being hit by a van, police say.
officer who intentionally slammed his car into an armed suspect previously faced a lawsuit. officer Michael Rapiejko was with the new york police department from 2003 to 2006. the suit was filed by a man who alleged that Rapiejko pointed a gun and threatened to shoot him.
a shipwreck off the coast of Italy may have killed hundreds of migrants. authorities still don't know the fate of many of the passengers, including children. a rescue operation is still underway for people who were on the ship from Libya.
a reserve deputy "inadvertently" shot a suspect with his firearm rather than his stun gun. another deputy can be heard cursing at the suspect after he was shot. police are trained to "double-tap" when firing their handguns, an investigator says.
the shootings in Ferguson and North Charleston bear only mild resemblance. the lessons learned from both cases could help mend tensions in the future.
two immigrants and three south africans were killed in clashes in Durban. about 8,500 people fled to refugee centers or police stations this week.
Freddie gray died one week after his arrest in vineland, new jersey. it's not clear how he suffered the spinal cord injury.
"all black ppl should rise up and shoot at every white cop in the nation starting NOW," she wrote. the post was removed a day later, just before Dickens was arrested.
in 1942, the unguarded SS City of Cairo was sunk by a german U-boat. it was carrying 296 civilians and cargo that included 100 tons of silver. the sinking went undiscovered until 2011 when deep ocean search went looking for it.
jury selection started in January with 9,000 potential jurors. opening statements in the trial are scheduled to begin on April 27. the one-time neuroscience doctoral student faces 165 counts.
a ticket at ringside will cost you $180,000 -- a knockout price which might have you seeing stars. the most expensive seat on sale through the StubHub website, was retailing for a mammoth $128,705.
two pieces of audio recorded in the immediate aftermath of a deadly police shooting in south Carolina emerge. the voice of former officer Michael Slager can be heard in both recordings. if convicted of murder, the former officer faces up to life in prison or the death penalty.
the court agreed with a circuit court ruling that method of insemination didn't come from medical technology. it agreed with a circuit court ruling that method of insemination didn't encompass a kitchen implement.
jurors haven't reached a verdict yet in the bombing trial of dzhokhar tsarnaev. the 21-year-old accused bomber faces life in prison or the death penalty. prosecutors played a video that showed the scene after a bomb exploded.
police release names of six officers suspended with pay. Freddie gray died of a spinal injury on sunday.
a teacher at a Denver elementary school asks students to share their wishes with her. the students can write their names on their notes or remain anonymous.
police chief says he was "sickened" by what he saw. "we can't get into the brain of another individual, so we can't state that," the Scott family attorney says. "we can't get into the brain of another individual, so we can't state that," he says.
the university of Nebraska at Omaha is getting a new $81.6 million stadium. a taco shop has teamed up with the university to shoot tacos into the stands at sporting events.
a maglev train hit 603 kilometers per hour (374 miles per hour) on an experimental track in Yamanashi. a spokesperson said the train spent 10.8 seconds traveling above 600 kilometers per hour.
dujardin and Valegro win their second consecutive Reem Acra FEI world cup dressage title in Las Vegas. dujardin says she is "living the dream" as she cements her status as a dressage legend.
the world's leading showjumping and dressage horses have reached Las Vegas for the world cup finals. the venue is the Thomas & Mack Center, a stone's throw from the strip. organizers believe more than 80,000 fans will attend this week's event.
Ronen Ziv's unborn baby is due this week in Kathmandu. he had tickets to travel to Nepal for his child's birth from a surrogate mother.
yong soo Lee, 16, was kidnapped and sexually enslaved by the japanese during wwii. japan's prime minister has an opportunity to do right by these women.
guitars over guns pairs middle-school students with professional musicians. since 2008, his nonprofit has worked with more than 225 students in Miami-Dade County. "when i started playing music it really gave me a sense of identity," says Chad Bernstein.
two CNN Heroes are among the earthquake survivors in Kathmandu, Nepal. all of the children have been sleeping outdoors because of aftershocks. the public has been warned not to use the main water line due to risk of cholera.
nearly 12 million parents in the u.s. are raising kids on their own. single parents face a devastating illness such as cancer. singleton moms has provided practical, financial and emotional support to more than 300 parents.
john avlon: it's time to call this persistent meme what it is: a misleading, hyperbolic distraction. avlon: mainstream media continues to pit minority groups against one another.
the 21-year-old golfer equals Tiger Woods' 1997 record winning score of 18 under par. "i miss her a lot, and I wish she could have been here," he tells cnn. "she's the funniest part of our family," he says of his autistic sister.
"he's got very strong constitution and (is strong) not only physically, but spiritually," Frank Jordan says. "i thought I lost you," the relieved father tells cnn.
in 2003, less than 30% of religiously affiliated Americans supported same-sex marriage. by 2014, that number had climbed to 47%, according to a poll by the public religion research institute.
john avlon: governor's action is a step toward reforming the state's water distribution system. avlon: lack of clean fresh water is a serious problem in much of the world.
in the united states, almost 42 million adults have been married more than once. that's up from 22 million in 1980 and 14 million in 1960.
anthony Sideri began using drugs on a daily basis at age 25. by 2005, he had been snorting heroin daily for two years. "it didn't seem like the heroin I grew up knowing about," he says.
as many as 1,600 people have died in the past 10 days in the Mediterranean. migrant crisis that has drawn hundreds of journalists to Sicily has been brewing for years.
mission controllers confirm the probe slammed into the surface of Mercury at 3:26 p.m. eDT. the probe was healthy when it crashed, but was out of fuel.
"there is more seismic activity... and we think there will be more activity today," geologist says. the volcano has already erupted twice this week, spewing ash to a depth of about 2312 inches.
Erica Kinsman alleges sexual battery, false imprisonment and intentional infliction of emotional distress. Winston has said the sex was consensual. "this stunt was expected," says Winston's attorney.
a few years ago, the Calabrese was on the lookout for "contrabandisti," smugglers trafficking in cigarettes and drugs. it has been the first point of entry to Europe for tens of thousands of migrants from Africa and the middle east. in recent years, its 12-man crew has joined the effort to rescue migrants coming from Africa and the Middle East.
a lawmaker says he was given the information by the south Korean national intelligence service. the nature of the intelligence supporting the allegations is not immediately clear.
the singer did not divulge the nature or severity of the cancer. "i'd like to keep the details of her condition and treatment plans private," she said.
two people are detained for disorderly conduct and destruction of property. protesters scuffle with police on the streets of Baltimore.
bikram Choudhury is accused of sexual assault by six of his former students. he says he never assaulted anyone and wants to set the record straight. he says he feels sorry for his accusers, claiming they've been manipulated.
Xi Jinping and Narendra Modi are two dynamic leaders at the helm of the world's two most populous nations. while india is out to put its economy on the fast track, china's economy is slowing after over 25 years of breakneck growth.
the "smart bullets" passed their most successful round of live-fire tests to date. the system has been developed by DARPA's Extreme Accuracy Tasked Ordnance program.
"sarah courageously stepped up after Jim was shot," her family says. she was involved in gun violence prevention for the past 30 years.
"the way America changed after 9/11 is the way Kenya will change after Garissa," he says. "we shall relocate them ourselves," he says.
greenpeace activists climb aboard a Shell oil rig to protest plans to drill in the Arctic. the rig, the Polar Pioneer, is on its way to the Arctic via Seattle.
a few would-be questions released ahead of the event give us a flavor of what's on Russia's mind. a few would-be questions show how concerned ordinary Russians are about their country's place in the world.
a school in southwestern yemen was hit by airstrikes targeting a military base. the school was not the main target, but it was heavily damaged, officials say.
al-Douri was the highest-ranking member of the regime to evade capture. he was also a man thought to have led the post-Hussein sunni extremist group Naqshbandi Army.
the Solar Impulse 2 is an experimental plane attempting to fly around the world without using a drop of fuel. it's been grounded by the weather in china for two-and-a-half weeks. a takeoff was canceled because cross winds in Nanjing were too strong around its expected landing time.
ISIS documents give a window into the bureaucracy of the self-declared caliphate. last summer, ISIS fighters swept through the Iraqi city of Mosul.
wei tingting, Wang man, Zheng Churan, Li Tingting and Wu Rongrong are released on bail. they were picked up by police in three different cities just before march 8. they had been planning a campaign against sexual harassment on public transportation.
a student who was accused of rape is suing the school for allowing his accuser to publicly brand him a "serial rapist" the suit alleges the defendants violated Nungesser's right to an education free of gender-based discrimination.
president Obama and his Cuban counterpart, Raul Castro, met at the summit of the americas. the two nations have barely been on speaking terms -- officially -- for more than 50 years. the two leaders are expected to spend a lot more time together on Saturday.
"he's physically OK, not injured. he's safe in there," his lawyer says. "the last thing he wanted was any more violence," his lawyer says. the incident unfolded live on CNN about 40 minutes after a curfew went into effect.
the people of Nepal are still trying to recover from two major earthquakes and a mudslide. there is something you can do to make an impact.
SpaceX launches a two-stage rocket carrying an uncrewed cargo spacecraft called Dragon. the rocket will carry the Dragon into orbit and then break away from the cargo ship. the space station crew will spend about five weeks unpacking the Dragon.
supreme court justices appear divided during historic arguments over gay marriage. questions centered around the definition of marriage and whether the decision should be left to voters in individual states.
Freddie gray was arrested on a weapons charge in a high-crime area of Baltimore. he "gave up without the use of force," a Baltimore Deputy police commissioner says. "when Mr. Gray was taken out of that van, he could not talk, and he could not breathe"
Boko Haram has killed thousands in the nation's northeast. the militants have attacked relentlessly for six years.
a motorist who was bloodied during a traffic stop was cleared of all charges. the officer who arrested him is charged with assault and mistreatment of a prisoner. the community's police chief has stepped down.
u.s. must rethink the role of manned submarines and prioritize new underwater detection techniques. concerns that china could match U.S. underwater capabilities in the near future has encouraged the development of an unmanned drone ship.
Grass died in a clinic in the city of Luebeck, where he was taken over the weekend. he was best known around the world for his novel "the Tin Drum"
"one of the officers told me to stop, but it was because I (said) that what they did it was an abuse," he says. "mr. Scott never tried to fight," he says.
magnitude-7.8 quake near capital of more than 1 million people flattened homes, buildings and temples. quake was strongest in the region in more than 80 years.
a former school principal says he paid for sex with more than 12,000 women. he says he photographed an obscene act with a girl of 13 or 14 and produced pornography. police seize 147,600 photos he took of his activities over the years.
pappy van winkle, one of the rarest and most expensive bourbons in the world, was reported missing in 2013. a grand jury indicted nine members of a criminal syndicate that collaborated to promote or engage in the theft. of the nine named, two worked at Frankfort's Buffalo Trace and one worked at Wild Turkey.
police estimate that 275,000 demonstrators marched in Sao Paulo. protesters chant "Out with Dilma" and "Time for change"
Freddie gray was not buckled in as he was transported to a police station, police say. a witness said the man was yelling and indicated he was having difficulty breathing. investigators are trying to learn more about Gray's condition at each of the three stops.
a non-profit company specializes in digital preservation of threatened ancient and historical architecture. the company is using groundbreaking laser scanning to ensure accurate digital versions of the world's treasures will stay with us forever.
people who live in the happiest countries have longer life expectancies and more social support. they also experience more generosity, have more freedom to make life choices and have lower perceptions of corruption. the tiny country of Bhutan gets the credit for focusing world attention on happiness.
"we might disagree on something today on which we could agree tomorrow," he says. "this is obviously an historic meeting," he says. but a key stumbling block remains unresolved, he says.
migrant deaths in the Mediterranean increase by a factor of 30 compared to the same time last year. eu has unveiled a new ten-point action plan to deter asylum seekers from making the risky journey. what would it mean if the EU did "get Australian" in its approach to asylum seekers?
a warden in volcanoes national park, rwanda, infiltrated poachers by disguising as a potential buyer for a baby gorilla. the mission was successful and the culprits were put to prison. he decided to quit the job and come up with an idea to help poachers make a living.
a video shows two groups of men, believed to be Ethiopian Christians, being executed. one group is beheaded on a beach along the Mediterranean sea. the other group is shot in southern Libya, hundreds of miles away.
Ernst Haas was one of the 20th century's great photojournalists and image-makers. he was also a regular on movie sets. some of his work is as famous as the movies he worked on.
record stores are a vanishing breed -- another victim of the digital age. corporate America has largely abandoned brick-and-mortar music retailing.
mohamed morsy was sentenced to 20 years in prison for the torture of protesters. he was acquitted of murder in the deaths of protesters.
obsidian can produce cutting edges many times finer than even the best steel scalpels. at 30 angstroms, an obsidian scalpel can rival diamond in the fineness of its edge. a small number of surgeons are using an ancient technology to carry out fine incisions.
many of the world's worst terrorist groups aim to create societies governed by strict, distorted versions of Sharia law. most victims of ISIS are fellow Muslims who refuse to go along with the ISIS worldview. there's ample evidence that Christians have been targeted.
a court sentenced 71 people to life in prison for their role in the burning of a Christian church. the church was one of at least 42 churches and many more businesses and homes targeted. two minors were sentenced to 10 years in prison and fined 10,000 Egyptian pounds.
a reserve sheriff's deputy pleaded not guilty to second-degree manslaughter. he is accused of fatally shooting a man he says he meant to subdue with a Taser.
"Killing Jesus," a NatGeo production rebroadcast Sunday on tv. "Finding Jesus" and "A.D." are rebroadcast on cnn.
"this is a heartbreaking tragedy for everyone in our community," mayor says. a man who was in Scott's car when officer pulled it over for a broken taillight is detained. the passenger was detained briefly after the shooting, police say.
fatu Kekula, 23, was single-handedly trying to save her Ebola-stricken family. a CNN story about her in September prompted donations from around the world. "it's a surprise -- a young child like me who came from a very poor background," she says.
dash cam video shows an initial traffic stop and early interactions between the officer and Scott. the footage does not show the actual shooting. attorney for the family says the shooting was "completely unjustified"
"it's been a really rough day," a hiker tells cnn. "it's been a really rough day," his wife says.
hospital gowns are among the most vexing parts of being in the hospital. a trend among hospitals to improve the patient reviews and their own bottom lines. the cms increasingly factors patients' satisfaction into its quality measures.
Shelby Offrink was diagnosed with intramedullary glioblastoma, a highly aggressive form of brain cancer. after a week of treatment, Shelby suddenly lost feeling in her legs. Shelby nicknamed her tumors and decided to "terminate" them.
laser is a cleaner version of cloud seeding, a form of weather modification. it can create new clouds where there are none, by inducing condensation. the technology is still in its infancy, but once it's perfected, it could help us modulate the weather.
the body of Odin Lloyd was found more than 22 months ago. he had been shot seven times near a pile of construction waste. a jury found him guilty of first-degree murder.
"it doesn't matter what anyone says, he is presumed to be innocent," cardiologist's attorney says. cardiologist, 54, pleads not guilty to conspiracy, burglary, arson, prescription sale, weapons charges. two other men -- identified as James Chmela, 43, and James Kalamaras, 41 -- plead not guilty.
most of those released were women and children; the rest were ill or elderly. it wasn't immediately clear what motivated Wednesday's release.
at least 25 people have been detained since January. it's a sign that complicated, manpower-intensive investigations are finally being completed.
protesters get into shoving matches with helmeted cops, throw objects. at least five police cars were damaged by people who smashed windows and jumped on them. mayor Stephanie Rawlings-Blake said she was profoundly disappointed by the violence.
21-year-old Jackson Gordon is an industrial design student at Philadelphia university. he has a full suit of armor plating, cape and cowl -- matte black and built to stop a knife. he says his calling came five years ago when he began experimenting with cosplay.
eight of Mary Jane Veloso's fellow death row inmates were put to death by firing squad. "we are so happy, so happy. I thought I had lost my daughter already but God is so good," her mother says.
the charges include assault of a police officer, robbery, resisting police, disobedience to lawful orders, and interference. in new york, about 500 protesters gathered in the middle of H Street and 7th and chanted "all night, all day, we're gonna fight for Freddie Gray"
Zuriel Oduwole is often described as "the world's youngest filmmaker" age 12, she already has four documentaries under her belt. "A Promising Africa" is the first in an ongoing series.
assyrians belong to the rapidly dwindling Christian population of northern Iraq. many see the fight with ISIS as a final battle for survival against the Islamists.
typhoon maysak is moving west-northwest after skirting the Federated States of Micronesia. its eye is projected to make landfall in the central or northern part of the Philippine island of Luzon on Sunday.
replica of 18th century french frigate set sail for virginia to retrace a journey through american history. in 1780, the original was assigned to a french nobleman who fought in the war of independence.
questions have arisen about the identity of the girl who helped perform a craniotomy in a makeshift operating room on a young patient. the girl's skull was fractured when a massive earthquake shook her neighborhood on saturday. "she was badly crushed. the roof of the house was on her," her grandfather says.
the earthquake has killed more than 1,800 people. the death toll is expected to rise. a doctor in the outskirts of Kathmandu pleads for engineers to come to his hospital.
the FBI says it will investigate whether civil rights were violated during the beating. the suspect allegedly fled by car, foot and horseback when officers tried to arrest him. 10 deputies have been put on paid administrative leave.
Nepal relies on only one international airport to receive and deliver aid. tarmac at tribhuvan international airport remains jam-packed with cargo planes. incoming flights have circled in the air several times before being able to land.
rescuers in Nepal pull man from wreckage of building where he was stuck for 82 hours. experts say it's rare for injured people who are trapped to hold out for longer than 72 hours.
"our human family has lived through three massive and unprecedented tragedies," pope says. "the first, which is widely considered 'the first genocide of the 20th century,' struck your own Armenian people," he says.
a total of 47 bodies have been exhumed from two of the 11 mass graves discovered in Tikrit. grieving Iraqis, apparently not related to the soldiers, gathered to pray over the bodies. there may be eight mass graves inside the presidential palace complex.
more than 100 people are arrested in new york during a "NYC Rise Up & Shut It Down With Baltimore" rally. "we're not giving up on them. we're just going to follow up," police commissioner says.
cystic fibrosis patients shouldn't meet face-to-face because they can share infections. "i left the decision about whether we should meet up completely up to Katie," he says.
noelle Velentzas, 28, and her former roommate, Asia Siddiqui, 31, face life in prison. they are accused of planning to build an explosive device for attacks in the united states. if convicted, the women face a maximum sentence of life in prison.
police chief: "i was sickened by what i saw and i have not watched it since" "the officer said that Walter ran from the vehicle during the traffic stop," attorney says. "the officer said that Walter ran from the vehicle during the traffic stop," attorney says.
two africa-american candidates won their wards to make the six-member council 50% black. the city's population of about 21,000 is 70% black, but the city council is predominantly white. supporters of both candidates say they did not see their victories from a racial perspective.
Yarmouk refugee camp in southern Damascus has been seized by ISIS, activists report. the u.n. says 18,000 civilians remain trapped in the camp. barrel bombs were dropped on the camp on sunday.
30,000 cases of hummus are being recalled. the recall is voluntary. no illnesses have been reported.
"running from an officer doesn't result in the death penalty," his lawyer says. "we just couldn't believe it," his brother says of his brother's death. "we just couldn't believe it," his brother says.
the plus-size clothing retailer has launched an ad campaign for its Cacique line. the campaign is a dig at Victoria's Secret and its very popular Angels line.
many clouds wins the grand national by a length and a half. the 25-1 outsider was ridden by jockey leighton aspell. AP McCoy announced last week he would retire if he won the race.
the sewol sank on April 16, killing 304 people, mostly high school students. "we kept waiting with belief in finding our daughter," says park Eun-mi.
al-Shabaab militants have launched a series of deadly attacks over the last few years. many of the math and science teachers in northern Kenya are Christian. in early April, al-Shabaab brutally massacred 147 people at Garissa University.
an unidentified male walked through a public area on the west front of the capitol and shot himself. dozens of shocked onlookers watched, including some young children.
at least three people were shot in separate incidents in Ferguson, Missouri. two people were shot in the neck and another was shot in the leg.
"Furious 7" filmmakers hired a Lockheed C-130 Hercules to fly five cars 12,000 feet high. the stunt posed unique logistical challenges, stunt coordinator says.
john avlon: we've long called Hillary Clinton by her first name, and her first name only. avlon: being president of the united states is a serious job.
"Galaxy Quest" is the latest movie to be adapted for the small screen. "School of Rock" will debut on Nickelodeon later this year.
blackwater sniper Nicholas Slatten is sentenced to life in prison. three others are sentenced to 30 years each, plus one day. a 2007 mass shooting in baghdad left 17 people dead.
officers John Rogers and Andrew Hutchins won't face criminal prosecution in the case. they are still facing a wrongful death lawsuit from Harrison's family. the incident occurred in June, and Harrison's family filed a lawsuit in November.
the international committee of the red cross says more people will die if not tended to soon. a pause is needed especially in and near the southern Yemeni port city of Aden. residents of Sanaa, witnessed the fiercest Saudi strikes since the air assault started last week.
the stress of living in a war zone shows on the faces of the 188 evacuees. some evacuees are already fast asleep, exhausted by the push to get out of Yemen.
at least 147 people were slaughtered at a college in garissa, kenya, on tuesday. investigators marked the locations of the bodies with numbered tags before sending them off to morgues.
"strong indications of life beyond Earth within a decade," scientist says. "we're going to have definitive evidence within 20 to 30 years," she says.
the new south china mall is the biggest shopping mall in the world. opened to the public in 2005, the mall has been an embarrassment for its owners and China. the mall spans five million square feet of shopping area, making it the largest in the world.
the northern Ramadi districts were in the hands of ISIS by the time the day was done. ISIS took over parts of that western Anbar city in the first half of 2014.
two australian drug smugglers, part of the so-called "Bali Nine," are waiting to learn whether they will be put to death. an Indonesian court rejected a last ditch effort to gain clemency from president joko widodo on Monday.
"i just get this overwhelming sense of -- they call it impending doom," says Brynn Duncan. "when you're allergic to life, a near-death experience is no big deal," she says.
kids are being used by Boko Haram as combatants, cooks, and lookouts, UNICEF says. "they have the right to get their childhoods back," the agency says.
a 911 caller made a threat to blow up the statue, which led to its evacuation. the bomb squad found a locker thought to contain a suspicious package empty.
a 2014 poll found 51% of americans favored legalizing marijuana. but 23 states still prohibit marijuana outright. "somebody is going to become a mogul," says Brian Rogers.
u.s. military trainers are bouncing between multi-million dollar, high security bases. they will all be inside the u.s. Embassy by the end of next year, making these weeks their last outside of the wire.
hundreds of thousands of Brazilians are taking to the streets in protests across the country. demonstrators have called for the President to be impeached. on the other side of the country, Rousseff's base is holding rallies in her support.
the city of Tikrit was liberated from ISIL on Wednesday. officials fear the militiamen might take "scorched earth" reprisals.
"i apologize. I sincerely apologize," detective Patrick cherry tells WNBC's Jonathan Dienst. "i was just angry, at that moment," he says.
a drone carrying traces of a radioactive material was found on the roof of the white house. the discovery comes on the same day a court approved a government plan to restart two reactors. prime minister Shinzo abe's push to restart the reactors is unpopular among many Japanese.
UltraHaptics creates tactile three-dimensional shapes out of thin air, using ultrasound. through an emission of sound waves, sensations are projected through the air and to the user. paired with another rising technology it has the potential to become a game changer.
"i have never read the Bible from Genesis to Revelation," says Laura Bernardini. "i have committed to training regimens for 5Ks and countless diets," she says.
this year the company was a day early to the party, rolling out the Pac-Man game Tuesday. it's easy to pull up Google Maps on your desktop browser, click on the Pac-Man icon.
"it doesn't really open the debate up on some of the more current issues," sen. rick santorum says. "tolerance is a two-way street," santorum says.
the app aims to "arouse enthusiasm" for socialist ideologies. it features the latest news about Xi and allows users to access traditional texts that he quotes from. it's unclear how many people have downloaded the app.
"downward spiral: inside the case against Aaron Hernandez" airs tonight at 9 p.m. et.
"Joni was found unconscious in her home (tuesday) afternoon," a spokesman says. she regained consciousness on the ambulance ride to an L.A. area hospital.
low-wage workers have been the hardest hit since the onset of the financial crisis. congress should help low-wage workers gain access to predictable work schedules.
147 people were killed in a terrorist attack at a university in garissa, kenya, on tuesday. the al-shabaab militant group claimed responsibility. a vigil was held to remember the victims.
"the survival of Israel is non-negotiable," prime minister Benjamin Netanyahu says. he has lobbied hard for a deal that dismantles and disassembles Iran's nuclear infrastructure.
two passengers were found dead inside their stateroom on the ms Ryndam. "the cabin was immediately secured, and the authorities were notified, including the FBI," the cruise line says.
147 people were killed when al-shabaab opened fire at a college campus in garissa. many are saying security is still not tight enough. the idea of building a wall is somewhat grandiose, since the border runs some 700 kilometers.
an experienced climbing group from the Indian army plans to trek up the 8,850-meter mountain. the 34-member team plans to depart for Kathmandu on Saturday and start the ascent in mid-may. the upcoming trip marks the 50th anniversary of the first Indian team to scale the mountain.
tornadoes, fierce winds and severe thunderstorms with large hail are predicted for the Midwest and for the Plains. "tornadoes can be more deadly when people are sleeping and not paying attention to the warnings," a meteorologist says.
tornadoes, fierce winds and severe thunderstorms with large hail are predicted for the Midwest and for the Plains. "tornadoes can be more deadly when people are sleeping and not paying attention to the warnings," a meteorologist says.
"there is a third path. we can cooperate with the world," president hassan rouhani says. "we do not lie," he vows, vowing that Iran will stick to its word.
Regina Agyare is the founder of software development company soronko solutions. the non-profit organization supports 250 girls between the age of six and 18. it provides school funding to help the girls shape their own future.
"foster" is a catch-all code word designed to conceal the true intent of those offering up orphaned children. by the government's own admission, 8 million children are currently engaged in forced labor. by the government's own admission, Nigeria has the highest number of people in modern slavery of any sub-Saharan country.
al-Shabaab militants have killed 147 people at a college in garissa, kenya. the group is based in Somalia but hasn't confined its terrorism to there. a governor of the town says al-Shabaab is targeting non-muslims.
a florida judge denied a motion by two women to join a lawsuit against prince and lawyer. lawyer Alan dershowitz was accused of having sex with minors with help from billionaire Jeffrey Epstein.
the deadline to agree on the parameters for an endgame pact on Iran's nuclear program has come and gone. the good news? the sides are still talking.
experts are calling for enhanced crash avoidance software. it could take control of an aircraft away from a pilot and steer the plane to a safe altitude. the technology would work in a fashion similar to crash avoidance technology in automobiles.
more than 60 people were rescued from the chilly waters in Russia's far east. of the 132 people on board, 78 were Russians and 54 were foreign nationals from Myanmar, Ukraine, Lithuania and vanuatu.
"one of my absolute all-time heroes has just passed away," weird al" Yankovic writes. "Very sad to say that one of my absolute all-time heroes has just passed away," Yankovic writes.
frida ghitis: if people of good will come together, liberty and equality can both be saved. ghitis: it is a good thing for society to shape its laws in ways that allow people to live their lives.
"Furious 7" is expected to gross $115 million or more when opening at the North American box office this weekend. it is getting the widest release in Universal's history with a theater count of roughly 4,003.
"we don't have a picture with Lane in it," Sierra Sharry says. "that picture represents to us that he is always watching over us," Sharry says.
the religious freedom law in Indiana is being criticized as a cover for discrimination against gays and lesbians. the law extends the scope of religious protections to include private companies and cases where the government is not involved.
fans of "i Love Lucy" star Lucille Ball want her statue removed from a park in her hometown. the life-size bronze statue has been likened to conway twitty, the snake from "beetlejuice" and actor Steve Buscemi. a facebook group wants to replace the statue with a new one outside a planned comedy hall of fame.
for the first time in Nigeria's history, the opposition defeated the ruling party. this isn't Buhari's first time leading Nigeria, but it's his first in nearly 30 years.
the excitement came after a breakthrough nuclear deal with the united states. the deal promises to end Iran's international isolation under years of crippling sanctions.
a fourth man has been indicted in connection with a plot to provide material support to terrorists. three previously arrested men were charged with two counts of providing support to a foreign terrorist organization.
the third blood moon in a four-part series was the shortest eclipse of the bunch. the celestial body took on a burnt-orange tint in the minutes before, during and after the eclipse. "the lunar eclipse is looking good!" tweeted a meteorologist.
millions of Turks left confused and concerned by the worst power outage to grip the country in more than a decade. the mysterious collapse of much of the country's energy grid triggered a burst of wild conspiracy theories.
the McDonald's announcement that the company is going to raise starting wages for 90,000 of its employees is a significant victory for fast-food workers. the raise isn't nearly enough to make paying for groceries, rent and transportation much easier. it does nothing to help workers have a voice in determining workplace conditions.
"we're in a new era," governor says. the 25% cut in usage amounts to roughly 1.5 million acre-feet of water. agriculture uses about 80% of the state's developed water supply.
the polls close late Thursday evening, local time. the queen is officially Britain's head of state, but she's only nominally in charge.
this Holy Week, we are calling on Christians to reflect upon the crucifixion and resurrection of our Lord. hundreds of thousands of lives have been utterly destroyed in nations such as Iraq, Syria, Libya, Pakistan, India, Egypt, Kenya and Nigeria.
the emails were discovered during a justice department investigation of racial prejudice. police capt. Rick Henke and sgt. William Mudd resigned early last month. the city's top court clerk, Mary Ann Twitty, was fired in connection with the emails.
two people, one of them a licensed greyhound trainer, have been arrested in australia. at least 55 dog carcasses were found dumped in Queensland bush, according to reports. police minister: "people who have perpetrated this crime, to me, are oxygen thieves"
two years ago, Mike Premeau and Kathy Danke launched a small business in their Wisconsin town. but this week, people began mistaking them for Memories Pizza of Walkerton, Indiana. "all of a sudden, our Facebook page started getting flooded," premeau said.
the skeleton of a camel was found beneath a cellar in the city of Tulln in 2006-2007. it was thought to have been used by Ottoman troops besieging Vienna in the 17th century.
the oil tycoon's death "appears to be natural (causes) or an accident," a coroner's official says. a female friend is at the home where he died and is cooperating with investigators.
co-pilot Andreas Lubitz crashed germanwings flight 9525 into the french Alps on march 24. john sutter: we need to understand this malady as an illness and not a personal failing.
this page includes the show transcript. use the transcript to help students with reading comprehension and vocabulary. at the bottom of the page, comment for a chance to be mentioned on CNN Student News. you must be a teacher or a student age 13 or older to request a mention on the CNN Student News Roll Call.
"it's not a common name to have around your neck," sheriff says. "we have some ideas of where he went and how he ended up," sheriff says.
the 30-year-old prince is due to arrive in australia for a four-week stint with the armed forces. he will spend time with colleagues in the Australian army in a number of regiments.
two corrections officers and one former officer trainee are charged in a plot to kill a former inmate. the three men are now facing up to 30 years in jail if convicted on one count each of conspiracy to commit murder.
a roller-coaster series of talks wrapped up Thursday in Lausanne. a group of world powers reached a framework agreement with Iran over the country's nuclear program. but the talks this week were, nevertheless, historic, particularly for the otherwise frozen relationship.
an improvised bomb explodes near a U.N. vehicle traveling near the northeastern city of Garowe. four aid workers for the international children's agency UNICEF are killed. the terrorist group al-Shabaab claims responsibility for the attack.
the 30-year-old prince will spend four weeks with the country's military. he paid his respects at the Tomb of the Unknown Australian Soldier.
the deal is "an informal arrangement" with an emphasis on tracking Australians who go to Iraq to fight for ISIS. one australian lawmaker reportedly describes the move as "dancing with the devil"
the flight data recorder, or "black box," was found in a ravine in the french Alps. investigators believe co-pilot Andreas Lubitz acted deliberately to bring down the plane.
environmentalist group sea shepherd had been tailing the Thunder since its ship the Bob Barker encountered it in the southern ocean several months ago. the pursuit ended early Monday when the Bob Barker received a distress call from the ship. "we invited the crew -- 40 of them -- on board; they said the ship was sinking and they were abandoning the Thunder," spokesman says.
one-third of Huntley High's 2,700 students are enrolled in the blended learning program. students have the option of a flexible schedule during allotted blended learning days.
a military source says the strikes are not retribution for last week's massacre. two of the airstrikes hit al-Shabaab training camps, a Somali resident says.
the pope reminded the world of the Vatican's status as a state. he asked that bloodshed end in Iraq and Syria. he also asked that humanitarian aid get to those in need.
a rope noose was found near a student center at 2 a.m. on campus. the incident is one of several recent racist events to affect college students.
muhanad Mahmoud al farekh, 29, was deported from Pakistan to the united states. he's accused of plotting to fight against american forces abroad.
slain border guard identified as Cpl. Salman Ali Yahya al-Maliki. besides the slain border guard, 10 others suffered injuries that were not life-threatening. on Thursday, rebels seized the presidential palace in the southern Yemeni port city of Aden.
camel racing is an ancient tradition in the region. there will be 14 races through the afternoon. camels are racing for thousands of dollars in prize money.
the united states and Cuba are working to re-establish full diplomatic ties. but cases like Hill's present an obstacle to an improved relationship.
this page includes the show transcript. use the transcript to help students with reading comprehension and vocabulary. at the bottom of the page, comment for a chance to be mentioned on CNN Student News. you must be a teacher or a student age 13 or older to request a mention on the CNN Student News Roll Call.
this page includes the show transcript. use the transcript to help students with reading comprehension and vocabulary. at the bottom of the page, comment for a chance to be mentioned on CNN student news. you must be a teacher or a student age 13 or older to request a mention on the CNN Student News Roll Call. the weekly newsquiz tests students' knowledge of events in the news.
missao Okawa, the world's oldest person, has died at the age of 117. she left behind three children, four grandchildren and six great grandchildren.
documents obtained by CNN show the Missouri national guard used militarized words to describe protesters. "it's disturbing when you have what amounts to American soldiers viewing american citizens somehow as the enemy," an alderman says.
two suicide bombers detonate their car at the entrance of the building housing the education ministry. five gunmen then enter the building, shooting people inside, a spokesman says. the attack kills four soldiers and eight civilians.
Gregory Margolin, 87, was a 16-year-old Jewish recruit when he fought in the Soviet Red Army. he was a sniper who rose to be a commander in the army. this year, in Ukraine, he found himself again surrounded by war.
more than 200 schoolgirls have been abducted from their boarding school dormitories in northeastern Nigeria. a year ago, much of the world stood as one, rallying around the hashtag #BringBackOurGirls.
in two years, norway is slated to become the first in the world to phase out radio entirely. many in this nation of 5 million have already made the move. half the country already listens that way, says culture minister.
a new study suggests the Brontosaurus belongs to its own genera. a paleontologist at the Nova University of Lisbon, Portugal, led this latest study.
al Qaeda offers 20 kilograms of gold to anyone who kills or captures two prominent Shia opponents. AQAP referred to al-Houthi and Saleh as the "two heads of evil" about 1,000 people have already fled their homes during the two weeks of conflict.
"my flight is not a secret," the 61-year-old florida postal carrier wrote in an online post. "the purpose of it was to call attention to the United States concerning our campaign finance laws," his friend says.
officials launch investigation into deaths in rodrigo de freitas lagoon. they believe the latest rains caused a temperature change of the water. the excess of decaying organic matter would have led to a black of oxygen.
anthony Ray Hinton spent nearly 30 years on death row. he was convicted of killing two men but always said he was innocent.
david cameron, nick clegg, nick clegg, nick clegg, nick clegg, nick clegg, nick clegg, nick clegg, nick clegg, nick clegg, nick clegg, nick clegg, nick clegg, nick clegg, nick clegg, nick clegg, nick clegg, nick clegg, nick clegg
"just got served divorce papers" is an acceptable way for a woman to serve her husband with a summons. "he has also refused to make himself available to be served," court documents say.
the head anastomosis venture, or HEAVEN, is a surgically connecting two parts. italian physician has identified a 30-year-old Russian man as the first patient. he hopes to get a buy-in this summer when he presents his plan to the aanos.
teen heart transplant recipient dies after carjacking, shooting at elderly woman, police say. in 2013, his family said he was rejected for heart transplant surgery due to "history of non-compliance"
hundreds of students managed to escape the attack at garissa university college. four terrorists were killed and 15 hours later, the operation ended "successfully"
Freddie gray died in police custody 15 days ago after he was arrested on a weapons charge. his death sparked widespread outrage toward the Baltimore police department.
"the meatrix: relaunched" is an important benchmark in the evolution of the sustainable food movement. a decade ago, concepts like "sustainable farming" and "animal welfare" were considered fringe.
daan Swangard joined a lawsuit last month seeking to let doctors prescribe lethal medications. the lawsuit asks the court to protect physicians from liability if they prescribe lethal medications. "this could be my own issue a year from now," he says.
the special forces were on the ground in noncombat roles, a source says. they have helped parachute in weapons and communications equipment.
Mitchelle Angela Blair is charged with killing her daughter, 13, and her son, 9. the bodies were found wrapped in plastic inside a freezer on march 24.
world heavyweight boxing champion Wladimir Klitschko speaks to CNN from his training base in Miami. Klitschko is the reigning IBF, WBA, WBO and IBO champion. the 43-year-old has dominated the heavyweight division in the 21st century.
"it's showtime!" Michael Keaton hosts "saturday night live" for the third time. "beetlejuice" and "batman" cast members beg him to "play" Batman and Beetlejuice.
"it looks right now (like) somebody didn't do their job properly," sheriff says. "when the opportunity arose, he attacked the officer," sheriff says.
det. Ian Cyrus is accused of stealing $3,000 during an illegal cigarettes raid. a surveillance video appears to show him stashing cash in a bag.
thieves broke into a safe deposit box in the heart of the city over the past weekend. they reportedly got away with hundreds of thousands of pounds worth of gems and cash. one former police official estimates as much as 200 million pounds.
south africa marks the anniversary of the first post-apartheid elections held in 1994. "#WeAreAfrica" is showcasing the need for a common front against this affront.
ayatollah khomeini galvanized the nation, both his supporters and growing opponents, to fight against the enemy. like the war, Iran's defiance to halt its controversial nuclear program has defined Khameni's era.
global capitalism is a juggernaut, with the world economy now doubling every generation. untrammeled greed leads to massive fraud, mega-tax evasion, modern slavery.
the u.s. is too reliant on Russian technology to meet national security obligations. the u.s. should not be reliant on nonsecure foreign supply chains.
malala yousafzai releases an "open letter" to the girls. the 17-year-old Nobel peace prize winner survived an attack by the Taliban. she calls on the Nigerian government and the international community to do more.
troops deploy to suburb of jeppestown, where xenophobic violence broke out on friday. seven people have been killed in recent violence against poorer immigrants. the unemployment rate in south africa is 25%.
eight Iranian border guards have been killed in clashes with militants near the border with Pakistan. three militants were killed by Iranian forces in the fighting, state-run news agency IRNA reports.
Providenciales in the Turks and Caicos is TripAdvisor's latest pick for the world's top island. the island climbed a rung from last year's No. 2 ranking among the travel review site's Travelers' Choice award winners.
"Star Wars: Rogue One" is scheduled to hit theaters in 2016. the movie will take place in between "Episode III: Revenge of the Sith" and "Episode IV: A New Hope"
the preliminary agreement paves the way for a much broader deal by end of June. it guarantees peaceful nature of Tehran's nuclear activities in return for lifting of sanctions. a full deal ultimately represents a referendum on the president's foreign policy.
two africa-Americans -- Ella Jones and Wesley Bell -- were elected to the city council. this was the first city election since white police officer Darren Wilson shot and killed unarmed black teenager Michael brown last august. there's widespread feeling, especially in the african-american community, that if turnout is low, all the protests will have been in vain.
a 37-year-old arab driver struck two people at a bus stop in the french hill section of the city. one victim, identified by police as Shalom Yohai Cherki, 26, died at the hospital. a 20-year-old woman remains in serious condition.
the 750-piece collection, which fetched a total of $3.64 million, featured bronze sculptures, jewelry, and a number of decorative arts and paintings. the collection went under the hammer in new york on march 31, following a tour of Hong Kong, Paris, London and Los Angeles.
a former member of parliament with ties to Yanukovych is shot dead in his apartment. a journalist known for his pro-russian views is killed in a dark blue car. the killings renew speculation about a conspiracy to kill people close to Yanukovych.
the new law will take effect in six months. around 2 million people will be able to benefit from the change.
after a century of development, half the Everglades is dead and the other half is on life support. most of the drinking water in south florida comes from the aquifers beneath the Everglades.
Yarmouk, the largest Palestinian refugee camp in Syria, was formed in 1957. it has been engulfed in fighting between the Syrian government and armed groups since 2012. an estimated 18,000 refugees are now trapped inside the camp.
the "Great Cannon" blasts targeted Web servers with massive distributed denial of service attacks. it uses the Web browsers of unsuspecting Web surfers to do it. researchers fear this new cyberweapon could easily be used for an array of powerful attacks.
investigators have not found writings or conversations where co-pilot shared his motives. medical records show he was suicidal at one time and underwent psychotherapy. this was before he ever got his pilot's license, a prosecutor's office spokesman says.
"anyone who thinks we will surrender is dreaming," rebel leader says. "it's the right of the Yemeni people to stand against the attacks," he says.
20 years ago, a truck bomb in Oklahoma City killed 168 people, injured hundreds more. david frum: the bombing exposed the true danger of the extreme right. he says the fbi shifted its priorities, hiring new agents and reassigning staff to work on domestic terrorism.
a year ago, more than 200 girls were kidnapped from their school by boko haram militants. millions of people around the world joined a social media campaign to plead for their safe return. a marketing professional and father-of-three has taken time nearly every single day since the girls went missing.
"we're winning" is a phrase i've heard a lot lately as it pertains to LGBT rights. the next state over signed an anti-LGBT "religious freedom" bill into law. "many people of faith feel their religious liberty is under attack by government action," governor says.
gunmen attacked the campus as morning prayers were underway. the attack comes just months after militants murdered non-Muslim workers in a Kenyan quarry.
university of Cape Town students took to social media to demand removal of Cecil Rhodes' statue. students say his legacy is tainted with racism. the heritage authority granted it permission to remove the statue from the campus.
since civil war broke out there, 310,000 people have been killed, the Syrian Observatory for Human Rights says. violence has plunged well over half of all Syrians into such destitution that they are in dire need of survival aid.
prosecutors say ailina tsarnaeva threatened a woman in a phone call this summer. "stop looking for him.... I know people that can put a bomb where you live," she said.
a door bearing a drawing by banksy was seized by police in southern Gaza. the owner of the door filed a complaint with a court saying he sold the door for $175. he says he was duped into believing the door was a normal door.
the coalition has destroyed air defense systems of the Houthis, a Saudi source says. the coalition has rendered all but a fraction of air bases and stripes unusable, the source says. "if war's drums are beaten, we are ready for them," the foreign minister says.
andres Iniesta entered the fray in the 76th minute to chorus of jeering and boos from the home fans. centre back Stefan de Vrij and midfielder Davy Klaassen scored first-half goals in the morale-boosting victory. 'it's unbelievable, this is about sport. what was he supposed to do? I can't understand this,' said boss Guus Hiddink.
UEFA has opened disciplinary proceedings against the Georgian Football Federation. fans invaded the pitch twice during Georgia's 2-0 defeat by Germany. a string of safety breaches, including blocked stairs and locked gates, will also be investigated.
as of April 1, anyone can become a football agent as long as they pay £500 for an initial one-year registration period. the FA will then charge £250 for every subsequent year of renewal. already established licensed agents were exempt from the new rules.
CSKA goalkeeper Maksims Uvarenko has not been paid for three months. he has had to ask his parents to send him money to pay his rent. despite the financial problems, he has been impressed by the 'unique' fans. CSKA have issued a desperate plea to fans to provide emergency financial backing.
driver went berserk with road rage after leaving home in burnley, lancashire. he found himself bumper-to-bumper on street with Rafal cegielka, 45. the pair had both wound down their car windows when he punched them. he then ripped away fencing panel and chased victim's vehicle with it. he then armed himself with hockey stick and shouted: 'i'll f***ing kill him'.
Spain were beaten 2-0 by Holland at the Amsterdam arena on tuesday. it was the first time the iberian nation had suffered two defeats under coach Vicente del bosque since he took over in 2008. del bosque will not be too worried about a third straight friendly defeat, insists manager.
Ulrike Berger, 44, is barred from leaving the country with daughter Kaia, 7. but on march 22, a day after the little girl was dropped off for a weekend visit, they are believed to have boarded a plane to Europe.
blaze ripped through 70 hectares of heathland near the south coast. 80 firefighters spent six hours tackling flames up to 35ft high. two schoolboys arrested on suspicion of deliberately starting three fires.
ambulance crews in london answered 2,333 calls by 4am this morning. busiest hour was between 2am and 3am when 638 calls were received. police made 77 arrests and 55 people in the capital were taken to hospital.
mignolet was dropped 'indefinitely' by manager Brendan rodgers in december. the 27-year-old quickly returned after brad Jones suffered a thigh injury. the Belgian has kept six consecutive clean sheets away from home.
twitter user filmed the ice balls peppering his backyard and noisily plopping into the swimming pool. despite it being around 80-degrees, the compacted lumps prove resilient to the heat taking a good while to melt.
nine members of the Liana's Ransom were scooped up by Coast Guard life boats on Tuesday, leaving the Canadian charter ship adrift 30 miles east of Portland. the tall ship reported having issues with the engines around 12.35 a.m. on Monday, and said the sails had become wrapped around the mast. two lifeboat crews were dispatched from Gloucester, Massachusetts, to try and tow the vessel to shore, but 10-foot swells caused a tow line to break.
amazing pictures have emerged of blue fluorescent algae lighting up australia's east coast. the images were taken in Jervis Bay which is in the south coast of NSW. photographer Andy Hutchinson described the sight as a 'beautiful supernatural scene' caused by millions of plankton omitting light.
Rahul Kumar, 17, clambered over enclosure fence at the Kamla Nehru Zoological Park in Ahmedabad. he began running towards the animals shouting 'Today I kill a lion!' luckily, he fell into a moat and could be rescued by security staff.
the incident happened in Nanchang, the provincial capital of Jiangxi. according to his father, the boy most likely fell while sleepwalking.
'i feel very blessed the skate didn't hit my eye,' the redwings forward said at practice on tuesday. while battling for the puck, Ottawa's Mark Stone lifted his right skate backwards in an arc, catching Miller under the visor. Stone's skate cut Miller along his right cheek and again just below his eyebrow.
Filipe Luis signed a three-year contract at stamford bridge last summer. the defender has struggled to make the left back position his own. atletico hope that may give them leverage, but he insists he wants to stay.
Charlie Sumner, 20, staged a one-man pitch invasion during the royals' 3-0 quarter-final replay win over Bradford last month. he did four front flips on the pitch - landing on his back, before being tackled by stewards. the order, due to be decided on April 30, would stop him going to all of Reading's future home and away matches.
about half a dozen people were sitting on the roof of the vehicle on a road near the coastal city of salé, Morocco. footage was taken from a car following the van, which is understood to have been transporting football supporters.
John Peacock's England have been drawn with the Republic of Ireland, Holland and Italy in Group D of the UEFA Under 17 European Championships. the tournament will take place in the east bulgarian venues of Burgas, Sozopol, Sliven and Stara Zagora between May 6 and 22.
wildlife creature was relaxing in the Kruger national park in south africa. elephant squirts the bull with water stored up its trunk to get it to leave. but the elephant misses its target and the bull carries on drinking.
former pub landlord was convicted of illegally showing matches on foreign channels. he was fined and ordered to pay costs after being convicted eight years ago. but the conviction has now been overturned after a landmark european court ruling. the 55-year-old says the long-running dispute has cost him his business. he says he has paid a heavy price for the lengthy fight to clear his name.
cracks in the structure of the West Stand were spotted on Tuesday morning. the area was sealed off as structural engineers carried out an assessment. northern Ireland played at Windsor Park on Sunday evening, beating Finland 2-1.
Charlie Sumner, 20, staged a one-man pitch invasion at Reading's madejski stadium. the fan ran topless onto the pitch and performed a series of somersaults. he did four front flips, landing on his back each time, before being tackled. the order, due to be decided on April 30, would stop him going to all Reading's future home and away matches.
Hina Shamim, 21, was knocked down as she walked to the library in london. friends said she was'much-loved and the most charming lovely girl in the world' eight others, including five children, were injured in the horror crash last night. a 34-year-old man driver was arrested on suspicion of causing death by dangerous driving.
the pair were caught on camera at Langham Creek High School, in Houston on Tuesday. the mother, who has not been identified, was reportedly angry with the girl because she had allegedly been bullying her daughter. the video, which was posted online but has now been taken down, shows the mother attacking the student along with another girl - presumably her daughter.
asmir Begovic has been linked with other clubs during his time at the club. the 27-year-old's current deal has just over 12 months to run. but chief executive Tony Scholes is hopeful they can keep hold of him.
a bus driver was caught reading a newspaper while driving in new zealand. a passenger filmed the driver and sent the video to bus company Ritchies Coachlines along with a complaint. bus company boss said he was embarrassed by the 'idiot' driver's actions.
west Ham host bottom-bottom side Leicester city at the boleyn ground on saturday. defender Winston Reid has been out of action since injuring his hamstring in a 1-0 defeat by Chelsea on march 4. but defender Enner Valencia will not be available due to a toe injury.
five days before the wedding of college sweethearts Brittany Huber and John Redman, the couple were involved in a deadly car crash. the bride to be was killed on impact and the groom was left clinging to life. the 25-year-old assistant basketball coach at dalton state college helped lead his team to its first-ever championship title.
the brazilian midfielder enjoyed a run of 16 starts in 19 matches. a groin problem in February's derby saw him miss 10 games. he was an unused substitute in the defeat by manchester united.
Yûki Aoyama's latest series of images capture po-faced teenagers pictured next to their fathers leaping into the air. the 37-year-old's images are said to be part of a book which roughly translates into Daughter and Salaryman.
robbery took place at 12.30pm at a Lloyds bank branch in Fairwater, Cardiff. police have issued CCTV images of the suspect, who is 5ft 9in to 6ft. he was wearing black clothing and greying black hair and wore glasses.
Morocco was banned from the next two editions of the African Cup of Nations. the ban was imposed by the Confederation of African Football. the north-african nation was expelled from the 2017 and 2019 tournaments.
Jason Denayer has impressed on loan at Celtic this season. the 19-year-old has been tipped to partner Belgium team-mate Vincent Kompany on his return to his parent club this summer. denayer has formed a successful partnership with Virgil van Dijk.
andros Townsend scored in a 1-1 friendly draw with Italy in Turin. the 23-year-old has yet to reach the heights he did in 2011. naysayers like Paul Merson provided the perfect motivation for him.
dalian Wanda Group have formalised their purchase of 20 per cent of atletico. the purchase was formalised at an Extraordinary General Meeting on Tuesday. the legal team representing Wanda Madrid Investment signed off on the purchase of 726,707 shares for €45million (£32.8m)
former juve boss insists his return to Turin prompted 'fond memories' despite reports he received death threats. he replaced cesare prandelli as italy boss in august after world cup exit. conte guided the azzurri to three Serie A titles before taking over.
dumbarton have faced both of his former teams in the league this term. but Ian Murray believes that Rangers will struggle to maintain their pace. he believes that a supposedly easier run-in can swing Rangers ahead of them.
Simon Mignolet posed for pictures with pilots in an aeroplane cockpit. the 27-year-old had been with the Belgium squad for their euro 2016 qualifiers against Cyprus and Israel. but he was denied the chance to add to his 14 international caps.
set in 200 acres of land near Bridgnorth, shropshire, the property boasts a swimming pool, tennis court, stables and even its own cricket green. its centrepiece, the 11-bedroom Chyknell Hall, was built in 1814 and has only changed hands twice since. owner will also be set up for entertaining with a wine cellar, four-oven Aga, loggia, library and billiard room.
two college campus police officers in Dallas have been placed on administrative leave after shocking video footage surfaced of them harassing a group of four students. the incident occurred at El Centro College and was captured on cell phone by student Charles Adams, who witnessed the abuse at first hand. the school reportedly won't say why the teens were stopped and frisked, but Adams said he believes the officers totally overreacted.
Gary Locke has been given the job at Kilmarnock on a permanent basis. the 39-year-old has lost just once in seven games since taking over. locke joined the club as assistant to allan Johnston last summer.
the two giant antagonists of the german game meet this weekend. borussia Dortmund and Bayern Munich have shared the last five titles. the two clubs are now only five points from the top six.
deva Joseph, 14, was reduced to tears at airport after being told she would not be allowed to take flight home to Spain. she offered to pay for second item to be put in hold but was told only credit cards would be accepted - even though she is too young to have one. teen offered to leave bag at airport as she begged to board 7am flight to Bilbao.
father-of-six and grandfather-of-one was 'a big softie', his sister said. he stepped in to break up fight outside sports bar in Washington, tyne and wear. despite intervention from emergency services, he could not be saved. thug, 26, was jailed for just three and a half years for the attack.
notts county beat arsenal 2-0 in the women's super league on tuesday. a free kick from Laura Bassett and Alex Greenwood caused confusion. but notts star Ellen White smashed the free kick into the corner.
the girls aged between 16 and 18 at the 27th March Huizhou Integrated high school are being trained by a former special forces solider. the school has purchased 250 of the knives, which have a plastic retractable blade and are entirely safe. the girls are encouraged to shout 'kill, stab, slash and jab' as they work their way through the drills.
the average adult needs around eight hours of sleep per night with a range of seven to nine. any less than six or any more than 10 hours is unusual for the standard person. if power napping, it is important to get no more than 20 minutes or inertia will set in.
a clip has surfaced of a quarrel between neighbours in a Perth suburb. the woman appears in her neighbour's front yard, brandishing a metal crowbar. she verbally abusing the men and swinging the weapon at them. the men then pick up their own weapons and a scuffle breaks out. the woman appears to be struck in the face, with blood visibly pouring down her face.
the 19-year-old's buy-out clause is currently set at £13.5m. he flies forward very much in the style of Jordi Alba and Juan Bernat. but there would also be reservations about his suitability to the premier league.
police in Oregon are enlisting the help of the public to identify a mystery motorcyclist who saved the day after a man allegedly threatened two teenagers with a gun. in a scene worthy of a Stan Lee comic, a man allegedly pulled a gun on two teenagers in Salem telling them, 'get ready to die' just then, a stranger on a green motorcycle swooped in and used his helmet to knock the gun out of the man's hands, allowing
Ron Vlaar is out of contract at the end of the season with a calf injury. the 30-year-old has only made 12 premier league starts this season. villa boss Tim Sherwood has urged his captain to prove his worth.
sherwood insists he is not concerned by talks of a summer takeover. the villa boss plans to build a squad in his image for next season. villa are three points above the relegation zone in 16th place.
city manager manuel pellegrini has admitted that his club's young academy players are not yet ready to step into his first-team squad. a number of young City professionals, including PSV's Karim Rekik and Marcos Lopes, are on loan and may be brought back to plug the holes.
forster has undergone knee surgery but will be out for several months. manager Ronald Koeman will not be drawn on whether to sign a new keeper. the england keeper has been ruled out until the end of the season.
Robert Tesche opened the scoring for the hosts in the 27th minute. Clayton Donaldson doubled the hosts' lead in the 43rd minute. matt deckershire pulled one back for fourth-bottom Rotherham.
Virgil van Dijk was called up to the holland national team last year. the defender has never been capped by his country. van Dijk says he was happy for team-mate Jason Denayer's debut.
Celtic have complained to the game's governing body over ticket prices. the north and south stands were set at £23 for the north and south stands. the east stand was set at £15 for adults and £5 for concessions.
the club will be forced to delist from the Alternative Investment Market (AIM) after being unable to secure a new nominated advisor (Nomad) to meet regulations. the development has reopened old hostilities, with Sandy Easdale claiming the shareholder group he heads is considering legal action.
the three lions drew 1-1 with the azzurri in a glamour friendly on tuesday night. the three lions deservedly went behind in the first half. but andros Townsend equalised for the hosts in the second half.
two leading supporters' groups say they are'shocked' by the board's performance. they say 25 per cent of £6.3million transfer fees were paid in commission. supporters also disputed chairman's alleged level of investment in the club.
Gary Locke will be confirmed as Kilmarnock's new permanent manager on friday. the 39-year-old will be given a three-year deal at rugby park. locke was asked to take charge of the club until the end of the season.
the five-year-old child is called Mai Zizhuo and he has been shooting hoops since he was two and a half years old. his incredible skills have won him legions of fans across basketball-mad china.
the 22-year-old was injured in the 1-1 draw against Bosnia-Herzegovina. he is set to start rehabilitation work in about a month. alaba has been in superb form for the german giants this season.
the 6ft 7in, 17st-plus forward will join the Robins on a two-and-a-half-year deal. he will link up with his old Canberra team-mate Terry Campese. the new Hull KR captain has signed a two-year contract extension.
Darren Cole's cousin was found dead in a street in florida last weekend. the 22-year-old was on holiday in florida when he was found with a head injury. livingston face alloa in their first national final in 11 years on sunday.
Alan Smith suffered a broken leg and dislocated ankle in 2006. he was travelling to hospital after attempting to block a free-kick. reports circulated that fans tried to disrupt his journey to hospital. but he insists it didn't happen – fans were still in the ground.
hearts captain Danny Wilson is a summer transfer target for the club. the defender is out of contract at the end of the season. but owner Ann Budge insists the newly-promoted club have no need to sell.
the Norwegian blamed last summer's money-spinning pre-season schedule for a damaging 4-1 qualifying defeat to Legia Warsaw. Celtic command lucrative fees for pre-season commitments and have also taken on trips to australia and the far east in recent seasons. a return to the us for this summer has not yet been ruled out.
de Bruyne has scored nine goals and has 16 assists this season. the 23-year-old has been linked with a move to the second-placed club. but Bayern's Franck Ribery says he is the wrong type of player for the club. he says his counter-attacking skills don't mesh with the style of pep guardiola.
davon Durant, a promising linebacker at Arizona State, was arrested last month on domestic violence charges. his girlfriend of 18 months, Kelsi Langley, claimed he hit her in the face and grabbed her neck during an argument in his car. after his arrest, Durant was suspended from the football team indefinitely and could be facing expulsion. on tuesday, the 19-year-old held a press conference on campus declaring that her assault story was 'completely
verlander snapped a selfie in front a little boy wearing a dark blue shirt with Verlander's name and jersey number, 35, on the back. the pitcher uploaded the selfie to his more than 150,000 Instagram followers writing: 'Love having my fans support!! This little guy was pretty surprised when he turned around'
Eden Hazard was substituted with 28 minutes to go in Belgium's 1-0 win over Israel. the 24-year-old has played 48 games for club and country this season. he has missed just five matches and is an ever-present in the premier league.
police discovered 20 grams of marijuana hidden within a leg of lamb. the meat and herb accompaniment was found by police in the northern territory. officers decided to x-ray the lamb, which revealed the 20g bag of marijuana. the stash would have been worth $2000 if it had been sold.
former premier league defender says he has'moved out of marital home' he tried to kill himself two days after being arrested on suspicion of drink-driving. the 35-year-old stepped in front of a 12-ton truck on the a64 near york. he suffered cuts, bruises, internal bleeding, a broken rib and a shattered knee.
andros Townsend scored the equaliser in the 1-1 draw with Italy. arsenal legend Paul Merson criticised the call up for the winger. the 23-year-old tweeted to his 285,000 followers: 'Not bad for a player that should be 'nowhere near the squad'
Cesc Fabregas captained his country in 2-0 defeat by Holland on tuesday. spaniard struggled to make an impact in midfield in the defeat. the 27-year-old's form has significantly dipped from that of the player who, around Christmas, looked a dead-cert to break the barclays premier league record for assists.
five men and one woman detained at approximately 8am this morning. four of the men, all in their 20s, are from Birmingham, west Midlands. a 26-year-old man and a 23-year-old woman of no fixed abode also held.
shoppers of Swansea are the most frivolous, with 44 per cent splurging as soon as they are paid, followed by those in Aberdeen (42 per cent) and Belfast (39 per cent) men spend a third more a month than women on treating themselves.
arsene wenger is a disciple of Adam Smith and these are the basic principles of a free market. a cursory glance at wenger’s transfer record shows in his bid to save the premier league from english mediocrity he has signed a number of premier league players. wenger has signed a number of premier league players.
Charlie Austin and club captain Joey Barton have become good friends. the pair met on their first day at queens park rangers. the 25-year-old says his side can't afford to lose their next two games.
the black pooch was filmed in action as he took a rescue rope out to his owner at the Clarence J. Brown Dam and Reservoir in Springfield, Ohio, on Saturday afternoon. he apparently got stuck waist-deep in mud while recovering some duck hunting gear. luckily, he had a cell phone on hand to call 911.
Juventus are 14 points clear at the top of Serie A with 10 games remaining. massimiliano allegri has guided the club to a fourth straight Scudetto. allegri replaced Antonio Conte last summer after being sacked by AC Milan.
NORWICH beat hampshire 2-0 at the amex stadium on saturday. a second-half goal from Bradley Johnson gave the visitors the lead. the win takes NORWICH's record to 11 wins from 16 - a magnificent return.
in 2009 the town unveiled a statue of hometown icon Lucile Ball with a face so unlike the beloved comedian that locals have reacted with shock and horror. the depiction is so unflattering a Facebook page called 'We Love Lucy! Get Rid of this Statue' has attracted more than 600 likes. artist Dave Poulin has declined comment. it would cost an estimated $8,000 to $10,000 for Poulin to recast the statue.
south Sydney hooker Issac Luke is under investigation by the NRL integrity unit. the 27-year-old made a heartfelt appeal on his official Instagram account on saturday. he had intended to donate a jersey to the injured young fan who was allegedly attacked at ANZ Stadium in Sydney. the incident left the boy hospitalised after the match.
the video was captured in Wangaratta, northeast Victoria. it shows a huntsman spider crawling out from under the door handle. the spider drops onto road and retreats underneath the vehicle.
Mauricio pochettino has likened Harry Kane to Gabriel Batistuta. the argentine forward scored on his full international debut. pochettino says he will be there to help Kane when things don't go to plan.
ex-bristol city and wolverhampton winger fronted £30million investment scheme. he lured fellow players into the scheme with promises of a 20 per cent return. but the scheme collapsed amid mounting debts and he was declared bankrupt. the 35-year-old is now being chased through the courts by creditors. he said he is now surviving on the generosity of 'good friends and family'
Pavel Nedved has revealed that Barcelona are interested in bringing Paul Pogba to the nou camp. the former midfielder insisted that the frenchman won't be moving anywhere. but he also expressed his relief that Juve didn't draw the catalans in the quarter-finals of the champions league.
police report that they found James Oliver, 48, in the driveway of a home in Noblesboro, Maine, on Saturday night. they said that the pair had argued inside the home after Currier caught him allegedly trying to sexually assault the young girl. the 12-year-old girl did not require medical attention, officials said.
rodgers faces stiff competition to land the fiorentina goalkeeper, according to his agent. the 25-year-old's contract expires in June and he is wanted by a number of top european clubs including liverpool and psg. a move for the former atletico paranaense keeper never materialised.
a video shows a $50,000 sports car flying out of control as it speeds from a green light in canada. the car swerves wildly before smashing into the concrete median. a wheel even comes off before the car finally comes to a halt. police have not made the identity of the driver public but have said that a 31-year-old driver was cited for the crash.
sunderland midfielder Lee Cattermole will return to the starting line-up. wes brown is facing up to a month on the sidelines with a knee problem. massadio Haidara will miss sunderland's derby against the magpies.
the video features an interview with the world's best golfer as a youngster. the northern irishman is hoping to complete a career grand slam by winning the forthcoming Masters. 'there's always going to be highs and lows,' says the world's best golfer.
Sergio Garcia is focusing on winning his first PGA Tour title since 2012. the 35-year-old finished third 12 months ago but went on to miss the cut at augusta. the spaniard is comfortable with the fact that he may never win a major after coming close yet again in the open.
former soldier stole £17,000 from the club where he volunteered as secretary. he claimed to be making rent payments to the club's landlord. the 31-year-old spent the money on camping equipment and a stag holiday.
Johnny Sexton wants to fill the void by winning a medal with Racing Metro. the 29-year-old has helped his country reach the knock-out stages of Europe’s elite event for the first time. he has played in 11 knock-out games in continental rugby and won the lot.
Mustafa Kamal has stepped down as ICC president. he accused india of influencing the outcome of a cricket world cup match. Kamal said he spoke as a fan, and not the president. the ICC asked him to withdraw his statement or apologise.
allardyce had Pearson on his coaching staff when he was Newcastle united manager in 2007. the pair will be reunited when westham face Leicester on saturday. Pearson has been involved in several controversial incidents this season.
sunderland host the black cats at the stadium of light on sunday. the black cats have won their last four derbies against the foxes. but skipper John O'Shea wants a fifth straight win against the foxes.
mark Hughes insists his side must end their run of fruitless trips to the club. the former premier league champions have lost on every occasion. a 1-1 draw between the two sides in 1984 has kept them in contention. click here for all the latest transfer news.
Papiss Cisse is Newcastle's top scorer this season with 11 goals. 10 of those were decisive in changing games in the relegation zone. if it weren't for his heroics, the magpies would have been two points ADRIFT of their rivals in the relegation zone.
the 27-year-old midfielder has missed the last two games through suspension. he was unavailable for the Dutchman's first game in charge of the club. but he was the only man told he will definitely start against Newcastle on sunday.
UEFA confirm their 'cash cycle' for the next three years of competition. the last time Celtic reached the champions league group stage, in 2013-14, they won one match and earned £12.6m. if they reach the last 16, the figures crash through the £20m barrier.
spurs face burnley in their premier league clash at Turf Moor on sunday. defender Ben Davies will allow no room for sentiment over the clash. he was part of the team which beat Israel 3-0 in their euro 2016 qualifier.
a letter from director of football Nicola Salerno has suspended his assistant. he is understood to have been told he will be suspended until the end of the season. the suspension has left manager Neil redfearn considering his future.
head coach says he will 'whip' his players to motivate them. 'in the last four games sunderland have out-worked us,' he said. 'we've got everything to play for. that's not just because of our respective league positions,' he said.
ally McCoist and Kenny McDowall have brought a brand of coaching and tactical preparation he felt was lacking under the previous management. templeton praised the impact the former motherwell boss has made since his arrival on a short-term deal last month.
Lionel Messi is set to be fit to face Celta Vigo on sunday. the argentine has been training after recovering from a foot injury. nolito has urged the argentine to head to the beach instead.
'if you do really well in the championship and the players excel then there is going to be interest,' says boss. 'there is a realisation that bigger clubs can come in and take them,' says Neilson. 'what i wouldn't expect to happen is someone moves on and we are not happy about it,' he says.
the 20-year-old is currently on £35,000-a-week at the anfield club. but allardyce believes a bumper deal could unsettling the rest of the squad. the west ham boss feels paying more than the £100,000-per-week deal would lead to the 20-year-old's team-mates demanding more.
blackpool are in talks to sign defender Thomas Piermayr. the 25-year-old is a free agent and had been playing for Colorado Rapids. blackpool are bottom of the championship on 23 points.
west brom finished 10th and 8th under Roy Hodgson and Steve Clarke. baggies almost got relegated under Alan Irvine last season. manager Tony Pulis wants to do extensive business in the summer market.
theo walcott has made just five starts for arsenal this season. the winger's contract is set to run out next summer. the gunners legend says it would be 'a shame' to see him leave the club.
the 21-year-old has had an indifferent campaign for the toffees. he has had a knee operation which disrupted his return to domestic duty. but he is ready to kick on again after negotiating second-season syndrome.
Sehrou Guirassy and gnaly cornet scored for the young lions. but a late response from Patrick Roberts wasn't enough. a swirling wind in Normandy made playing conditions difficult.
Jonas Gutierrez has been a substitute in each of Newcastle's last three games. the Argentinian has finished on the losing side on each occasion. the 31-year-old is determined to make amends for recent derby disappointments.
referees and officials have been struck with projectiles by angry fans. a section of the crowd started hurling bottles and abuse at them. a sideline interchange official has been taken to hospital with a suspected broken shoulder after he slipped to avoid being hit with bottles as he fell to the ground. a police spokeswoman has confirmed two people have been formally identified for allegedly throwing bottles.
Leeds Rhinos captain Kevin Sinfield will leave rugby league at the end of the season. the 34-year-old will join Yorkshire Carnegie on an 18-month contract. castleford head coach daryl Powell has a word of warning for his former team-mate.
the 20-year-old has struggled to replicate the impressive form he showed for the reds last season. he has managed just six goals this season - one less than Stoke frontman Jon Walters. despite being one of the club's star men, sterling has struggled to repeat the impressive form he showed for the club last season.
the championship side are the first club to provide training and counselling to its youth players. the Protect, Inform and Prevent programme aims to explain when consent can be said to have been given, in law. four current and former Brighton players were cleared of sexual assault charges in 2013.
the clip was filmed by the creative agency Leo Burnett Toronto for the homeless charity Humans For Humans. it is designed to make people think twice about the way that they look at people who sleep rough. many of the people break down in tears as they read the hurtful comments.
George Boyd is the barclays premier league's hardest working player. the winger has run the distance between burnley's Turf Moor ground and crystal palace's Selhurst park. boyd is joined by his team-mates Scott Arfield and David Jones in a list dominated by players from the bottom half of the table.
the child's father, 25, and mother, 25, were held after their daughter died. the child was taken to hospital but died hours later. a 25-year-old man and 22-year-old woman have been arrested.
sterling has been linked with a move to arsenal and leading clubs in spain. the 20-year-old has admitted he is not ready to sign a new contract. players' chief executive Gordon Taylor has defended him for postponing talks.
former manchester united midfielder was sent off in 1-1 draw in porto alegre. he shoved ypiranga striker Otacilio neto off the ball to earn a red card. his team-mate Fabricio also saw red for retaliating with an elbow. he threw his shirt to the ground and shouted 'i'm leaving, I'm leaving'
the incident took place in the city of Bhiwandi, a suburb of Mumbai. a case has been registered under sections 307 (attempt to murder), 377 (sodomy) and relevant sections of the Protection of Children from Sexual Offences Act 2012.
dug the pug was hiking in Fontana, canada, when he heard a rattling sound. his owner, Lindsay Castro, backed away, but he ran up to the rattlesnake. the snake bit him in the face, and his face ballooned to twice its size. he was given an entire vile of venom antidote and is ready to go home.
Jose Mourinho left the club in 2013 and rejoined the club in 2013. he has since led his team to the brink of another title. but defender alvaro arbeloa says he is considering a £40million move. he says the door will never be closed to bringing the combustible boss back.
liverpool lost 4-1 to arsenal at the emirates on saturday afternoon. the gunners went on to win 4-1 at the emirates. manager brendan rodgers admitted his side are unlikely to reach the top four.
mancini was furious with his players' attitude during 1-1 draw at home to Parma. he cancelled his players' day off and ordered them into early morning training. he refused to accept that an impatient crowd had affected his players.
ex-manchester united and england defender's expired passport was listed on ebay. the item was listed earlier in march and bidding ended on tuesday. but the seller was open to offers and asked potential buyers to make an offer.
paddy morrall noticed the full-length Christ on a snapped scaffolding board. the 31-year-old builder, from Keighley, near Bradford, has kept the board. it comes two days after a shop assistant spotted the image of Christ on a hot cross bun.
ondrej duda scored after the interval to give the hosts a 1-0 win. it was the 20-year-old midfielder's second international goal. it was the third victory for the hosts in the 10th match since 1993.
Benzema has scored 20 goals in all competitions so far this season. the real madrid forward posted a video singing along to Tupac's track 'Check Out Time'. Benzema is confident he can win the ballon d'or award during his career.
pro-Ukip businessman Harvey boulter is behind bid to defeat 'golden boy' tory. he has already given £30,000 to the Ukip candidate fighting Fox in his seat. he is also spending another £30,000 to try to defeat tory Tom Tugendhat.
striker Sergiu Bus opened the scoring in the 86th minute. Ishmael Miller equalised just a minute from time. the result leaves Huddersfield without a win in their last seven games.
the 23-year-old scored twice as Brentford beat Fulham 4-1 on good friday. it was three years ago when he was spotted playing part-time at home. but a three-month loan at northampton has turned him into a revelation.
a new Facebook graph reveals the favorite baseball teams in the country by sorting through people's likes and breaking down winners by county. the graph, created by Facebook, uses profile likes and then breaks the individuals down by country to determine a winner. with the exception of those aforementioned Yankees, Red Sox and recent World Series champs San Francisco Giants, most teams only get support near their home field.
on Thursday, Trey Moses, a senior at Eastern High School in Louisville, Kentucky, asked Ellie Meredith to be his date to the upcoming prom. he surprised her during her P.E. class with a sign reading: 'Let's Party Like it's 1989' - a reference to an album by Taylor Swift, Ellie's favorite singer. the night before the promposal, Moses texted Ellie's parents to get their permission - and they were thrilled
'Hello everybody. this is not Frank Underwood,' the president said after turning his head. 'this is Barack Obama. Happy April Fools' Day. Frank learned it from me,' he said. the real president slipped into his normal voice by the end of 12-second impersonation.
Ludovic Obraniak was substituted during his side's 5-1 win over Fenerbahce. the midfielder was taken to hospital with a suspected heart problem. the 30-year-old is currently on loan at caykur Rizespor from german side Werder Bremen.
the crash happened on Easter Sunday night in northern Sydney. the 1973 E-Type Jaguar was completely written off when it came up against a 4WD. the three adults were taken to hospital as a precaution.
residents in dongying city carry gas in bags as long as six metres. passers-by compare this behaviour to carrying a bomb on their backs. it has been reported on as early as may 2011 in Zibo city in Shandong.
former world no 1 spotted practising at augusta on tuesday. he has not played since withdrawing from the Farmers Insurance Open. but there has been speculation he will return for this year's first major.
the 44-page guide was commissioned by executives at the BBC. they then hired an agency to research how smiley faces could be used. Emoji designers were also told to make graphics for popular stars. bosses at radio 1 and radio 1 extra were sent the guide this week.
Moses Kipsiro raised allegations that a coach has been sexually abusing female athletes, some as young as 15. the 28-year-old is a regular training partner of long-distance running legend mo farah. he says he was approached by five female athletes at a training camp for the african cross-country championships last year and complained a coach had been raping them. 'he would tell them he wanted to get them pregnant and then have an abortion
Curacao drew 2-2 in a second-leg match at Montserrat to win 4-3 on aggregate. former Holland assistant coach Patrick Kluivert's team won 2-1 on Saturday in willemstad. curacao face Cuba in the next round on June 8 and 16.
university of mississippi student was filmed biting the head off a live hamster. footage was allegedly filmed during a drunken spring break party in florida. he has been expelled from the fraternity and submitted for mental health tests. his stepfather and mother have branded his actions 'disturbing' and 'disappointing'
Sri Lanka's Kumar Sangakkara should reconsider his decision to retire from limited overs cricket. the 37-year-old scored four successive centuries against south africa. the left-hander has accumulated 14,234 one-day runs.
Dougie Fife, Alasdair Dickinson and Ross Ford all rested for last week's win over Scarlets in Llanelli. the trio have been recalled by head coach Alan Solomons. the south african has named his strongest XV heading into the quarter-final.
qpr face west brom at the hawthorns in the premier league on saturday. the foxes are 19th in the table, four points adrift of sunderland. 'i take inspiration from Tony Pulis because i respect him as a man and as a coach and as a manager,' says Chris Ramsey.
silhan Ozcelik, 18, went missing from her family's home in north london last year. she is accused of plotting to join the Kurdish Workers' Party (PKK) protestors gathered outside the old bailey with banners and flags.
esteban cambiasso says beating relegation would be like winning a trophy. the midfielder joined the foxes on a free transfer last summer. cambiasso won five back to back Serie A titles between 2005 and 2010.
crystal palace host manchester city in the premier league on monday. pardew insists city can come from behind again to snatch the title. the eagles are currently six points clear at the top of the table.
Hull city have reapplied to change the club's name to Hull Tigers. the initial application was blocked by the football association. but owner Assem Allam has reapplied to change the name of his side.
Jefferson Montero suffered a muscle strain against Mexico on saturday. on-loan spurs midfielder Tom Carroll is definitely out injured. Leon Britton and defender Kyle Bartley are both back in training. Mohamed Diame and James Chester will make their long-awaited returns to the Hull squad.
artist John Bramblitt, 42, developed epilepsy aged 11. over the next 19 years it slowly caused him to lose his eyesight. at the age of 30, he was completely blind. despite this, he decided that an inability to see should not prevent him from painting.
Diego Costa may not be risked following a hamstring injury. defender marc muniesa is set to return to the matchday squad after missing five games because of a hamstring problem.
hearts host Rangers at Ibrox on sunday in the play-offs. the edinburgh club have won three league games this season. a 2-0 success at Easter Road 12 days ago could have marked a turning point for Rangers.
Celtic defeated st mirren 1-0 in their premiership clash at stamford bridge. a second half tap-in from James Forrest gave the hosts the lead. but a late penalty from Stefan Johansen sealed the win for the hosts.
new Zealand international Charles Piutau will join Ulster on a two-year deal. the 23-year-old has won 14 caps for the all blacks. he has played for the blues in new zealand since 2012.
fiorentina beat Sampdoria 2-0 on a rain-drenched pitch in serie a. former westham midfielder Alessandro Diamanti struck just after the hour mark. on-loan Chelsea winger Mohamed Salah added a second just two minutes later.
a fourth straight Serie A title is Juventus' for the taking. they beat Empoli 2-0 to establish a 14-point lead at the top. Roma strengthened their grip on second place thanks to a 1-0 win over Napoli.
de Bruyne is wanted by a host of clubs but no deal has been agreed. the midfielder is one of the hottest prospects in european football. de bruyne has been linked with a move to manchester city and bayern munich.
Swansea host Hull at the liberty stadium on saturday. garry monk is out to claim a season-first point after an international break. monk's side are currently eighth in the premier league table.
the 2002 world cup winner is a co-owner of second tier United States side, Fort Lauderdale Strikers. the former brazilian says he 'would pay out of his own pocket' to sign Lionel Messi. the 32-year-old admits he wants to see the best talent in the world at his club.
wing knocked unconscious three times in recent months. he was assessed by a neurologist on tuesday and will not play this weekend. northampton director of rugby Jim Mallinder is not unduly concerned.
cesar azpilicueta is counting down the games until Chelsea win the barclays premier league title. the spaniard says the team have shown their strength by staying top of the table since 'day one'. the blues sit six points clear of nearest rivals manchester city with a game in hand.
Mohamed Diame has been out for more than four months with a knee injury. the midfielder signed for £3.5million from westham in the summer. the 27-year-old's return is a boost for the relegation-threatened side.
toby alderweireld will return to atletico when his season-long loan ends. the 26-year-old has impressed this season on the south coast. defender has hinted in the past that he would like to remain permanently in the premier league.
the 22-year-old midfielder is on loan at the etihad stadium from spurs. he scored the only goal as the u21s beat the Czech Republic 1-0. a spokesman has confirmed he faces up to six weeks on the sidelines.
winger limped off against Shakhtar Donetsk after picking up an injury. but he is hopeful he could be back for the german cup quarter-finals. 'this situation is difficult, but I have to be at 100 per cent first,' he said.
Philipp Lahm has made a full recovery from a broken ankle in training. defenders Franck Ribery, arjen Robben and Javi Martinez are all out. defender David Alaba is expected to be out for the rest of the season.
veteran defender has backed his manager to one day take charge of the team. the 37-year-old has played in eight different divisions before taking on the likes of united and chelsea.
Mauricio pochettino has given Harry Kane his blessing to play for the under 21s. the 21-year-old frontman will be in gareth southgate's squad for the tournament. he will also travel to australia and Malaysia this summer ahead of the tournament.
Alvaro Morata signed a five-year deal with the italian giants last summer. the 22-year-old started just three games in la Liga for real last season. but his agent says he is happy at the club and has no interest in joining.
despite more than 30 premiership and championship games, large parts of the rail network are set to be closed. more than half the games are set to be affected by delays and disruption, forcing fans onto the roads. every single major artery on Britain's railways was shut down. no trains ran between England and Scotland or Wales on the east coast, west coast or Great Western mainlines.
Brentford beat local rivals Fulham 4-1 at craven cottage on saturday. mark warburton's side move up to fifth in the championship on 69 points. a sublime free-kick from second-half substitute Alan Judge and a late fourth from Jota secured all three points.
the barclays premier league have announced the final set of televised fixtures for the 2014-15 season. Chelsea vs Liverpool on may 10 and Manchester United vs Arsenal on may 17 are arguably the standout games from the live batch. the TV schedule for the final day of the season, Sunday, may 24, will be announced at a later date.
the Quick Silver P-51D Mustang has been painstakingly restored by a father-and-son team as a tribute to american servicemen who have died in combat. the aircraft was pieced together by bill and Scooter Yoak, who did all the metal work by hand.
Grupo OAS is trying to sell the 50 percent share it owns of the Fonte Nova arena in Salvador. the company has struggled for months with the impact of a corruption investigation at state-controlled oil company Petrobras. an economic downturn, government austerity and a slumping currency have also taken its toll.
13 senators have written to FIFA calling for Russia to be removed as host of the 2018 world cup because of its role in the Ukraine crisis and occupation of Crimea. the senators said they'strongly encourage' FIFA to move the global competition. the lead signers were senators Robert Menendez and Ron Johnson.
the aircraft came down in the carapicuiba area on the outskirts of Sao Paulo. one of the victims was Thomaz Alckmin, son of the city governor. no one was thought to have been in the house, the roof of which was devastated.
Jos Hooiveld's late goal earned millwall a 2-1 win over south London rivals. magaye Gueye equalised after Alou Diarra's strike had been cancelled out. the result moves millwall up to 22nd in the championship table.
hatchback was designed to help french farmers transport sheep to market. it now accounts for two in every three cars sold in the uk. seven of the top ten sellers last year are classed as hatchbacks.
'i did something I shouldn't have done with Zavala,' says the 34-year-old. 'we exchanged shirts after the game, we spoke and that's it over,' says Zavala. incident reminiscent of last year's bite on italian Giorgio Cheillini.
andros Townsend was brought on in the 83rd minute against burnley. the midfielder hit back at the former arsenal man on twitter. 'when i'm wrong, I hold my hands up. i'll always be the first to admit when I'm wrong,' he said.
Cristiano Ronaldo scored five goals against Granada to lift his tally in La Liga to 36 for the season. he now has more goals than 53 of the 98 teams in Europe's top five leagues this season. there are nine teams in the barclays premier league who have managed fewer goals than Ronaldo this season.
sportsmail's top team of reporters have submitted their starting xi. if everyone is fit, let us know your xi by posting them in the comments section below. i think it’s important to keep Rooney in a more central position.
a long-distance Jamie Shaul try was enough to seal a shock 28-20 victory. the win condemned saints to a third straight defeat. the champions were in the wars again last week, losing to rivals wigan.
almeria have named former Barcelona defender Sergi Barjuan as their new manager. the 43-year-old replaces Juan Ignacio Martinez, who was fired on sunday. barjuan spent nine years at Barcelona as a defender and played in two world cups for Spain.
'Way of the Cross' walks took place in Ohio, Pennsylvania and over the Brooklyn bridge. tens of thousands of people flocked to Pope Francis' Good Friday torchlight procession at the colosseum in Rome. the pope washed the feet of 12 inmates and a baby at Rome's main prison in a pre-Easter ritual meant to show his willingness to serve.
2,000 travelling fans sang anti-IRA songs during friendly draw with Italy. it is embarrassing to listen to - a stain on our usually good-natured and good-humoured travelling supporters as we look ahead to June’s friendly with the Republic of Ireland in Dublin. there is barely time to catch our breath before England’s 3,000 supporters head to the Aviva Stadium for the first fixture against the republic of Ireland since 1995.
a man, known only as 'john', posted an advert in his local newsagents. it reads: 'john looking for a companion an apprentice / worker / lover for a craft that will change your life and bring you a way of life with quality' the lonely heart has since gone viral after it was spotted by an eagle-eyed passer-by.
helsinborg drew 0-0 with Kalmar in the allsvenskan season opener. goalkeepers Par Hansson and Matt Pyzdrowski were out injured. the 42-year-old emergency stopper kept a clean sheet.
both sides ended a run of 17 defeats in a row by Wigan. both sides finished with 12 men as tempers flared during the match. weller hauraki and John Bateman were sent off for trading punches.
Alan Pardew called manuel Pellegrini a 'f***ing old c**t' during a premier league match between Newcastle and man city back in 2014. the former crystal palace boss has taken steps to change a pattern of behaviour he feared was becoming destructive. the 53-year-old has benefited from sessions with former international cricketer Jeremy Snape, now a sports psychologist.
crystal palace host manchester city at selhurst park (monday 8pm) marouane Chamakh and fraizer Campbell are still sidelined with a hamstring injury. but skipper Mile Jedinak is ruled out through suspension.
jose mourinho's side are nine points behind leaders manchester city. both sides have eight games left to play in the premier league. mourinho's side face crystal palace at the etihad on monday.
Mils Muliaina has been bailed after being arrested on suspicion of sexual assault. the 34-year-old was led away by police after his side's 14-7 defeat by Gloucester. he is accused of assaulting a woman in a crowded bar in Cardiff city centre.
QPR beat west brom 4-1 at the etihad stadium on saturday. the win ended a five-game losing run at the etihad stadium. the west London side are now just three points adrift of safety.
Lydia Ko shot a 2-over 74 on Saturday in the ANA Inspiration. she tied the LPGA Tour record for consecutive rounds under par at 29. the 17-year-old has had at least one birdie in all 187 of her rounds.
arsene wenger has yet to decide whether to offer abou Diaby a new contract. the french midfielder has made just 22 appearances in the last five seasons. wenger also hopes to tie down club captain Mikel Arteta and long-serving midfielder Tomas Rosicky to a contract extension.
Spectators have flocked to the small suburb of Humble for the Shell Houston Open. local boy Jordan Spieth has impressed in the run up to the Masters. fellow american Phil Mickelson has also impressed in the run up to the tournament.
aston villa are without a trio of key players for their key game against queens park rangers. winger Alan Hutton limped off in the 3-1 defeat at old trafford on saturday. defenders marcos rojo and emmanuel adebayor are also doubts.
south Korean shot a three-under-par round of 69 on day three of the ANA Inspiration. the 22-year-old will take a three-shot lead into the final round of the competition. world no 1 Lydia Ko carded her second consecutive over-par score.
former world no 1 has confirmed he will play at the Masters. but it would be a 'disaster for everyone' if he limps out of the event. woods has dropped out of the top 100 for the first time in 19 years.
Luis Suarez and Daniel Sturridge scored 52 premier league goals last season. but this season, they have struggled to fill the void left by suarez. they are missing a Harry Kane (19 goals), a Diego Costa (also 19), a Sergio Aguero (17) and even a Charlie Austin (16 goals).
serena Williams beat Sabine Lisicki 7-6, 1-6, 6-3 to reach the semi-finals. world no 1 will face either Sloane Stephens or Simona Halep in the final.
aljaz bedene is currently ineligible to play in the Davis Cup. the world no 83 has expressed his desire to make the switch. but Andy Murray says anyone questioning the move should work on their world ranking.
south Korea's Kim Sei-young shot a seven-under-par 65 on friday. the 22-year-old surged into a two-shot lead at the ANA Inspiration. overnight leader Morgan Pressel followed her opening 67 with a 72.
Nick Scholfield has been lined up to ride spring heeled in the grand national. the eight-year-old had been expected to partner Sam Winner in the £1million race. but the champion trainer said it was unfair to tie him down to a gelding.
Novak Djokovic beats Alexandr Dolgopolov 6-7 (7/7) 7-5 6-0. the unseeded serb will face david ferrer in the quarter-finals. defending champions novak djokovic is 64 places behind dolgopolov.
Newport Gwent Dragons beat Cardiff Blues 25-21 at rodney parade. wing Hallam Amos, replacement Nic Cudd, a penalty try plus penalties from Tom Prydie and Dorian Jones and two Prydie conversions brought the dragons back from a big deficit.
police in Rhein Erft, received a bizarre phone call explaining that a large kangaroo was spotted 'happily' hopping through a field. they initially dismissed the call and assumed it was an April Fools prank. they later discovered that the call was actually serious and found the animal in a field in Bruhl, 20 kilometres south of the city centre of Cologne.
philanthropist Hugh G. Rection made a generous donation of $32.38. twitter users were quick to identify the blunder.
Carla Suarez Navarro defeated three-times champion Venus Williams 0-6, 6-1, 7-5. the spaniard set up a semi-final clash with ninth seed Andrea Petkovic. petkovic beat 14th seeded Czech Karolina Pliskova 6-4, 6-2.
alfonso Thomas will coach Delhi Daredevils in the Indian Premier League. veteran seamer is still recovering from a broken ankle. he is not yet fit for Somerset's first LV= County Championship fixture.
bath face leinster in the champions cup quarter-final on saturday. the foxes lost 19-9 to the irish side at the Aviva stadium last month. defenders George Ford, Dave Attwood, Jonathan Joseph and Anthony Watson have all returned to the scene of the defeat.
world no 4 defeated 21 year-old Austrian Dominic Thiem 3-6 6-4, 6-1. the scot is into the semi-finals of the Miami open in florida. the 27-year-old believes his fellow players should use the assimilation of the world number 83 as motivation to improve themselves.
the 7-foot-5, 360-pound centre is being called up from the team's NBA Development League affiliate, the Reno Bighorns. the 22-year-old centre will be on the roster on friday when the Kings host the new Orleans pelicans.
the club have been de-listed from the AIM after chairman-in-waiting Dave King failed to find a new nominated advisor. interim chairman Paul Murray put the blame for the decision at the door of the club's previous board. there is also the possibility of legal action from former football board chairman Sandy Easdale.
the off-spinning all-rounder hurt himself during the failed world cup campaign. he was therefore not available when the selectors chose the Caribbean squad. but he is planning to join up later in the month-long tour of the west indies.
arsenal beat liverpool 4-1 in the premier league on saturday. the win moved them up to second place in the table. manager arsene wenger believes things are finally starting to come together. he said: 'you can see that, you can't cheat on that, people smell that'
Mauricio pochettino has praised goalkeeper Michel Vorm's attitude. the 31-year-old played in all of the capital one cup games except the final. he will deputise in place of hugo Lloris at burnley on sunday.
leigh Griffiths was on the bench during the first 10 minutes of the game. the striker was caught on camera enjoying a Tunnock's Tea Cake. his manager, Ronnie Deila, has encouraged the concept of the 24/7 athlete.
porto have received a whopping £440million from player sales in the last 11 years. 19 of the 29 players featured in the table below have south american backgrounds. the majority of these deals have involved south americans.
lionel messi missed both of argentina's games during the international break. he has swollen his foot and faces tests on tuesday to decide if he can play. argentina star has been labeled a doubt by spanish paper as a 'doubt'
River Plate are keen to sign former forward Radamel Falcao. the argentine striker has struggled on loan at manchester united. river plate vice president matias patanian admits the club 'dream of Falcao'.
Brendan rodgers failed to make it as a professional footballer despite leaving northern ireland for england at the age of 16. the 42-year-old was captain of the Reading youth team. rodgers believes the memory of missing out on a first team spot has helped him to handle Liverpool's young players.
the los Angeles Clippers blew a 17-point lead and had their seven-game winning streak broken. meanwhile, Brooklyn beat Indiana to reclaim sole possession of the eighth and final play-off spot in the eastern conference. the east-leading Atlanta Hawks lost to Detroit 105-95.
Jamie Carragher jetted out to watch his son play for the Liverpool U12s. the former defender was in Girona to watch the famous youth tournament. the tournament features over 200 clubs from 36 countries.
sunderland host newcastle united at the etihad stadium on sunday afternoon. the match is billed as 'the desperation Derby' and 'the donkey Derby' both sides have scored six points in their last six matches. unless new manager Dick Advocaat can reverse the slide, they will be back in the championship come august.
real madrid star James Rodriguez will start against Granada on sunday. the midfielder broke his foot on february 4 and needed surgery. he is expected to start alongside Cristiano Ronaldo and gareth bale.
Thiago came on for Philipp Lahm in the 1-0 win at the Westfalenstadion. the midfielder hadn't played for the german side since march 2014. the spaniard admits he barely felt fit enough to play 10 minutes.
the 25-year-old signed for Cardiff from Stade Rennais for £2.1million. he has been on loan at the etihad stadium this season. the saints have an option to make the deal permanent for £1.5million.
former Huddersfield centre Josh Griffin scored a try and kicked three goals. the red Devils secured a second win in a row with an 18-12 victory at the John Smith's Stadium. Carl Forster's try and Griffin's penalty made the game safe.
half-back charged with making dangerous tackle on Brett Ferres. he could be banned for up to eight matches following the incident. the rugby football league's match-review panel viewed the tackle as dangerous.
andros Townsend scored his third goal for his country against Italy. the 23-year-old has been sent out on loan to nine different clubs. he has scored as many goals for his country as he has done in the premier league for Spurs.
the game was stopped for eight minutes after a flare was thrown from the stand housing visiting fans. but Widnes maintained their focus to run out 30-10 winners and maintain their impressive form. their losing run is their worst since 2009 and their misery was compounded by the loss of winger Matty Russell with a leg injury.
the squad had originally been set to leave northern Italy on Tuesday night. but a technical issue with their plane made it necessary for the side to take an extra night's stay. players from manchester united, man city, everton, liverpool, aston villa and stoke city all left to rejoin their clubs.
the Warriors came out on top 12-4 in front of a spellbound capacity 24,054 crowd at the DW Stadium. it contained just three tries but countless examples of rugby league at its finest. it took a try from Sydney-bound winger Joe Burgess 10 minutes from the end to finally break the champions' resistance.
italian newspaper la gazzetta dello sport have criticised theo Walcott's display. theo Walcott received the worst rating with five out of 10 for his performance. england captain Wayne Rooney, goalscorer andros townsend and substitute Ross Barkley have all been awarded seven out of 10 for their performances.
daryl Clark left castleford at the end of last season. the hooker has kept a close eye on events at his boyhood club. he is expected to recover from a busted nose in the defeat at widnes.
the 20-year-old admitted in a television interview that he is not yet ready to sign the new £100,000-a-week contract tabled by the club. the interview was conducted without the club's consent and'surprised us all' but rodgers said he is'relaxed' about the star's stalled contract talks.
Joe Hart has labelled fellow goalkeeper Gianluigi Buffon a 'legend of the game' the italian won his 147th cap against his country on tuesday night. the 37-year-old is desperate to add to his 50 international caps.
Graziano Pelle scored in 1-1 draw with England at the Juventus Stadium. the 29-year-old has not scored in the premier league for the saints since December 20. the striker has scored nine goals in his first 12 matches for the club.
five staff members sustained serious injuries after taking a joy ride down 'the super slide' at the Sydney royal Easter show. the 52-metre slide was closed earlier that night due to fears the heavy rain would make it particularly slippery. a 22-year-old woman broke both her legs, a 60-year-old man suffered broken ribs and internal bleeding. a 23-year-old woman also broke her leg and a 33-year-old man possibly broke his arm.
the champions of england were smashed into submission at the Stade Marcel Michelin. noa Nakaitaci scored two tries before half-time and Nick Abendanon capped a masterful display with a break-away try from 90 metres out.
Zara Tindall, 33, is a professional equestrienne and was happy to have a go at wheelchair rugby during last September's invictus games. she pretended to pull her 16st 6ft rugby player husband Mike along while striking a series of poses for the cameras. the moment came during a charity event to mark the end of personal trainer Rob Edmond's barrel-roll from Perthshire to Wiltshire.
manuel pellegrini admits the academy's youngsters are not ready for first-team action. the defending champions have failed to produce regular homegrown first team players since Micah Richards and Dedryck Boyata. pellegrini insists he is sure the academy will produce players worthy of his side.
the national union of teachers is expected to call for a vote on industrial action this weekend over the prospect of looming funding cuts. the ballot of its 300,000 members would take place after the election, with strikes possible from September.
arsenal tried to lure him from the Bundesliga with a 'great bid' but he didn't go because his family wanted to stay in germany. the former real Madrid and Liverpool midfielder is now back at borussia.
Antonio Nuez, 59, was said to be arguing with the woman, who has not been named, at his home in San Antonio, Texas, on Monday. it escalated and at 4.15am Nuez allegedly grabbed the gardening tool and drove it into the woman's behind.
Kevin Sinfield will leave Leeds at the end of the season to join Yorkshire Carnegie. the 34-year-old is closing in on third place in rugby league's all-time scoring list with 3,997 points. former Leeds and England coach Tony Smith says he was'shocked' by the decision.
residents of a Dallas neighborhood saw a man approach a male peacock, who was in the middle of its mating ritual and had unfurled its full plumage. surveillance video shows the thief grab the animal by both its claws before shoving it into his black Chevy Tahoe. peacocks have lived in the neighborhood for the past 20 years.
the tortoise casanova is seen teetering on the back of a female's shell. but instead of getting lucky, the aroused reptile somehow loses its balance. the female tortoise was pictured leaving the clumsy reptile on its back.
lamb pecks away at lamb's head and neck as if grooming its woollen coat. duckling pecks out clumps of debris stuck in lamb's woollen coat. lamb's owner says pecking is a 'heartwarming sign of trust and friendship'
the property, in the leafy south east London suburb of Chislehurst, was designed and built especially for government officials as the cold war intensified in 1951. the wooden area surrounding the building afforded it secrecy and the house was built with five foot thick concrete walls. it fell into disrepair in the years following the end of the cold war but now it has been converted into a contemporary luxury home.
police are hunting for three suspects who brazenly stole an ATM from a gas station last Friday morning. one distracts a cashier at the window while another leads a cable from the back of a white pickup to the cash machine. with the other end of the cord attached, the vehicle speeds off and uproots the ATM from its mount.
macNiven and his fiancee, Kelly Hennigan, made a three-minute film to give friends and family a heads up on their fast approaching nuptials. the video shows the two literally saving 'the date' as they wash up on shore, fight friends disguised as villains and ultimately escape from one very large explosion. the couple's wedding will be on September 26, 2015, though the video fails to say where the ceremony will take place.
veteran broadcaster claims legislation designed to stop golf clubs from discriminating against female members has instead prompted a decline in women's membership. some clubs had previously only allowed female members if they played at restricted times in return for a discounted membership fee. but the Equality Act 2010 ruled that this was illegal discrimination.
the last four managers to have won the premier league have all left their jobs by the following year – three sacked and one retired. manuel pellegrini guided city to their second premier league title in three seasons back in may. chelsea remain nine points adrift of leaders chelsea, who retain a game in hand.
mailonline ran a story on April Fools' Day stating that both pre-match teamtalks by captains Per Mertesacker and Jordan Henderson would be streamed live to the world. the story was of course a hoax but it managed to create plenty of confusion for wenger and the assembled press at Thursday's media gathering. 'Per Mertesacker this week is going to give a team talk live around the world,' the journalist asked.
leighton baines and Luke garbutt visited alder Hey children's hospital. the pair handed out Easter eggs and posed for photographs. baines hailed the 'unbelievable strength and character' of the children.
Oscar has a capital one cup medal to his name this season. the 23-year-old also scored in Brazil's recent 3-1 win over France. scouts from Serie a giants Juventus were present to watch Oscar in action.
Carlisle united lost 3-1 at Accrington Stanley on saturday. manager Keith Curle has laid into his players following the defeat. he said some players 'don't deserve to be professionals'.
sportsmail's Jamie Carragher accused Yaya Toure of ducking out of the way of Jason Puncheon's free-kick. toure was part of a five-man wall when the defeat killed off city's chances. the £200,000-a-week midfielder is paid £200,000-a-week.
Charlie Sumner, 20, staged a one-man pitch invasion at Reading's madejski stadium. the fan ran topless onto the pitch and performed a series of somersaults. he did four front flips, landing on his back each time, before being tackled. the order, due to be decided on April 30, would stop him going to all Reading's future home and away matches.
arsenal playmaker posted a picture on twitter relaxing with his dog. the german impressed as the gunners beat gerogia 2-0 on sunday. the midfielder missed the last game against Newcastle through illness. but he is expected to start against liverpool at the weekend.
Lionel Messi suffered a foot injury in barca's 2-1 win over real last month. the top scorer in la liga should be fit for the trip to Celta Vigo. barca are four points clear at the top of la liga with 10 games left.
Greg Dyke was given one of a limited edition of Parmigiani watches by the Brazilian FA during a FIFA Congress meeting in Sao Paulo. when the watches were recalled, Dyke initially refused to hand his back. he promised to donate it to the FA's official charity partner, breast cancer care. but with the threat of sanctions if he did not return the watch, FIFA's ethics committee has now closed proceedings on the matter.
Tyler Walker scored his first senior goal for Nottingham forest against Brentford. the 18-year-old is the son of former England and Nottingham Forest defender des. he has managed just 56 minutes in his fledgling career so far.
veteran broadcaster says attempts to give women equal rights in golf have 'caused mayhem' claims the corporation should have tried harder to win the rights to the open. 84-year-old admits the corporation could not compete with Sky's deep pockets. 'i regret that the BBC has lost the Open championship, but I said it might do 10 years ago,' he says.
Amanda Beringer asked her brother Brad Fraser to make a toast at her wedding. the song poked fun at some of the burdens of marriage. the crowd erupt into a standing ovation at the end of the performance.
the former-Chelsea defender limped off after 35 minutes against Marseille. he was caught by a stray leg, and signalled to the bench that he would need to be replaced. reports suggest it was a muscle pull, and he will have scans on monday.
John Daniel Tohill, 37, was last heard from by family in 2005 after he left Nelson on the Tasman bay to travel north. but on Tuesday evening his brother received a call from John saying he had would be visiting them in the coming weeks.
four-month-old Noah Monte perfectly balancing on the palm of his father's hand as he's lifted through the air. his outstretched arms help him to remain airborne.
Lucy Garrod, 27, woke up one morning with an itchy and irritable right eye. she feared she would not be able to carry on with her photography degree. but she learned to take photographs with her left eye and passed with first class honours.
the critters were filmed at Indiana's Indianapolis Zoo after getting a makeshift backboard and hoop installed in their pen. instead of an even-surfaced court, they're forced to contend with the hilly floor of their enclosure.
a video uploaded by YouTube user shkesi shows a baby girl mesmerized by a toy mothering hen.
snowstorm engulfed a bridge and then a river in a matter of seconds in Russia. a video maker captured the storm, which initially looks like a large white cloud, from the bank of a river. it then grows in size and begins moving at a speed of 45mph towards the Kommunalnyi Bridge, which it instantly dwarfs.
slow-motion footage shows the dog licking his lips and enthusiastically leaping up to catch a hard-boiled egg between his teeth. but despite his best efforts, the egg narrowly misses his jaw, bounces off his chest and hits the grass instead.
loushanna and Shawn Craig had gone to the island for a three-day break. but the 37-year-old was refused to fly home over fears she was an illegal immigrant. her biometric ID card was stolen and she was left stranded for two weeks. the mother-of-four has placed the blame squarely on the shoulders of Ryanair.
Christopher Dodd, 24, and Fay Purdham, 27, are now a couple. the pair grew up together as boys before losing touch as teenagers. miss Purdham began her transition to becoming a woman by taking hormones. they reunited at a party years later and are planning their dream wedding.
the world no 1 is bidding to win a fifth major and complete a career grand slam. he was on the cover of men's health magazine and said he was 'obsessed' with the gym. three-time Masters winner sir Nick Faldo said he was concerned about the weights.
the balloon collided with a transmission tower and crashed to the ground. the balloon catches the side of the tower and the basket plummets to the ground. the instructor and two passengers were hospitalised with cuts and bruises.
Graeme McDowell admits he has sometimes needed to spend time in a padded room after failing to get to grips with the challenges posed by Augusta National. the 35-year-old has made the cut just twice in seven attempts in the Masters - although he finished 17th in 2009 and 12th in 2012. the northern irishman has vowed to play 'aggressive' golf to improve his record.
Tiger Woods completed 11 holes of practice at augusta national on monday. the 39-year-old is returning from a self-imposed break from golf. the 14-time major winner has not won a major since the 2008 us open.
notts county have appointed former Tottenham and Hamburg coach Ricardo Moniz as their new manager. the 50-year-old has six games to save his side from relegation to league two. the club have confirmed that Dave Kevan will be Moniz's assistant.
residents in alderholt, Dorset, woke to find a chocolate egg on their doorsteps. the bunny delivered the eggs to every house in the village of 3,000 people. residents described the deed as 'a wonderful act of random kindness'
Arnold Palmer is unable to play as he recovers from a dislocated shoulder. the 85-year-old will act as honorary starter on Thursday. he will mark his 44th and last consecutive appearance at the Masters.
Dundee united have lost seven of their last nine matches in all competitions. last win was way back on January 24 against Motherwell. but manager Paul Hartley is refusing to believe that will make his side's job any easier.
aston villa host queens park rangers at wembley on tuesday night. sherwood has vowed to give his friend the red-button treatment. if he tries calling him ahead of the game, they will leapfrog villa.
Tomas Berdych beat Juan Monaco 6-3, 6-4 in the Miami Open quarter-finals. it is the Czech's first meeting with Andy Murray since the australian open semi-final.
the 33-year-old posted a snap of himself posing with a snowball and racket. he was wearing the scarf of FC Basel, the football team he supports. the world no 2 opted not to appear at the Miami Open this year.
Exeter Chiefs beat Newcastle Falcons 48-13 to set up a semi-final showdown with Gloucester. a David Ewers score and a penalty try helped the home side into a 17-6 half-time lead. the victory means Exeter will take on Gloucester at Kingsholm in two weeks' time for a place in the final.
the 18-year-old was mucking out the stables as usual on tuesday morning. he showed off a cut on the nose to show for the fall which has made him an internet sensation. his double somersault horror fall from the favourite Merrion Square has been watched hundreds of thousands of times online.
australian goanna filmed swallowing a whole rabbit in under a minute. the two-metre long reptile balances at the top of a towering power pole. goannas can unhinge their lower jaws when feeding, allowing them to dispose of over-sized prey.
Saracens chairman Nigel Wray has dismissed rugby’s salary caps rules as ‘a farce’ in financial documents seen by the mail on Sunday. documents show his club’s wage bill soared by another £1million last season alone. a move by Saracens last December to scrap the salary cap drew no public support from other premiership clubs.
the 29-year-old seamer is back in Test contention after his comeback last summer was cut short by injury. he managed 18 wickets in four Tests prior to that, playing a big part for an England side often criticised for going easy on the speed gun. a minor ankle complaint during Yorkshire's pre-season trip to Abu Dhabi proved to be nothing more than a brief setback.
Martin Guptill has not represented the Black Caps at Test level since the 2013 tour of England. the 23-year-old smashed 237 against the west indies in the recent world cup. Matt Henry has been called up to the test squad for the first time.
alastair cook feels Jonathan Trott is ready for international cricket return. the 33-year-old has been a rock at no 3 for four years. he was picked for this three-test tour of the Caribbean after fighting his way back into contention.
alastair cook feels the batsman is ready for the 'pressure cooker' of international cricket. the 33-year-old left the 2013/14 Ashes trip after just one match at the Gabba. the pair are heavy favourites to open the batting together in west indies.
barney Gibson has retired from cricket four years after his debut. the 19-year-old was the youngest first-class wicketkeeper in county history. he said it was a 'difficult decision' to retire at such a young age.
the world endurance championship have announced that there will be no more 'grid girls' before races. the move is seen as a progressive one by those in a male-dominated sport. 'race queens' or 'umbrella girls' have long been a feature of formula one.
Jonathan Trott touched down in the west indies for the first time since leaving last winter's ashes tour with a stress-related illness. the 33-year-old has slowly rehabilitated his career with both Warwickshire and the England Lions and is now on the brink of returning to test cricket. renowned sports psychiatrist Dr Steve Peters said there is no magic cure and that Trott had worked hard to counter his problems.
all-rounder Moises Henriques has signed a deal to play in the NatWest T20 Blast. he will join Surrey after the Indian Premier League season ends next month. the 28-year-old will be with the club throughout the season and also as overseas cover for Kumar Sangakkara.
gymnast won silver and bronze at the 2012 Olympic games in London. he will represent Great Britain for the first time since winning two medals. he is currently dating former the only way is Essex star Lucy Mecklenburgh.
John Higgins defeated Judd Trump 5-4 to move into the quarter-finals. the veteran Scot will face home favourite and defending champion Ding Junhui. world no 1 mark selby beat two-time world champion mark Williams 5-2.
west bromwich albion host queens park rangers at the hawthorns (saturday 3pm) west brom's Craig Dawson is suspended for his challenge on Wilfried Bony. qpr youngster darnell furlong is likely to miss out with a calf injury.
Jonas Gutierrez came in for his first start in 20 months. the Argentine has twice beaten testicular cancer. the 31-year-old was the visitors' best player.
Leicester city host west ham at the King power stadium (saturday 3pm) matt upson is out of the game with an achilles problem. defender limped off in their 4-3 defeat by Tottenham before the international break.
Kevin Pietersen has signed a new contract with Surrey. the 34-year-old is hoping to press for an England recall through weight of runs in the LV= County Championship. he is expected to feature in his first championship match since 2013.
the fierce rivalry between Bayern Munich and Borussia Dortmund has dominated german football for much of the past decade. der Klassiker was one of the highlights on the european football calendar. a Bayern win would confirm what we already know, that they will be champions for a third successive season. the transferable Klassiker tag could soon be applied to another fixture.
Lyon beat Guingamp 3-1 to move back to the top of Ligue 1. it was Lyon's first win in three and moved them back above Paris St Germain. two quick-fire penalties saw Montpellier come from behind to beat Bastia 3-1.
Roma ended their four-month winless streak at home with a victory over Napoli. goalkeeper Morgan de Sanctis saved shot after shot by the visitors. 'to win in front of our fans fills us with pride,' said de Sanctis.
captain Lee McCulloch was sent off during Rangers' 2-1 win over hearts. he was shown a straight red card for fouling striker Osman sow. he apologised to him and the players after the game at ibrox.
if selected on Sunday, ace will form part of a Rangers guard of honour. despite much injury-induced frustration in his three seasons in govan, the winger remains adamant he can prove his worth by rekindling the kind of form he once showed.
real madrid beat Granada 9-1 at the Bernabeu. goals from Cristiano Ronaldo (5), Karim Benzema (2), Gareth Bale and a Diego Mainz own goal secure a huge win. a Diego Mainz own goal seals a consolation for Granada.
fighting between rival fans forced a match between arsenal Tula and Torpedo Moscow to be suspended for seven minutes on sunday. the match was stopped after 31 minutes after fans broke down barriers and threw chairs. referee Alexander Yegorov told the players to leave the pitch and head for the dressing rooms.
west Ham manager Sam Allardyce wants the club to qualify through Fair Play. allardyce led bolton Wanderers into UEFA cup qualification in 2005. the hammers are currently ninth in the premier league table.
Hull are 15th in the premier league, three points off the relegation zone. they have lost five of their last eight matches against top sides. but midfielder David Meyler is confident his side will stay in the top flight.
arsenal host liverpool at anfield on saturday (12.45pm) everton host southampton on saturday (3pm) manchester united host aston villa on saturday (3pm) west bromwich albion host QPR on sunday (5.30pm)
spanish papers report on the attacking selection that Carlo Ancelotti now has at the club. for the first time since November midfield quartet Isco, Toni Kroos, Luka Modric and James Rodriguez are all fit and available alongside famed 'BBC' triumvirate of Gareth Bale, Karim Benzema and Cristiano Ronaldo. the latter is the favourite due to his impressive stats in his debut season at real.
striker Robin van persie ruled out of united's clash with aston villa. defender Jonny Evans sits out fourth match of six-game ban. defenders papiss cisse and raheem sterling also ruled out.
Kolo Toure has warned Raheem Sterling about the dangers of leaving anfield. toure used to play for city with Jack Rodwell and Scott Sinclair. toure says he is 'quite flattered' by interest from arsenal and liverpool.
the premier league returns this weekend after the fourth interruption this season for international fixtures. six premier league clubs are still chasing their first win directly following an international break this season. the toffees have won all three of their matches following the international break.
the bookmakers aren't convinced the grim cycle can be broken this year. it is eight long, barren years since an english club claimed the top prize in european rugby. despite the presence of four english sides in the last eight of the new Champions Cup, there is a consensus among the bookies that holders Toulon are destined to finish on top for the third successive year.
the top two sides in Group B meet at the Cardiff City Stadium on June 12. Wales are in their best position to qualify for a major tournament since the 1958 world cup finals in Sweden. Belgium and Wales both have 11 points from five games.
mark Hughes insists he will have money to spend this summer if needed. asmir Begovic is out of contract at the end of next season. the 27-year-old is set to open talks over extending his stay at the club.
liverpool host arsenal at the emirates stadium on saturday (3.30pm kick-off) sterling has been linked with a move to arsenal - the team he is preparing to face at the weekend. the england international said he was not ready to sign a new contract.
the 20-year-old rejected a £100,000-a-week contract at the emirates. he said he is focusing on winning trophies with his club for the time being. but how much of what he told BBC Sport can we believe?
cosmin moti kung-fu tackled CSKA Sofia's Stefan Nikolic. the defender connected cleanly with the rib-cage but the referee waved play on. the defender saved two penalties during the 4-0 win against CSKA.
the 20-year-old scored in the 4-0 win over Lithuania at wembley on friday. he is still in position to reject contract offers of £100,000 per week. the forward is confident enough to express his views to the BBC without the knowledge of his club.
the 20-year-old has been offered a new £100,000-a-week contract at anfield. but he admits he is 'flattered' by interest from arsenal. rodgers insists he is'relaxed' about his contract situation. he also says he is'relaxed' that he will not be going anywhere this summer.
Bojan Krkic has picked his premier league team of the season. the striker has been recovering from a serious knee injury. he is scheduled to return to action in the summer.
Ben Hiscox, 30, was playing home game for Stoke Gifford united in Bristol. he slipped on wet ground following tackle and slammed head on wall. knocked unconscious for five minutes but managed to move himself away. but three days later, he suffered two seizures and died in hospital. close friend and club vice-chairman: 'it was just a tragic accident'
the rugby legend's wife Amy Huberman caught wind of the picture on social media. 'you know when your husband is away in Hong Kong on a very important business trip...' she wrote. 'i better get a giant Toblerone from duty free'
the 20-year-old has been offered a £100,000-a-week deal to stay at anfield. he revealed in a BBC interview that he would have signed for less a year ago. but he admitted it was 'quite flattering' to be linked with arsenal. the reds face arsenal at the emirates stadium on saturday.
the 20-year-old has turned down a new £100,000-a-week deal at anfield. but he insists he is not a'money-grabbing 20-year-old' and will still be a player. he also admitted that links to arsenal were 'quite flattering'.
arsene wenger has revealed the selection process he uses to pick his team. the arsenal boss only makes the final decision on the morning of the game. wenger has won three premier league titles and five FA Cups.
henyekane was on loan at free state stars from pretoria-based mamelodi sundowns. the 31-year-old was travelling with four other people in the vehicle. he was the only person to die in the crash on thursday morning.
Darren Bent has scored seven goals on loan at promotion-chasing Derby. the 31-year-old said villa were '100 per cent' correct to sack Paul Lambert. he also praised manager Steve McClaren as one of the best he has played under.
argentina beat Ecuador 2-1 at the metlife stadium in new jersey on tuesday night. striker Sergio Aguero opened the scoring for the hosts after eight minutes. javier Pastore equalised for the hosts with a header from a corner.
the two biggest names at the Masters this week have gone to the same Augusta club member to help them realise their dreams. Rory McIlroy believes Jeff Knox reads the mysterious augusta putting surfaces better than anyone he has ever seen. on friday Knox completed something of a notable double when he answered the call from Tiger Woods to play a practice round.
paddy connolly has been in temporary charge of the wasps since march 7. Danny Lennon took charge of the team for a 2-1 friendly victory against Hungary last month. a permanent appointment for the role of national Under 21 coach will be made in due course.
JB Holmes took victory in a play-off at the Shell Houston Open. the 21-year-old stormed up the leaderboard with a brilliant start. overnight leader Jordan Spieth saw his advantage go before he was on course.
Kelvin Day is three shots behind the leaders at the shell Houston open. the 27-year-old is in with a chance of making the masters at augusta. the englishman has only played a handful of events on the web.com tour.
first utility have announced a new format for the player of the month award. fans will be asked to vote for their choice on the facebook page. they will then be entered into a prize draw to present the player of the month.
Phil Mickelson capped his resurgence in form at the Houston Open. the american is one shot behind leader putnam going into the third round. Justin Rose continued his upturn in form with a round of 68.
Danny Willett is aiming to become the first debutant to win The Masters since Fuzzy Zoeller in 1979. the 27-year-old won on his Augusta debut in 2007. the pair met in the first round of the amateur championship in 2007.
the 33-year-old made his debut for the three lions against Mexico in 2001. he has played for the three lions for 13 years, 310 days. carrick will be the first non-goalkeeper since the legendary sir Stanley to have an international career spanning more than 15 years.
'i'm going to turn into the horriblest, most awkward b******d you have ever come across,' he said. the 55-year-old was unflattering after being snapped on a beach in barbados. he has promised his wife Janet he will go on a diet.
fa chairman wants to increase the minimum number of homegrown players in club squads from eight to 12. the proposals also include changing the rules so that 'home-grown' means having trained in England for three years before the age of 18 rather than before 21. only 81 of the 220 premier league starters in the last round of matches were eligible for selection.
Mauricio pochettino wants to meet with the FA before approving Harry Kane's involvement in the forthcoming european under 21 championship. the england striker will be available for the competition in the Czech republic despite playing for the seniors in recent clashes against Lithuania and Italy. pochettino fears Kane may suffer burnout and sees him as key to the club’s PR strategy ahead of their post-season tour of australia and Malaysia.
arsene wenger is concerned theo walcott's confidence is plummeting. the arsenal boss will have a heart-to-heart chat with the winger. the 26-year-old was hauled off after 55 minutes against italy.
liverpool have made discreet overtures about 20-year-old striker. sterling has claimed he is not motivated by money in stalling over £100,000-a-week contract. he has also admitted he is 'quite flattered' by interest from arsenal.
the sandy-colored canine was found sprawled in a pool of his own blood on a rural road in Cass County, north Dakota. he needed more than 50 stitches after being set upon with an eight inch blade.
sir alex ferguson won 38 trophies in 26-and-a-half years at manchester united. the 73-year-old admitted he had to change his sleeping patterns as he got older. he was appointed as the red Devils manager in 1986 at the age of 45. he announced his retirement at the end of the 2012-13 season aged 71.
Raheem sterling has rejected a new £100,000-a-week contract at anfield. the 20-year-old scored over 50 goals when he was just 20 years old. he had been named PFA Young Player of the Year (1998) and won BBC Sports Personality of the Year. there were also 18 England caps and he had passed 50 career goals.
the former Chelsea man pulled up with a hamstring injury against rivals Marseille. scans revealed he will be out of action for at least four weeks. the 27-year-old could miss both legs of the quarter-final tie with Barcelona.
investigators said he tried to exact the ownership of a condo and $1 million in cash from the victim, who has only been identified as D.B. in a march 20 indictment, Brank was charged with felony extortion by threatening to injure someone's reputation.
Sam Tomkins has been released by the new zealand warriors. the 26-year-old is interested his former club, where his brother Joel plays. wigan have an option to bring him back to the DW Stadium.
dr Neil Phillips has died at the age of 83. he was the team doctor for the 1966 world cup campaign. a service of thanksgiving will take place in his home town of malvern.
barred from bringing their cell phones on to the Georgia course, fans have adapted by going back to the future and using their pocket-sized digital cameras or their old 35mm bodies and lenses. when play begins on Thursday, fans will have to put them back on the shelves.
four in 10 households now own one tablet, a fifth have two and 11 per cent have three or more. average household now owns 7.4 internet-enabled devices.
mark Clattenburg will officiate the derby between united and city. the referee sent off city captain Vincent Kompany during the international break. the 40-year-old has only sent off two players this season.
capped rugby star was not at his home in county Antrim when it was targeted. bullets tore through windows and ended up embedded in kitchen and bathroom walls. police are appealing for witnesses and said the incident had 'criminal elements'
TV presenter Lisa Oldfield decided she had to make a change to tackle her weight after her son sketched an unflattering portrait of her. the 40-year-old said she barely recognised herself in the drawing and was horrified to think her sons Harry, 4, and Bert, 2, saw her that way. she posted pictures of the 5.5 litres of fat she had removed online.
manchester united beat aston villa 2-1 at old trafford on saturday. the win means united have won five premier league games on the bounce. but manager Juan Mata says his side must look at the next seven games as 'finals'.
a three metre python bit off more than it could chew when it tried to swallow a family pet cat. the black and white cat had been missing for three days. pythons can grow to be up to eight metres long, and are known to eat mammals as large as kangaroos.
the 450kg beast was coated in a yellow marinade before being lowered by crane into a 6m-tall tandoor kiln. the kiln was built specially with more than 10,000 bricks, yellow mud and salt. the chef and his apprentices spent five days erecting the cooking device and warmed it up for 48 hours.
south american duo Radamel Falcao and Sergio Aguero feature in a promo video for sponsors Puma. both players feature in the 'Head to Head' production. the video features the duo battling it out in a cage style match.
dayna dobias, 19, from downers Grove was born with cerebral palsy, but she hopes to inspire others with her enthusiastic videos. her motivation for creating the video was to counteract stereotypes held by people over certain disabilities.
police were called to the scene in the north las vegas neighborhood at about 11.30am on Thursday. the father, 24, and other family members inside did not know that the toddler had gotten out of the house and on to the driveway. the incident was deemed an accident and no charges will be filed.
a Florida woman has been arrested for driving under the influence after she allegedly caused a scene at a McDonald's drive-through while wearing nothing but a bra and panties, police say. Lydia Kelm, 23, had a blood-alcohol content of.247 when police tested her after showing up to the McDonald's early Monday morning. police say that instead of purchasing food and driving away, Kelm revved her engine loudly and backed up twice, prompting workers to yell
Travis Hatfield, 21, from Gilbert, west Virginia sung a George Jones hit to his 47-year-old uncle, Jamie Joe Cline. 'he's one of the sweetest people I have ever met,' wrote Travis on his Facebook page. the video has gone viral with more than 410,000 views so far.
FIFA presidential candidate Luis Figo disputed the claim that all 54 votes from the continent will go to incumbent Sepp Blatter. the former portuguese international was in Egypt at the CAF congress to canvass for votes. Figo, prince Ali bin al-Hussein and the Dutch football association president Michael van Praag are opposing Blatter.
dashcam footage, shared by dailymotion.com user Vidsking, shows a giant St. Bernard running across a road somewhere in the Czech Republic.
real madrid host Rayo Vallecano in the la liga derby on tuesday night. the spanish paper Marca focuses on superstar forward Cristiano Ronaldo. the 30-year-old scored five goals in real's 9-1 win against Granada at the weekend.
manchester city were beaten 3-1 by crystal palace on monday night. manuel pellegrini's side are currently bottom of the premier league. city captain Vincent Kompany believes a win will help them'rectify' their season.
aston villa rescued a point against queens park rangers at villa park. a hat-trick from Christian Benteke secured a point for his side. defender Charlie Austin scored his 17th premier league goal of the season.
the 19-year-old won the amateur championship at royal portrush last year. he secured invites to the Masters and US Open in 2015. but he admits he may turn professional before his grand slam bid. world no 1 has backed the youngster as he ponders when to turn professional.
strike by french air traffic controllers could cause severe delays. easyJet, Ryanair and flybe among airlines forced to cancel flights. new passport regulations could cause queues on roads to dover and folkestone.
the video was obtained from a store owner in the Richmond Hill section of queens. it shows a man dressed in a hooded sweatshirt and sweatpants dragging the limp body of a woman from the backseat of a parked car at around 12.30am Saturday. the woman was critically injured and still has not regained consciousness.
the incoming ECB chairman has been responsible for the mixed messages that leave the England team in as big a state of turmoil and internal rebellion as ever. he has become the loose cannon of english cricket and he has yet to take up office. he has created a soap opera that will run and run now pietersen has rejoined Surrey.
Andy Murray faces Tomas Berdych in the semi-final of the Miami Open. the pair met at the same stage of the australian open in January. fiancee Kim Sears was caught uttering expletives towards Berdych.
police say the'spontaneous' attack could have been linked to an earlier incident. it is believed Greg Gibbins had helped a woman when she was being harassed earlier in the night. a 20-year-old man has been charged with murder of the football player.
the 6-foot-10, hard-serving Isner is the first American to reach the semi finals in Miami since 2011. he'll next face either world no. 1 Novak Djokovic or David Ferrer on friday night. Andy Murray will face Tomas Berdych in the other semi final.
manchester united host city at old trafford on sunday. united are currently third in the premier league table. the red devils are one point ahead of their bitter rivals. click here for all the latest manchester united news.
Carla Suarez Navarro beat Andrea Petkovic 6-3, 6-3 in a semi-final. the 12th seed will play either top seed Serena Williams or third seed Simona Halep. it's the eighth time that suarez Navarro has reached a final.
Lewis Ferguson was flung from his horse in spectacular fashion at wincanton. the 18-year-old was mucking out the stables as usual. he was back riding out and is undeterred from getting back in the saddle.
the world no 1 is hoping to complete the career grand slam by winning the Masters. the world no 1 insists he has arrived at augusta ready to play. he says he hasn't been working on anything in his game for a week.
jockey AP McCoy is about to gain his 20th consecutive jockeys' championship and retire. he has not decided yet whether he is riding Shutthefrontdoor in the £1million Crabbie's Grand National at Aintree on April 11. 'he is a clean-winded horse, who is not hard to get ready. he was ready to run and win first time out at Carlisle,' he said.
Saracens beat Racing Metro 12-11 in the champions cup semi-finals. Marcelo Bosch kicked a 55-metre penalty in the final act of the match. the 31-year-old said he was surprised to see Bosch take the penalty. he said: 'with kicks like this you're either the hero of the day or the bad guy'
Matt Prior has not played since losing his place to Jos Buttler last summer. the 33-year-old is still recovering from an achilles injury. Prior admitted he may never play Test cricket again.
mark Selby beats Gary Wilson 10-2 in the final of the Baic Motor China Open. world no 1 claimed his sixth ranking title and £85,000 in prize money. the 31-year-old won the german masters title in february.
Argentinian kicks the match-winning penalty from long-range to snatch Saracens a semi-final berth. it was the 31-year-old's finest moment since arriving on continental shores. he was escorted off the pitch by security but his call –penalising replacement lock Fabrice Metz with 10 seconds left – was the correct decision.
bafetimbi gomis doubles home side's lead with a thunderous overhead kick before half-time. the french striker volleyed past allan McGregor and into the roof of the net to double the home side's lead. the defeat brings their winless run to five and leaves them in a right mess.
Wisconsin defeated Kentucky 71-64 in the semi-finals of the NCAA tournament at the Lucas Oil Stadium in Indianapolis. the Badgers will play top-seeded Duke, an 81-61 winner over Michigan State in the earlier semi-final, at the Lucas Oil Stadium on Monday night. justise winslow scored 19 points and Jahlil Okafor added 18 to lead top-seeded Duke to an 81-61 victory over Michigan State.
Harry Kane became the youngest premier league player to be captain this season at the age of 21 years and 251 days. he drew the attention away from the cold reality of a disappointing display against burnley at turf moor. the striker had a bad day at the office by his recent high standards.
daley spent most of last year battling to master his 'demon' dive. he spent the winter modifying the plunge with new coach Jane Figueiredo. the former world champion won silver at the recent world diving series.
Ryuichi Kiyonari powered in a scorching time of one minute 29.455 seconds. he headed off the close attentions of James Ellison on the JG Speedfit Kawasaki by just 0.029secs. defending champion Shane Byrne completed the front row of the grid.
esteban cambiasso says keeping Leicester in the premier league will feel like winning a trophy. the midfielder has won all the major european competitions a player can during his illustrious career. cambiasso signed for the foxes in the summer after ten years in italy.
sportsmail have teamed up with Gillette to offer one lucky reader the chance to win a pair of Nike Magista Obra boots signed by the goalkeeper. the prize winner will also receive a Gillette Fusion ProGlide razor and shaving foam.
the 29-year-old scored in the 1-1 friendly draw with England on Tuesday. he has not scored in his last 13 premier league games. the striker has thanked his fans for continuing to support him.
former light blues midfielder says he was warned not to take the job. but he insists he has made the right decision to take the job at the end of the season. he has seen his new side win their last three games in a row.
winger Vincent Duport ruled out for the rest of the season with a shoulder injury. duport suffered a ruptured tendon in the dragons' defeat at Hull on march 20. head coach Laurent Frayssinous describes the news as a 'hugely disappointing blow'
Danny Higginbotham was about to take on aston villa in 2007-08. assistant manager Roy Keane sat them down in the changing room. but instead of encouraging his players to put their poor start to the season behind them, the former manchester united midfielder delivered an astonishing team talk. in his new autobiography, he describes how Keane once demanded for him to swear at and criticise his team-mates.
man city have not won a premier league game having trailed at half-time in almost 20 years. last time they won having been in a losing position at half-time was on April 17, 1995 when they beat Blackburn Rovers 3-2. city's goalscorers that day were defender Keith Curle, former Brentford boss Uwe Rosler and Paul Walsh.
Memphis moved into a tie for the second seed in the NBA's Southwest Division with a 100-92 win over Oklahoma City on friday. the Grizzlies defence shut down Thunder star Russell Westbrook repeatedly. the grizzlies moved level with Houston atop the southwest division, both trailing golden state, which has already sealed the conference title.
Tiger Woods was pictured giving his children hugs during the second day of practice. the former world no1 has returned to action after taking a break from golf to recover from a series of niggling injuries and rediscover his form. the first practice session on Monday had been Woods' first public appearance for 60 days.
Bayern Munich face bayer leverkusen in the german cup quarter-finals. pep guardiola believes jerome Boateng is one of the best centre backs in the world at the moment. bastian Schweinsteiger has also been ruled out of the game.
daryl Janmaat played full 90 minutes against sunderland on sunday. the 25-year-old admits the derby wasn't good enough for the black cats. he said: 'if you are not good enough, then most of the time, you lose'.
Ian Poulter was so excited to get started at Augusta that he forgot his clubs. 'beware the injured golfer' has entered the sport's lexicon. henrik stenson is just getting over a nasty bout of flu. Tiger Woods will be accompanied by his two offspring, Charlie and Sam.
per Mertesacker says arsenal have brought back the 'arguing culture' after heavy defeats. the german says confrontation can be vital for a teams mentality. arsene wenger's side were thrashed 6-3 by city and 5-1 by liverpool last season.
the year's first major gets underway at augusta national on tuesday. defending champion bubba Watson is the defending champion in a field that also includes young american stars Jordan Spieth and Rickie Fowler. european stalwarts Justin Rose, Ian Poulter, Lee Westwood and Henrik Stenson are also gunning for glory.
amir Khan is expected to announce his next opponent imminently. british rival Kell Brook is set to feature on his agenda for a wembley blockbuster next year. but american Broner says, 'let's get this money', in the video of their conversation posted on Instagram.
Amir Khan has announced his next fight will be against former world champion Chris Algieri at welterweight on may 30. the bolton fighter had earlier come under increasing pressure to take on British rival and IBF welterweight champion Kell Brook in June. however, he said he was already deep in negotiations to fight somebody else.
a bruising Florida swing last month saw the englishman fall outside the world’s top 10. for the past two weeks, the 34-year-old has spent long hours on the practice ground. in the first round of the Shell Houston Open on Thursday there were encouraging signs his decline will prove temporary.
Lionel Messi has recovered from his foot injury and should be fit to face Celta Vigo on Sunday. the 27-year-old sat out both of his country's friendlies against El Salvador and Ecuador over the international break. a statement on the club's website read: 'the inflammation of Messi's foot has improved'.
the world number one is hoping to complete his career grand slam with a victory at Augusta later this month. the 25-year-old has just one top-10 finish to his name in six Masters appearances, finishing joint eighth last year despite the embarrassment of being outscored by his marker in the third round. but the world number one cannot picture going through his career without slipping on at least one coveted green jacket.
Freddie Roach has blasted the elder mayweather ahead of the mega-fight. he said he would be far better off preparing for the fight with his uncle. but mayweather Snr has refused to respond to the criticism.
'there's two sides to me. i'm a competitor and a sports person, and i'm also the recipient of two transplants, and i know what that involves,' he said on monday. 'when you put them together, it does make a little bit of spaghetti in my mind sometimes you know,' he said.
dufner and wife Amanda married back in 2012 - but separated in 2015. the divorce was finalised on march 31 after an 'irretrievable breakdown'. as part of the settlement Amanda has been awarded $2.5million (£1.8m) while Jason will keep two of the couple's houses.
the 17-year-old shot a 1-under 71 at the ANA Inspiration in california. she equalled former world no 1 Annika Sorenstam's record of 29 under par rounds in a row. the top-ranked new Zealander started the streak in the first round of her victory in the season-ending CME Group Tour Championship last year.
crystal palace are convinced Yannick Bolasie will learn from Wilfried Zaha's mistakes. the winger has dazzled for the club since Alan pardew took over in January. pardew believes it would take astronomical money to tempt palace into selling.
conor McAleny scored a late equaliser to give Cardiff a 1-0 lead. Pavel Pogrebnyak had given the visitors the lead with four minutes to go. but the result leaves them with lingering relegation worries in the championship.
captain Steven Gerrard will leave anfield at the end of the season to join la galaxy. the 34-year-old will miss the quarter-final replay with blackburn on tuesday. reds legend Robbie Fowler has warned his players not to focus on Gerrard.
benik afobe has scored 28 goals this season - one behind man-of-the-moment Harry Kane of Tottenham and England. the 22-year-old striker doubled his side's advantage from the penalty spot after he was fouled by forest's Henri Lansbury. he has nine goals in 15 appearances for kenny jackett's Wanderers.
blackburn face liverpool in the quarter-finals of the fa cup on tuesday. blackburn drew 5-0 at home to champions city last season. but winger Tom Cairney has sympathy for the youngster. the 24-year-old says he 'needed something to clean his car with'.
Elliot Minchella has failed to break into the Rhinos squad so far this season. the 19-year-old has made six substitute appearances for the club. he has joined on loan from Leeds until the end of the season.
first-half goals from Kenny Miller and Haris Vuckic secured a 2-1 win over championship winners hearts on sunday. 'i'm beginning to trust the players the more and more i work with them,' said Stuart McCall.
Lucas Barrios missed a penalty early in the second half to put the visitors in front. a win would have moved them level on points with third-placed Marseille. the result sees Monaco remain in fourth place, behind Marseille, Lyon and Paris Saint-Germain.
keeper suffered gashed knee in 4-3 win against Leicester city. he will miss trip to burnley as he recovers from injury. 'he is still recovering after his problem - he is out,' says Mauricio pochettino.
blackburn face liverpool in the sixth-round replay at wembley on tuesday. the underdogs rejected a £12million bid from Hull for striker Jordan Rhodes.'someone has got to be the hero for Blackburn Rovers,' says bowyer.
manuel pellegrini knows his side can ill afford to drop points at home. the argentine has warned his side must overcome a difficult obstacle. he will try to close the gap between his side and Chelsea at the top of the premier league.
Eden Hazard, Mesut Ozil and Joey Barton feature in this week's team of the day. everton goalkeeper Tim Howard put in a man-of-the-match performance against Southampton. chelsea's MID - Willian (CHELSEA vs Stoke) - 7.5.
the research was carried out by scientists at brown university in Rhode Island. it pitted nine frequent gamers against a control group of nine people who game rarely, if ever. subjects were shown an on-screen ‘texture’ of visual or horizontal lines. they had to quickly point out - in a fraction of a second - the one area where an anomalous texture appeared. results showed gamers managed to improve performance on both tasks, while non-gamers did what was expected.
Neymar feels his team's tie with PSG will prove a real footballing'spectacle' the brazilian is expecting more fireworks following barca's win over barclays premier league champions Manchester city in the last 16 of the competition.
andros Townsend scored in 1-1 friendly draw with Italy in Turin. former arsenal and england midfielder hit back at criticism from Paul Merson. 'that tweet has been going over in my head,' admits winger.
midfielder Joe Allen believes his side have performed well against the big teams. the 25-year-old has been given an extended opportunity with captain Steven Gerrard no longer an automatic starter and the Brazilian Lucas Leiva recently injured.
the full-back pulled out of Harlequins' Aviva Premiership clash with Saracens. he suffered his fourth quick-fire concussion after being knocked out against wasps on friday night. the northampton wing has been advised not to play again this season.
after beating Tommy Burns in 1908, Jack Johnson became the first ever black world heavyweight champion. a black man had never held sport's greatest prize. he was deemed the wrong colour and a cry went up from white America to find a white challenger.
agent Mino Raiola said he would have never sanctioned Lukaku’s £28million move to Goodison Park last summer. the 21-year-old’s future on Merseyside up in the air, even though he is only one season into a five-year contract.
Lauren Hill, 19, is spending her final days helping to raise money for cancer research and has already accumulated over $1.5million. she uses a wheelchair and sleeps for many hours at Children's Hospital in Cincinnati where she is being treated for a brain tumor. During her senior year of high school, Lauren was diagnosed with DIPG, a rare form of brain cancer with a survival rate of less than 10 percent. but she still made it through a full season with the Mount St. Joseph's women's
Adam Lyth is competing with Jonathan Trott to be Alastair cook's opening partner at the first Test in Antigua on April 13. the left-hander finished with 1,489 runs — more than anyone in the country — six hundreds and a welter of awards.
manuel pellegrini's side lost 2-1 at home to crystal palace on monday night. city players crowded referee Michael Oliver to delay the restart. pellegrini named a team without a single english outfield player.
Jason Puncheon scored what turned out to be the winning goal for the Eagles. the 28-year-old was making his way to take a corner in front of the travelling Manchester city fans when he was hit by a sweet. he reacted by sarcastically clapping in the direction of the city supporters after referee Michael Oliver and his assistant Gary Beswick checked to see if the playmaker was OK.
the university, in Ohio, took action after damning footage emerged of the coach touching an unidentified woman's behind on March 21. the married father-of-two was also accused of grabbing a 'woman's head and moving it toward your crotch' and calling another woman a 'b****' a source told reporters that the incident was so heated a woman slapped him before he was asked to leave.
arsene wenger says he is satisfied with the £42.5million man's explanation. he said he attended a friend's birthday and was only in the club for 30 minutes. but wenger said he is not going soft on discipline.
leinster face bath in the semi-finals of this season's european rugby champions cup. leinster fronted by captain Jamie Heaslip and have 11 players in the Ireland squad. bath are currently fifth in the competition after winning just one of their last five matches.
Harry Kane will play for the under 21s at this summer's european championships. the 21-year-old scored on his debut against Lithuania at wembley. he has been in talks with gareth southgate about joining the squad.
andros Townsend hailed Harry Kane as the 'best finisher' he has played with. the pair played for England on Tuesday night in a 1-1 draw with Italy. 'people used to laugh at me but now I think i should get a job as a scout,' he said.
the argentine spent five years with Serie A side Udinese before earning a £30million move to spanish giants Barcelona. Sanchez has impressed for arsenal this season despite being rested for two games by arsene wenger with a sore hamstring. 'putting him on the bench is like taking a toy from a child,' says manager Pasquale Marino.
golden eagle filmed gate-crashing a football team's training session. the bird is seen standing over a football before giving it a peck. after standing and shaking its head, the bird then rolls the ball to the left. it then jumps up on it with both feet and causes it to roll away.
veteran defender is preparing to take on spurs in the premier league on sunday. the 37-year-old has played in eight different divisions before joining burnley for £30,000 in 2004. the veteran defender is 26 days younger than everton's Sylvain Distin.
gareth southgate's squad finished fourth in the tournament last may. the nucleus of that group will be involved in the european under 21 championships this summer. aidy boothroyd will be the man in charge of the Under 20s this time.
Keith Curle is one of only four managers in the country's top 92 clubs who has played for england. the former manchester united boss insists football management was always his priority after ending his playing career. 'it's the life I want for myself,' he said.
the golfer's girlfriend, bikini model Alexis Randock, had posted a photo on her Instagram account of her and sister Nicole on the beach last week. the photo was shared with her 25,000 followers, which included an abusive commenter known as 'fatalsplash' who was quick to judge and accused Alexis of being a 'gold digger'
models strutted their stuff in items made from the precious metal on a catwalk in Xi'an in north-western china. it took 30 craftsmen three months to make the gold shirt and the women's clothing which is also worth around £40,000.
liverpool host arsenal at anfield in the premier league on saturday. the reds have won just one of their last five games in all competitions. manager brendan rodgers insists he is 'lucky' to be at anfield.
Romelu lukaku has been linked with a move away from everton. the 21-year-old has joined agent mino Raiola on a season-long loan. the italian is one of the most influential agents in the game. he has been involved in deals worth over £400million.
the man, who has not been named, shot himself at the amusement park. he was standing in a smoking area behind the Despicable Me minion mayhem ride. the man was found dead of a self-inflicted gunshot wound.
real madrid are desperate to nab manchester united goalkeeper David De Gea. but they are prepared to wait until next summer if louis van gaal doesn't negotiate. the european champions are looking at the possibility of signing petr cech. in italy there is more news on palermo's Paulo Dybala.
carver was assistant to former Newcastle manager Ruud Gullit in 1999. the Dutchman left out players such as Alan Shearer and Duncan Ferguson. carver is now fighting to win the head coach position beyond the end of this season.
louis van gaal says manchester united can still win the barclays premier league. he also admitted that marouane Fellaini's recent performances have made him almost undroppable. united currently sit fourth in the table but could rise or fall depending on run-in form.
'one in ten are gay aren't they? Fifty-thousand professional footballers, one of them must be,' said the on-loan man. 'i have to say the game's changing a lot. there are a lot of campaigns. I feel it in the dressing room. there's a different feel about it,' he said.
the 25-year-old took to Instagram to post a snap of himself and his daughter. he got her a red Ferrari just like his own, before posing with them. he has made 26 premier league appearances for the south coast club.
sunderland host newcastle in the wear-tyne derby on sunday. the black cats were thrashed 5-1 by Celtic at the old firm in 1998. the 67-year-old insists he will not under-estimate the significance of the game.
Danny Cipriani has taken advantage of a rare free weekend to jet off. the 26-year-old helped Sale to a 23-6 victory against Gloucester last weekend. sale are currently seventh in the Aviva Premiership table.
Lexi Thompson will appear topless on the front of the May edition of Golf Digest. the 20-year-old is the first pro-golfer to appear on a 'Fitness and Power' issue cover. she was the youngest player ever to have appeared in the major tournament.
the 5.45 acre estate in San Clemente, California was bought by the former commander in chief in 1969, six months into his presidency. he entertained 17 heads of state at the home, which was built in 1926 and overlooks the Pacific ocean. 'grand pavilion' measures 9,000 square feet, and boasts several satellite residences for staff. when he resigned in 1974 after the watergate scandal, he retreated to the home, which he referred to as la Casa Pacifica
the 30-year-old scored a superb free-kick against sunderland. he has been a fan in the crowd during three of the last four derby defeats. 'i've left the stadium gutted after every one of them and I've felt it like a fan,' he said.
Remo drew 1-1 with atletico PR in the Brazilian cup on tuesday. the 35-year-old had hexagon panels shaved into his head to resemble a football. the veteran midfielder copped a number of heavy challenges in the first half.
arsenal take on liverpool at the emirates on sunday afternoon. the gunners are third in the premier league and six points clear of the leaders. arsene wenger's side have won all six matches they played in march. the gunners have welcomed back Jack Wilshere, Mikel Arteta, Mathieu Debuchy and Abou Diaby to training this week.
Neymar and team-mate Dani Alves attended the game with his sister. the pair were joined by the Brazilian's sister Rafaella. barca beat real madrid 85-80 in the euro league on tuesday night.
arsenal host liverpool at the emirates in the premier league on saturday. arsene wenger is delighted that Alexis Sanchez chose to join the gunners. the frenchman has scored 19 goals so far this season. click here for all the latest arsenal news.
louis van gaal has revealed he is set to discuss the club with sir alex ferguson. van gaal's side face aston villa in the premier league on saturday. van gaal knows victory over villa could see them leapfrog city into second.
northampton lock courtney lawes made a trademark hit on fly-half Jules Plisson. the tackle angered the saints to the extent that they tried to have him banned. the 26-year-old has been derided as a thug across the channel.
Juan Mata has revealed that Wayne Rooney tells him he can win Euro 2016. the striker has not played for Spain since their exit from the 2014 world cup in the group stages in brazil. mata has spoken of his desire to earn a recall to the squad.
Anthony Joshua takes on Jason Gavern in the ring for the first time in 2015. the british heavyweight is unbeaten in 10 professional fights. the pair will meet at the metro arena in the city of newcastle.
theo walcott and Raheem sterling are both in contract negotiations with their respective clubs. the pair are at starkly different places in their careers. both wingers have played for the likes of liverpool and arsenal this season. wenger has made no secret he is a fan of sterling.
former manchester united boss tipped brazilian for world's best player. 23-year-old has been in superb form for both club and country this season. but he insists there is no standout player capable of rivaling Messi or Ronaldo.
Spain lost 5-1 to Holland in a friendly at the Amsterdam ArenA on tuesday night. goals from Stefan de Vrij and Davy Klaassen gave the hosts the lead. but it was a lack of composure in front of goal that frustrated del bosque.
the 18-year-old was booked into lower Buckeye jail in Phoenix two weeks ago. he is seen on surveillance video walking in a room he is not authorized to be in. two jail employees told him to go back to his cell before he began taking swings at them. he was eventually subdued by a large group of officers who came to the scene. the inmate suffered a brain bleed and broken bones in his face.
Zlatan Ibrahimovic would have been idolised at Marseille, according to former manager Jose Anigo. anigo managed at the Stade Velodrome on a permanent basis between 2001 and 2005. the 33-year-old has been compared with Eric Cantona for the second time in the space of a few days.
Katie Gallegos from Clackamas county, Oregon, decided to take the pooch to a McDonald's drive-thru for an ice cream with his pal Daisy. but while the small female pup takes a few ladylike licks, Cooper gobbles the rest of the cone up in one bite.
Cape Verde is a group of islands 400 miles from Senegal off the west coast of Africa. its population is around 500,000 and boasts both beautiful beaches and striking volcanic landscapes. around a quarter of the squad are european, although 14 of the 19 players used in Portugal were born on the island.
spring-breaker filmed screaming out in terror as harmless sea cow floated past. footage was taken with the help of a selfie-stick in florida. manatees are plant-eating creatures that can grow up to 13ft long.
Xu bought wife for his son, who has learning difficulties, through a middleman. six months after he'married' the couple had not slept together at all. desperate for a 'grandson', he decided to have sex with her himself. after six months trying to get her pregnant, he realised she was infertile. he tried to impregnate the 'daughter-in-law' himself and sold her to another
Radamel falcao has scored three goals in two games for his country. the striker has been unable to hold down a regular first-team place at old trafford. falcao has admitted to becoming tearful over his lack of game time. but he seems to be coping better after the international break.
Cardiff City will have no away fans present at the 3pm kick-off. the club have backed their fans in handing back their allocation of 500 tickets. both clubs have a history of fan trouble but Leeds have not confirmed whether the decision was down to the club, council or police.
reformed party animal Dustin Johnson to prove he can match his gargantuan yardage off the tee with the requisite amount of brain cells. henrik Stenson spent a week in bed with flu recently and reckons his strength is still low, we're almost empty-handed. paul casey is the most likely to join Rory wright and get into contention come Sunday afternoon.
Stephen John Docherty, 66, pleaded guilty to wounding with intent. he hired the victim to complete concrete works at his property. he said he lost control of his temper in the heat of the moment.
Simba was rescued by firefighters in Meckenheim, near bonn, germany. neighbour heard scratching in newly refitted bathroom four weeks ago. it is thought animal crawled under floor boards as bathroom was being renovated.
sunderland defender Santiago Vergini is keen to stay at the club. the 26-year-old played a key role in sunderland's 1-0 derby win over Newcastle. vergini has made 35 appearances for the black cats this season.
aritz aduriz scored a 90th minute equaliser for Athletic Bilbao. the former valencia striker denied his former club a 1-1 draw. a draw moves them above sevilla into fourth place in the serie a table.
the black-eyed bandit was found stuck 30ft-high on a flag pole outside Philadelphia’s Cathedral Basilica of Saints Peter and Paul on Tuesday morning. video footage shows the animal clinging for life as it teeters on its makeshift perch.
Keaway Lafonz Ivy, 21, who went by the stage name Kealo, died from a single gunshot wound to the chest after being struck by a bullet in the area of 62nd place and eastern avenue in seat Pleasant, Maryland. on friday, police arrested 21-year-old lafonzo Leonard Iracks and charged him in connection to Ivy's slaying.
warning issued over threat posed by rogue workers in nuclear, transport and public services. co-pilot Andreas Lubitz killed 150 people in the Alps plane crash disaster. a BA pilot claimed the airline did not carry out mental health checks.
paramedics were called to a home in Darwin after a man swallowed a beer bottle. the 38-year-old man chewed and swallowed the entire glass bottle. he then went for a lie down at which point his family called royal Darwin hospital.
coast guard ships came to the aid of five boats in southern Mediterranean. rescues made as figures show an increase of 43 per cent of arrivals. three boats were in difficulty off the coast of Libya. coast guard intercepted distress calls from satellite phones.
action shot was taken at Estavayer-le-Lac in Switzerland where the latest water sports craze of Jet Surfing has taken off. the contraption can be seen leaping up above the surface, almost resembling scenes from the film back to the future. makers say the sport is easy to master and that the boards are nimble and responsive.
united travel to old trafford to face city in the premier league on saturday. city have never lost five consecutive derbies to their local rivals. united are favourites after registering five straight league wins.
trackside TV presenter has gone viral in a hilarious video of him celebrating the outcome of the $2 million Australian Derby. Mongolian Khan with new Zealand jockey Opie Bosson took first place on the weekend's esteemed $2 million Australian Derby.
wood bison are North America’s largest land mammal, but the native Alaskan species disappeared from the state more than 100 years ago. with the help of corporate and non-profit sponsors, the department moved 50 cows and 50 juveniles aged two or less to the village.
Novak Djokovic beats david ferrer 7-5 7-5 to reach the semi-finals. the world no 1 is set to face tomas berdych in the other semi-final. ferrer dominated the opening three matches but was eventually hunted down on his 33rd birthday.
tryster won the feature Coral Easter Classic at Lingfield. the four-year-old beat complicit to complete a 22-1 treble for his trainer. he had previously been successful with Pretend in the Unibet Sprint Championship Stakes and Four Seasons in the 32Red Three-Year-old Mile Championship.
rubi light is a definite runner for next week's £1million Crabbie's Grand National. grade one winner over two and a half miles schooled over Aintree-style fences. richie McLernon has been confirmed for the mount on Emma Lavelle’s Court By Surprise.
AP McCoy will attempt to win the Irish Grand National on cantlow. the 19-time champion won the 2007 running on Butler’s Cabin. cantlow disputes favouritism for Monday's race due to the presence of McCoy on his back.
Saracens defeated Racing Metro 12-11 in their champions cup quarter-final. the result sets up a trip to the last-four of the competition on april 18. but argentina international Marcelo Bosch scored a long-range penalty.
Munster have signed utility back Francis Saili on a two-year deal. the 24-year-old will link up with them later this year. he made his All Blacks debut against Argentina in 2013.
tries from Ian Madigan and adam lallana gave leinster a tense 18-15 victory. the result leaves bath in the hunt for a top-four place in the premiership. but the english side are still without a win in the competition.
Tiger Woods played in the tournament for the first time since 2004. he said: 'have fun, enjoy it, and don't win. no matter what' his children caddyed for him and girlfriend Lindsey Vonn.
'it's a superstition that I've done all my life and I'm going to keep it that way,' says teen. 'a few referees have tried telling me but I've got to keep it that way,' he says.
'the only thing I can do is get runs and take wickets for Yorkshire,' he says. the right-arm quick last played in whites for England during the 5-0 ashes whitewash of winter 2013/14. he also turned out for the England Lions on their tour of south africa.
Stuart Broad came through an injury scare and fell short of a century against his own team-mates as England's warm-ups descended into a glorified training drill. england captain alastair cook watched on as ground staff made running repairs to the crease.
nearly 4,000 fans turned out to watch an open training session at goodison park on Tuesday. the event coincided with the school half-term holiday as the toffees prepare to face Swansea at the Liberty Stadium on Saturday. first-team players including the fit again Steven Pienaar and Kevin Mirallas took part.
crystal palace beat champions manchester city 2-1 on monday night. chairman Steve Parish says he wants to bring in extra investment. but he insists he would rather invest in the club than takeover.
the 19-year-old saw his boyhood club lose twice at wembley in 2010. he was handed his first start by manager Tim Sherwood in the 3-3 draw with queens park rangers. 'to start for my boyhood club was a dream come true,' he says.
the goalkeeper will take his crystal palace career into a 12th season. the 35-year-old will have a testimonial against Dundee at the end of the season. money transfer firm Neteller ended their partnership with the club.
Leicester City beat west Ham united 1-0 in their premier league clash. a late goal from Andy King sealed a vital three points for the struggling side. the result leaves the club just four points behind premier league leaders sunderland.
Hull fell to a 3-1 defeat against Swansea at the Liberty Stadium. defender Paul McShane has told his team-mates it's time they woke up and realise they are in a relegation battle. the Tigers have only scored twice in their last six away games in the league.
the 22-year-old has six goals in 10 games for the toon this season. he is one of five players loaned to the etihad stadium by the club. but he admits he does not know where he will be playing next season.
James Ward-Prowse scored the winner in the 3-2 win over germany. the young midfielder is starting to get noticed after starring for both the england under 21s and the saints. he was speaking in an interview with sportsmail's dominic king.
west bromwich albion lost 3-2 to queens park rangers on saturday. a Charlie Austin hat-trick sealed a comeback win at the hawthorns. Tony Pulis has admitted that barton 'probably had a point'.
'if there is one player more than others to watch out for, I'd say it is Sergio Aguero,' says falcao. the striker was speaking at the #HeadtoHead for Puma's 'evoSPEED 1.3'.
wasps lost 32-18 to toulon in the champions cup quarter-final on sunday. dai Young has called for reform to the premiership salary cap. the £5.5million salary cap is currently in place.
Tottenham hotspur are moving forward with the next step towards their new stadium development at white hart lane. final opponent to the move, archway sheet metal works, is being demolished. diggers have moved in to knock down some of the buildings in paxton road that back on to white hart lane's north stand.
the 16-year-old has been on the bench for the senior side this season. the goal will push his claims for a first-team debut before the end of the season. he signed his first professional contract earlier this season.
Ronny Deila branded most surfaces in the Scottish Premiership 'terrible' and said artificial pitches would make for better spectacles. but Gary Teale feels the Norwegian's criticism was unfair on the Paisley club’s award-winning groundsman, Tommy Docherty.
west Ham took a shock lead with just ten minutes to play. reece Oxford headed home an impressive delivery from Josh Cullen. it was the east Londoner’s first away goal since September.
Ronny Deila agrees with Gary Teale's claim that St Mirren have one of the best pitches in the Scottish Premiership. but the hoops boss believes that is an indictment rather than a boast. teale hit back at criticism received for the condition of the pitch.
Benzema hails his team-mate as a 'phenomenon' after scoring five goals. it was the first time in his career that Ronaldo has scored five goals in a single match. he becomes only the third player to reach the 300-goal mark for the club.
Stuart McCall has restored a buoyancy to the club and won approval from supporters after three successive wins. the former motherwell boss arrived last month on a deal until the end of the season. he is adamant he doesn’t expect any meaningful talks with the Ibrox board until after the play-offs.
ander Herrera scored twice as manchester united beat aston villa 3-1. louis van gaal kissed ander Herrera at half-time after his opening goal. the dutchman said he was so pleased with Herrera's first goal he kissed him.
alastair cook faces the media at gatwick airport on tuesday morning. coach Peter Moores answered questions about the possible return of Kevin Pietersen. 'from my point of view Kevin isn’t on the radar,' said Moores. pietersen has rejoined Surrey in an attempt to win back his Test place.
Christian Benteke has scored seven goals in his last five games for villa. the 24-year-old's contract is worth £50,000 per week. but he is set to attract interest if he continues his scoring streak.
argentine forward has been linked with a number of european clubs. the 21-year-old scored his 13th league goal of the season on saturday. palermo president Maurizio Zamparini says that arsenal and Juventus have already approached the club with bids.
boxer Amir Khan enjoyed a day a safari park with his family in northern California. the 28-year-old was joined by his wife Faryal Makhdoom Khan as well as his daughter lamysa. he also fed a rare but dangerous white tiger as well as posing with giraffes and sea lions.
marca have splashed about how Carlo Ancelotti has his'six nations' available again. the former Monaco playmaker has been out of action since the beginning of february with a foot injury. ancelotti has a fearsome front line of different nationalities ready to chase down Barcelona in the la Liga run-in.
if a tour goes ahead, the squad is likely to fly out on either may 28 or 29 for a two-match, week-long trip. the news may concern a string of international bosses who will be relying on Chelsea players for their mid-June friendlies and qualifiers. the proposed tour would also have implications for Chelsea's south american contingent, including Oscar, Willian and Juan Cuadrado.
blackburn face liverpool in the fifth round of the FA cup on tuesday. blackburn midfielder John O'Sullivan is ineligible to play. the 21-year-old was recalled from a loan spell with league one barnsley.
burnley are gearing up for the final eight games of their premier league survival battle reinvigorated after a warm-weather training camp. the clarets are minus the four players on international duty. last month's defeat of champions Manchester city has given hope that a side rated as pre-season relegation favourites can escape the bottom three.
Napoli lost 1-0 at home to lazio in the second leg of their coppa italia semi-final. president Aurelio de Laurentiis has threatened to send his players to a training camp if they do not improve between now and the end of the season. de Laurentiis was furious with the result and blasted the commitment.
leBron James scored 23 points as the Cleveland Cavaliers beat the Heat 114-88. the 30-year-old also passed Patrick Ewing into 20th place on the list. meanwhile, golden state's Harrison Barnes scored the game winning shot.
blackpool drew 1-1 with reading at the etihad stadium on tuesday night. Jamie O'Hara scored from the penalty spot to give the visitors the lead. but defender Grant Hall scored an own goal just after half-time. stewards and police were present at the game but did not descend into violence.
alastair cook completed a much-needed century on the second morning of England's opening tour match in the west indies. cook resumed on 95 and reached three figures with minimal fuss before retiring out.
arsenal host liverpool at the emirates in the premier league on saturday. the gunners are five points adrift of the leaders chelsea. manager rodgers has urged his side to perform well in the clash.
alastair cook and Jonathan Trott combine impressively for england. the pair came together for the first time since a brief experiment in Bangladesh five years ago in what was a low-key return to work after the embarrassment of their world cup exit.
Jacques Burger is the man you want on your team at Saracens. the flanker is loved by his team-mates every bit as much as he is loathed by opponents who fear the reckless abandon with which he is prepared to play the game. 'when I step off the pitch I will be somebody else again,' he said.
'i dont care if it is in the hotel or away or at home, I just want to win it,' said the blues boss. 'if we win the title we get the trophy at our house,' he said. 'even if somebody loses the trophy and we don't get it I am happy with that. I just want to win it,' he said.
liverpool face arsenal at the emirates on sunday in champion's league. a 2-2 draw in december prompted a renaissance in the premier league. a defeat could leave them eight points adrift of the top four.
Olivier Giroud won the barclays premier league player of the month award for march. the french striker became the 16th winner of the award. he joins the likes of Thierry Henry, Emmanuel Petit, Sylvain Wiltord, Robert Pires and Samir Nasri.
five hat-tricks have been netted in this fixture since the inception of the premier league. this fixture's first hat-trick hero in the premier league era was Robbie Fowler. Thierry Henry scored a treble for arsenal at highbury back in 2004.
bas van Velzen has become a YouTube sensation by uploading videos of his free-kick exploits. the YouTube star wowed the Liverpool quartet at Melwood on saturday. he unveiled the forward's infamous slogan at a press conference.
Freddie Sears put Ipswich ahead after six minutes at portman road. a Freddie Jones header from close range gave the hosts the lead. kenwyne Jones came off the bench to equalise for Bournemouth.
Darren lehmann has defended his players following criticism of their behaviour. a photograph of Brad Haddin and James Faulkner mocking Grant Elliott after his dismissal cast a shadow over the australian's fifth world cup triumph. 'he's copped a bit, hasn't he?' he said.
the golfer's girlfriend, bikini model Alexis Randock, had posted a photo on her Instagram account of her and sister Nicole on the beach last week. the photo was shared with her 25,000 followers, which included an abusive commenter known as 'fatalsplash' who was quick to judge and accused Alexis of being a 'gold digger''must be nice getting s*** free in life and not have to work for it,' he posted.
mark wood has been called up by England for the three-test series against west indies. the 25-year-old is 5ft 11in and weighs just over 12st. he is one of the uncapped members of alastair cook's squad.
Ian Bell has signed a three-year contract extension with warwickshire. the 32-year-old has gone on to play 105 Test matches and 161 one-day internationals for England. bell has won five trophies with the club, including the county championship in 2004 and 2012.
Yorkshire have signed india international Cheteshwar Pujara until the end of may. younus was set to be Yorkshire's overseas signing for 2015. but the batsman is now looking to be part of Pakistan's potential tour party.
ex-Rangers striker reveals he quit the club after fearing he had AIDS. he joined the club from italian side perugia for £3.5million in 1997. a series of injuries destabilised his career including a reserve match against Aberdeen in 2000.
'£5bn and what do we get? £64 a ticket' read one banner before kick-off. 'it's-not-about-the-money' campaign led to sterling's protest at the stadium. he was brought down by per Mertersacker for a consolation penalty.
Mils Muliaina was arrested on suspicion of sexual assault following his side's 14-7 defeat by Gloucester on friday night. the former all blacks full-back was hauled away by police after the game. the incident was captured on a police van moments later on sky sports.
former Celtic striker was diagnosed with testicular cancer in 2009. the cancer had spread to his brain and lungs at the age of 33. he admitted to having a gambling problem that he faced up to. he says he is now a proud family man who enjoys a settled life.
Massimo Cellino said that majority shareholders Eleonora Sport were considering the offer. but Leeds chairman Andrew Umbers said he was not aware of an offer. the soft drink giants own three football clubs, including RB Leipzig and red bull Salzburg.
a newspaper article in 1992 described the liverpool captain as 'outstanding'. he was pictured in the article at just 12-years-old when he was an up and coming talent in the club's academy. the former liverpool captain will leave the club at the end of the season.
a Brazilian website claims to have the new kit for sale on its website. it has the incoming 'yokohama' sponsor on the front of the kits. but it does not have the adidas emblem, the club's kit manufacturer. the alleged new kit can be bought with 'Bale 9' on the back.
Darren Gough will always be the first man into bat for Kevin Pietersen. the england batsman has rejoined Surrey in a last-ditch bid to earn a place in the ashes squad for this summer. but he says there is only a slim chance of his friend returning for england.
manuel pellegrini believes his side are now in a battle for the champions league places. city have lost too much ground to Chelsea in the premier league title race. the fading champions could find themselves in fourth place if results go against them over the weekend.
the former barcelona forward posted a snap of his family enjoying the Empire State Building in new york. the newest franchise in the MLS are currently two points behind city rivals the new york red bulls. new york's next game is away to the Philadelphia Union on April 11.
Harry Kane won his first senior caps for England last week. but he is still eligible to play for the Young Lions at the tournament. but Kenny Dalglish says he should be kept fresh for the full squad. 'Playing Under-21 football this summer won’t help him. it will just tire him out,' he says.
arsenal thrashed liverpool 4-1 at the emirates on sunday. the gunners are seven points behind premier league leaders chelsea. arsene wenger insists his team will be ready if they slip.
australian movie and music downloaders could soon be slapped with a 10 per cent GST. the move could reel in billions of dollars in additional revenue for the federal government. the changes may also affect consumers buying products for less than $1,000 online from overseas. but consumer advocacy group Choice says tech-savvy australian consumers might be able to avoid the tax by concealing their location.
a huxtable is a phrase used by some to refer to upper class black people. a huxtable is a phrase used by some to refer to upper class black people. the talented wide receiver, who is a sophomore at southern Methodist university, wrote on twitter: 'gotta get the hood doughnuts almost every morning. if my doughnuts don't come in a plain white box, I don't want them!'.
wesley sneijder launched knife range in Galatasaray colours on 15th anniversary. two Leeds fans, Kevin Speight and Christopher Loftus, were killed in Istanbul on April 5, 2000. a minute's silence will be held before Leeds and blackburn Rovers meet at Elland road on saturday. striker later deleted tweet and apologised as supporters reacted angrily.
arsenal moved nine points clear of their top four rivals with a 4-1 win at the Emirates. goals from Hector Bellerin, Mesut Ozil and Alexis Sanchez put the gunners 3-0 ahead in the first half. but a late penalty from Jordan Henderson completed the scoreline with a sumptuous strike.
the dramatic, up-close images, captured by a Bornean student, show the incredible power of the tiny creature. the weaver ant is able to cleverly balance the centipede which is much larger and heavier but helpless in the insect's grasp.
arsenal and liverpool fans left their seats empty for first 10 minutes of their lunchtime premier league clash at the Emirates Stadium. supporters from both clubs say they are 'disgusted' at the continuing rise of ticket prices. tickets at the sold-out Emirates starting from £64 for the 12.45pm kick-off. protesters hope the image of empty seats will raise awareness of the struggles fans face to meet the rising costs of following their clubs.
analysts at the CIA, NSA, and national counterterrorism center watch pornography all day to gain clues about where terrorists are and what they have planned. agencies employ special psychiatrists and therapists to help them cope with the 'extraordinary toll' the work can have. analysts often suffer sensations of sickness, bouts of grief, periods of depression and experience anger.
a project by men's face product company west coast shakes up the face of 30 rock bands. each member of history's most esteemed rock bands is blended into one.
the arresting officers in the cases, which include burglary, cocaine possession and aggravated assault with a firearm, are no longer on the police force. all of the four officers committed misconduct involving racist texts 'exchanged among themselves and former police officers', police chief said.
Jia Binhui, 25, built a human barbecue in his garden in southwest china. he has run out of money for hospital treatment and cannot afford it. he has had a bone marrow transplant, costing £55,000, funded by well-wishers.
pizza boxes were filled with mouse droppings and mouldy tomato puree. council inspectors also found filthy food preparation areas. owner Kunaratnam Kunanatha, 36, admitted seven offences.
the bus came under armed attack as it drove to the airport. the driver was wounded in the attack and taken to hospital. a statement on the club's website said a suspension of the championship was inevitable.
Fran Kirby created the first goal and scored the second in a 2-1 win over china. the 21-year-old was player of the match when she played for the u.s. in february. reading striker Kirby has 10 goals in her last three club matches.
Wayne Rooney scored a stunning half-volley as manchester united beat aston villa 3-1 at old trafford. it was his sixth goal in eight matches for united since being restored up front by manager louis van gaal. united are now eight points clear of fifth-placed liverpool who lost 4-1 at arsenal.
aston villa host manchester united in the premier league on saturday. louis van gaal's side are five points clear at the top of the table. united beat liverpool 2-1 at anfield before the international break.
the 52-year-old football manager said he only prays for things in his personal life, never about football. he said he and his family 'know about poverty' and have been privileged to have worked with the word food programme as an ambassador against hunger. despite his arrogant persona on the sideline, he claims that he is a good person.
a letter from richie Benaud to an english fan, Jonathon Stevenson, almost 20 years ago emerged on friday in the wake of the cricket legend's death. he was just 16 years old when he asked for Benaud's advice on left-handed leg spin. 'his detailed reply says everything about the great man,' he wrote.
cricket commentator richie Benaud has died aged 84 in a Sydney hospice. he had been receiving radiation treatment for skin cancer since november. a veteran of 63 Test matches, he played a pivotal role in the formation of world series cricket in the 1970s.
polls suggest around 15 per cent of men are planning to back Ukip. polls suggest only 10 per cent of women back the party.
rodgers made veiled criticisms of the player's agent after the televised interview. sterling has rejected a £100,000 a week contract extension and has just two years left on his deal at the end of this season. rodgers also revealed that he has sat down with sterling to tell him that his best interest would be served by staying at the club.
body of escort Vanessa Santillan found in a flat in south west london. the 33-year-old was strangled and beaten to death at the end of march. a 23-year-old man has been arrested in connection with her death. he has been told to return to a police station for further questioning.
chelsea beat stoke 1-0 at stamford bridge on saturday night. eden hazard opened the scoring from the penalty spot. but striker Charlie Adam equalised shortly before half time.
brux, 22, pleaded guilty in January for unhitching two locomotives and going on a high-speed run 13 miles down one of the busiest lines of track in the country. he then crashed into an inactive Union Pacific train at 10mph before backing up and then hitting it again. he must also pay over $63,000 in restitution to Rail Link, his employer.
a letter from richie Benaud to an english fan, Jonathon Stevenson, almost 20 years ago emerged on friday in the wake of the cricket legend's death. he was just 16 years old when he asked for Benaud's advice on left-handed leg spin. 'his detailed reply says everything about the great man,' he wrote.
Dan Klice, 57, was officiating at a competition in Mahwah, new jersey. he saw errant projectile heading towards him and tried to dodge it. but he tripped over and left his left heel exposed, which was hit by the javelin.
middlesbrough are top of the championship with just four weeks to go. they are top of a division that has seen the leadership change hands 15 times. their buffer over second-placed Bournemouth is a point with Watford.
the piglet was born with its back legs missing and can balance on its front trotters. heartwarming video shows it wobbling about with its snout to the ground.
the 32-year-old has been at the DW Stadium since 2010. he will take charge for the first time against Fulham on friday. the former captain has made no secret of his plans to take up coaching.
talented toddler is believed to be from china and female. she balances three small bowls on her head as she performs a series of dance moves. the youngster is seen bobbing along to the traditional folk music.
Stuart Dallas opened the scoring for the hosts in the 24th minute. a Ross McCormack penalty halved the deficit in the 67th minute. it was a first league double for the hosts in 23 years.
'it's not a personal thing. people have views,' says Peter Moores. the new man is expected to be a supremo who will be very much with the team. Moores is sad to see the departure of Paul Downton, the man who brought him back to the coaching job.
all three achieved a great deal while playing for England. all three are well-respected figures within the game. sportsmail takes a closer look at the trio battling to become the most powerful man in english cricket.
Diego Costa limped off with a hamstring injury during 2-1 win over Stoke. the spaniard is likely to miss matches against queens park rangers and man united. blues boss jose mourinho was happy to gamble with Costa's fitness.
the £16million striker was not included in the squad to face arsenal. he took a'slight knock' in training on friday and did not travel. he would have been a substitute and would have been behind Daniel Sturridge.
northampton were thrashed 37-5 at the Stade Marcel-Michelin. the result was decided by half-time as Clermont amassed a 27-0 lead. northampton director of rugby Jim Mallinder admitted defeat was one of the worst defeats he's experienced.
lewandowski scored the winner on his first visit back to the club he left on a free transfer last summer. the former borussia dortmund man spent four years at the german giants. he scored the only goal of the game to give his side the win at the Signal Iduna Park.
world no 1 aiming for more than trophies, says coach Paul McGinley. 'i'm the no 1 player in the world, i represent the game of golf, am i going to become somebody like Tiger Woods did, an iconic figure in world sport,' he says. 'it's more about representing that No 1 position, and bringing as many titles along with it as he can,' he says.
Danny willett carded an opening round of 71 at augusta on tuesday. the 27-year-old holed a monster putt for eagle at the par-five 13th. willett said it was a dream come true to mark his Masters debut.
hibs boss feared there would be unrest among fans if his side formed a guard of honour for their city rivals. 'it's been turned into a lack of respect,' said the manager. 'we don't want to start the game on a bad foot, that's the main reason we've done it,' said the manager.
Sam Allardyce's contract at westham expires at the end of the season. co-owners David Gold and David Sullivan remain unsure of his future. allardyce has a meeting planned for the end of the season in may.
Thomas Bjorn's shot landed in the lap of a female fan during the first round. american Russell Henley shot 68 as he made a good start to his second Masters. 2014 Masters champion Bubba Watson fought back with a solid 71.
video footage shows Blaine Taylor from Aberdeen, Scotland, competing against his older brother, Cody. but as he goes to roll his egg down a grassy hill, he accidentally steps on it with shell and yolk mushed into the ground. 'it's broken,' he exclaims as he surveys the mess below him.
Arnold Palmer hit the opening drive of the 79th Masters at augusta national. the 85-year-old has been struggling in his recovery from a dislocated shoulder. he took his place alongside Jack Nicklaus and Gary Player as honorary starters.
the 30-year-old made history when she took on eventual gold medallist Katie Taylor in the first round of the women's lightweight competition at London 2012. the former world and european bronze medallist said: 'it just felt like the right time to retire'
Novak Djokovic beat John Isner 7-6 (3), 6-2 to reach the final of the Miami Open. the no 1-seeded serb will face two-time champion Andy Murray in the final.
Mauricio pochettino could be the saviour of english football thanks to his faith in homegrown talent. the argentine tripped Michael Owen to give away the penalty that David Beckham converted in the 2002 world cup finals. four of his young Tottenham players — Harry Kane, Andros Townsend, Ryan Mason and Kyle Walker — all played for England.
the duo visited Mercedes' Brackley base in the hope of finding a winning formula. totowolff admitted that he was a worried man following the manner of Vettel's Malaysian grand prix victory. the four-time world champion beat team-mate Nico Rosberg by 8.5 seconds.
the german GP was scrapped from the 2015 schedule due to financial problems. the race had been in doubt due to questions over which circuit would host it. a short FIA statement said no agreement could be reached with Bernie Ecclestone.
reigning formula one world champion stepped on former president's foot. the incident happened at Nelson Mandela's 90th birthday party in 2008. the 30-year-old racer said he didn't even apologise for the incident.
part of the $40million (£27m) three-story corporate building at the host venue of Formula One's British Grand Prix was affected by the winds. images on social media appeared to show a section of the roof had been removed. silverstone sporting director, Stuart Pringle, insists upcoming races will not be affected by recent damage.
two-time formula one world champion opens up about meaning behind his tattoos. the 30-year-old discusses the significance of his personal body art. he also discusses the physical demands of racing and the amount of training required.
Jason Robinson: sports life stories will be broadcast on ITV4 at 10pm on thursday. the 40-year-old admitted he had been a heavy drinker during his early days at rugby league club Wigan. he was arrested for affray, assault and criminal damage which left him contemplating suicide. he credits then team-mate and Samoa star va'aiga Tuigamala with turning things around.
Pakistan haven't played a test nation since the attacks on a team bus in 2009. six local policemen and two civilians were killed in the attack in lahore. the rest of the two ODIs would be played in the united arab emirates.
sherwood was sacked as spurs head coach at the end of last season. the 46-year-old has now taken over at the etihad stadium. sherwood has praised former bosses levy and Mauricio pochettino.
new york Yankees designated hitter returned from 162-game suspension. he batting seventh and served as designated hitter. fans held up signs that read 'forgive' in the crowd.
a new county cricket season is almost upon us with the first round of Championship fixtures this summer beginning on Sunday. Yorkshire will be looking to defend their Division One title while Kevin Pietersen will hope his runs help Surrey to promotion from the second tier. here is former Surrey and England batsman mark butcher's guide to the county championship.
burnley drew 0-0 with spurs at turf moor on sunday afternoon. defender Michael Duff was satisfied with the way his side subdued prolific goalscorer Harry Kane. clarets would have escaped the bottom three had they won.
Jordan Henderson gave the ball away 23 times in 90 minutes against arsenal. the wing back hasn't given the ball away as much all season for the reds. John O'Shea only sprinted 11.9 metres during sunderland's 1-0 win over Newcastle.
the 28-year-old centre-back has 15 months left on his contract. onuoha was in the starting eleven for qpr's 4-1 win over west brom. he is also interested in everton and westham united.
'it has been an unbelievable couple of weeks and one I won't forget for the rest of my career,' says Harry Kane. the 21-year-old has also made his first start for the national team. he scored within seconds of his debut against Lithuania on march 27.
Diego de Girolamo is out of contract at the end of the season. the italian is on loan at northampton but he is on loan at northampton. he told manager Nigel Clough he will not pen a new deal at the club.
queens park rangers beat west bromwich albion 3-0 at the hawthorns. Bobby Zamora scored the third goal of the game with a lob from a narrow angle. Charlie Austin headed in the second goal of the game for his side on the 35th minute.
Andy King scored his 50th goal for his club as they beat westham. the 26-year-old believes his goal could prove to be his most important yet. 'it's always nice to score for the only club you've ever played for,' he says.
west bromwich albion are set to make a £3million move for Neil Taylor. the defender has impressed several premier league managers. the 26-year-old has been an ever-present for the baggies this season.
'even if he hadn't scored the goal, I would still have said he was man of the match,' says manager. esteban cambiasso scored in the 12th minute to put his side 1-0 up. the 34-year-old has won the spanish and italian league titles.
the incident happened during the derby against Copenhagen on monday. the disciplinary committee of the Danish FA found Agger guilty. he elbowed mattias Jorgensen in the head during the game.
defender dislocated his shoulder in the gym last month. he hopes to return to action with westham before the end of the season. but the defender knows his campaign may be over.
the 22-year-old has scored six goals in 10 games since signing for the club. he has also scored three goals in his last two appearances for the club. if he could stay at the club beyond the end of the season, it would be an attractive option.
Harry Kane took his time with each of his three attempts from 40 yards. the winger was narrowly over the crossbar each time. a fourth out of shot hit the mark and won a big cheer at white hart lane.
deila admitted that the first six months in charge were tough mentally. the Norwegian was unsure whether he was cut out to be the boss of the Bhoys. deila's side have twice exited the european competition.
Cristiano Ronaldo appeared to be unfairly cautioned by referee Mario Melero Lopez after he was chopped down by defender Antonio Amaya inside the box. the decision means Ronaldo could be suspended for the game against Eibar in la Liga on Saturday. real madrid have appealed the yellow card shown to their star forward.
Jeremy Peace is ready to shelve the sale of west bromwich albion if a deal is not in place by July. peace owns 77% and is looking to sell the club for between £150million to £200m. he does not want a drawn out saga interfering with the club's plans for next season.
'the biggest of the lot is playing Wayne Rooney up front,' says Rio Ferdiand. 'the performance against Liverpool reminded me of the team i used to be a part of,' says the former england striker.
Glenn Murray has scored a goal on average every 91 minutes this season. he has a better minutes-per-goal ratio than anyone else in the top flight. Harry Kane and Diego Costa are locked on 19 goals in the race to finish as this season's top scorer.
'if he was chocolate, he'd eat himself' is the idiom used in boxing. but the 31-year-old's verbal patter buzzes with a modesty and philosophical slant which often betrays the expectations of a hard-hitting middleweight. he has a 71 per cent knockout rate in his undefeated record.
Antoine Griezmann scored his 15th goal of the season in 2-0 win over cordoba. the victory lifts the champions onto 62 points from 29 matches. atletico can reclaim third place with a win at home to sixth-placed villarreal.
crystal palace host manchester city in the premier league on saturday. pardew believes he can manage one of the premier league's top sides. but he has no immediate plans to leave the club in the near future.
Billy Joe Saunders and Chris Eubank were involved in a war of words. the pair clashed in a 12-round grudge match on November 29. they are both set to fight at wembley on may 9 but not against each other.
ander Herrera scored a brace as manchester united beat aston villa 2-1. the spaniard has established himself in the first team plans at old trafford. the 25-year-old was barely sighted between October 20 and February 17.
ander Herrera opened the scoring before half time with a superb second. Wayne Rooney doubled the lead before Christian Benteke pulled one back. but Herrera added his second and united's third late on to secure the three points.
queens park rangers beat west brom 4-1 at the hawthorns on saturday. midfielder Joey Barton believes his side have a 'hell of a chance' of survival. barton captained his side to their second win of the season at the hawthorns.
Anthony Joshua stopped veteran american Jason Gavern in the third round. the 37-year-old was dropped twice in the second round and twice more in the third. but he admitted he was not at his best after returning from a five-month lay-off.
winger spoke out about his former managers, ally McCoist and Kenny McDowall. 'he was out of the frame a wee bit under ally and ally,' he said. 'all we are concentrating on is the here and now,' said the ex-Rangers boss.
dereck Chisora is being lined up for a summer comeback against David Price. 'Del Boy' has not boxed since he was stopped by Tyson Fury in November. the fight was a final eliminator for a shot at Wladimir Klitschko's title.
king won 85-per-cent shareholder backing to return to the club's boardroom. the south africa-based businessman has been holding off from taking up a post until he has cleared all regulatory barriers. he was previously a director in the Ibrox oldco which entered liquidation in 2012.
manchester united beat aston villa 3-1 at old trafford on sunday. louis van gaal's side are eight points clear at the top of the premier league. united face manchester city at old trafford on sunday.
Xavi has managed just five starts in 21 games for the catalans this season. the 35-year-old assisted Jeremy Mathieu's winner against Celta Vigo. manager Luis Enrique insists he has a vital role to play in the treble.
Celta Vigo defeated celta 1-0 in their premier league clash on sunday. striker Fabian Orellana was shown a straight red card following the incident. he threw a lump of grass at midfielder Sergio Busquets. the lump of grass struck the midfielder on the back of the neck.
Borussia Dortmund have failed to score in four of their last five league games. they face hoffenheim in the champions league on tuesday night. defenders could also find the net after a set piece.
Franck Ribery says he turned down real after being sold on his importance. the 32-year-old fell out with then-Bayern head coach louis van gaal. he says he was convinced to stay after being sold on his importance.
arsenal forward Antonio di Natale has hailed his former team-mate as the best strike partner he's ever had. the 37-year-old spent five years playing alongside Sanchez at Serie a side udinese. di Natale has put his former team-mate's incredible work ethic as the secret behind his success.
a banner taunting the mother of a Napoli fan who died after violent clashes last year caused outcry. a Serie a disciplinary tribunal said the banners were 'provocative insulting to the mother of a supporter of the opposing team, who died in dramatic circumstances'. a young Napoli fan died after clashes between supporters following last year's Coppa Italia final.
Hibs boss Alan Stubbs is among the front-runners for the manager's job. malky mackay was sensationally sacked by Wigan Athletic on monday. former Celtic defender Gary Caldwell is expected to be handed the job.
alessandro Matri opened the scoring for the hosts in the 21st minute. Roberto Pereyra doubled the lead before defender Leonardo Bonucci added a third. the result sees the old lady progress to the final of the champions league.
defender Kevin Toner is out of contract at the end of the summer. Norwich, Leicester, Newcastle and Stoke are tracking the 18-year-old. other clubs are ready to declare their hands and Villa risk losing him.
a James Forrest strike and a Stefan Johansen penalty secured Celtic's win. but manager Ronny deila was unhappy with the state of the pitch in scotland. deila believes there will be a struggle to develop top players in scotland.
Celtic beat bottom side St Mirren 2-0 in the scottish premiership on friday. midfielder Stefan Johansen believes his side's title prospects 'look great'. the norwegian scored from the penalty spot on 79 minutes.
the great man considers Tiger Woods completing the career grand slam at the age of 24 as the best golfing feat he has seen. 'i honestly believe he is going to do it,' says the south african legend. he is still doing 1,300 sit-ups and squatting 300lb every morning even now, at the age of 79.
golfer is targeting his third major title and the completion of his career grand slam at augusta. he is ranked 111th in the world at present, and won 11 of his 14 majors ranked no 1 in the world. the 79th major will take place at the home of golf on tuesday.
'Ripple' is a two-minute film charting the rise of golfer Rory McIlroy. the northern irishman grew up watching his hero from a young age. he is now favourite to win the masters and complete a career grand slam.
Neymar has not scored for the leaders in la liga since february 15. the 23-year-old looked particularly out of sorts in the 1-0 win over Celta Vigo. he spent much of the game locked in an unseemly battle with celta fullback Hugo Mallo.
Ian Poulter has two top 10 finishes at the Masters in his 10 attempts. this year he has simply said to hell with it, let's have some fun. 'the electricity, the tension, the buzz' of the annual trip down Magnolia Lane defines him.
manuel pellegrini's side lost 2-1 at home to crystal palace on saturday. pellegrini believes the first goal from stirker Glenn Murray was clearly offside. the argentine insists he does not fear the sack.
Quinton Fortune claims Neymar's body language 'does not look right' during 1-0 win. former manchester united midfielder says he expects him to hit the target. 'his body language does not look right', says Fortune.
Charlie Adam scored one of the best goals of the premier league era in the defeat to Chelsea. the 29-year-old saw keeper Thibaut Courtois off his line during the first-half. the ball flew beyond Courtois and into the back of the net to level the score.
captain hailed Eden Hazard as one of the world's best players. the Belgian tucked home a penalty to give the blues the lead from the spot. but a late equaliser from Charlie Adam sealed the win for the visitors. the win takes them seven points clear at the top of the premier league.
sterling was just 17 when he was told off by manager rodgers for answering him back at training in 2012. the winger has attracted interest from clubs including real madrid, Bayern Munich, Manchester city and arsenal. the 20-year-old says he does not want to stay at anfield unless he can win trophies.
Darren Bent opened the scoring from the penalty spot with a curling effort from the edge of the box. adlene Guedioura equalised for the hosts with 15 minutes to go after a weighted pass from Craig Forsyth. heurelho gomes made a fingertip save from Richard Keogh's header to secure a point for the visitors at the ipro stadium.
Dundee United have failed to win any of their last 10 games. the club have reached back-to-back domestic cup finals for the first time in 29 years and qualified for European competition in three of the last four years. manager Jackie McNamara is under pressure following revelations about his entitlement to a cut from player sales.
andre Ayew is out of contract at Marseille this summer. he will be available on a free transfer at the end of the season. inter milan are thought to be leading the chase for the 25-year-old.
rumours had suggested a breakdown in the pair's relationship. but the former napoli forward insists he has a respectful relationship with team-mate Zlatan Ibrahimovic. cavani has been linked with a summer move to the emirates.
Clermont auvergne thrashed northampton 37-5 at the stade Marcel Michelin. the full back was man of the match for the third time this season. he is theoretically out of contention as an exile abroad. a world cup dispensation has been discussed for toulon's flanker Steffon Armitage.
former world no 3 wants to play in the Ryder Cup again. he left the european tour in order to concentrate on his game. but he will struggle to play the 13 events required to earn points.
redknapp insists that sterling should focus on his football rather than his pay-packet. the 68-year-old also concedes that if he wants to force a move, there is very little Liverpool can do to stop him. 'where could he go better in England?' said redknapp while working as a pundit.
'it's going to be tricky, we're quite a few points behind now,' says Kane. the 21-year-old has 29 club goals under Mauricio pochettino this season. 'it's a real honour, a very proud moment for myself to lead the side out,' says the striker.
sherwood and Ramsey forged a close friendship at Tottenham in 2008. the three men will be in opposing dug-outs at villa park on tuesday. sherwood is blocking Ramsey's mobile phone calls temporarily. 'what would we talk about?' sherwood said on Monday.
Brendan rodgers insists that his relationship with Raheem Sterling is as strong as ever. the england forward has not yet signed a new contract at the club. rodgers says he is still focused on playing for the rest of the season.
Raheem sterling has rejected a new £100,000-a-week deal with liverpool. the 20-year-old has put talks over a new £100,000-a-week deal on hold. but manager jose mourinho insists he would sell any of his players if they did not want to play for the club.
Michael Owen has warned Raheem Sterling that life after Liverpool may not be all he hopes it would be. the 20-year-old has rejected a £100,000-a-week deal at anfield. Owen started his senior career at liverpool before moving to real madrid. but he says the youngster is not good enough to make the same move.
video shows a tour guide peddling his legs in the air to lure a mob of emus. the curious birds come close and scatter as the guide leaps to his feet. it's thought to be an old Aboriginal trick to catch an emu.
arsene wenger and Olivier Giroud named premier league players and managers of the month. the french striker scored five goals in four games for arsenal in march. wenger's side sit third in the table, seven points behind second-placed city.
Raheem sterling has rejected a £100,000-a-week offer to stay at the club. the 20-year-old gave an interview to the BBC on tuesday giving his reasons for his decision. if he wanted to stop thinking right now, he could sign his new deal or tell Liverpool to come back in a year. he owes them a little more respect than has been displayed in recent weeks.
jaap stam had just ordered a new kitchen for his home when he was sold to Lazio. the then-manchester united manager didn't mention that his son, Jason, stood to make a seven-figure sum in his role as an agent in the deal. but it prompted Roy Keane to explain why a footballer should ‘always look after no 1’.
Dove asked a group of women to write down every thought they had about themselves. the women filled in a notebook each, and handed it back to the beauty brand. unbeknownst to the women, those criticisms, negative remarks and tirades of self-body-shaming were turned into a script. the script was read aloud as dialogue in a cafe, where the women themselves had been invited for coffee.
twin 18-month-old boys were pulled from a canal in Yuma, ariz., on friday morning. they were pronounced dead at a hospital after a police search lasting an hour. detectives believe the boys ended up in the water by accident.
the 58-year-old spent four days as an advisor to conference side Torquay. he then joined league one basement side Yeovil on tuesday. he has been promoted five times as a manager. but a 1-1 draw with notts county condemned them to relegation.
former president accompanied australian tennis player Roy Emerson. he fell ill in December and was hospitalized after complaining of shortness of breath.
the 1998 champion was one over after the first round but carded a 68. five birdies in his second, including three in four holes on the front nine, ensured he will still be in the running at the weekend. the 58-year-old american is the third oldest man in the field in 2015, behind Tom Watson (65) and Ben Crenshaw (63)
premier league champions apologise and promise refunds to 300 fans. six coaches laid on for free were delayed and missed the kick-off. club acted after the game was scheduled for an 8pm start. palace's south London home is notoriously difficult to get to.
advertising entrepreneur John Singleton is selling his breathtaking beach house on the central coast of new south wales. the luxurious five-bedroom abode offers sweeping views of the Pacific Ocean. the property still holds a suburb record of $4.25 million from 2007, with the highest sale since then being $2.7 million.
images of children, amateurs and professional cricketers make up the short-list for the Wisden–MCC Cricket Photograph of the Year 2014. winning image of Dwayne Bravo shows the player taking a breathtaking full-length catch for the west indies to dismiss australia’s James Faulkner. portraits of ordinary players also make the list, from children on a Bangladesh rubbish tip to a club player attempting a catch in Kent.
only five players have scored more than his 162 premier league goals. the former england striker named his all-star xi from players who featured during his era. a manchester united legend is named alongside the great Dane.
gang of fly-tippers dumped 40 tonnes of industrial waste at the side of the road. police say it is the worst case of flytipping he's seen in almost 30 years. it includes materials used in the carpet and veterinary industries.
Cody wandered into a bog in south-east London on friday afternoon. animal rescue experts spent more than an hour rescuing him.
leaflet told Stratford-upon-Avon residents what items could go in bins. but a footnote said: 'this is not recyclable'.
police have charged two teenagers for allegedly setting off flares. a 13-year-old boy suffered burns to his leg during the clash. the 16-year-old boy, from Bicton, has been charged with grievous bodily harm and use of signals and flares. the 15-year-old, from palmyra, has been charged with grievous bodily harm.
darron Gibson has been ruled out of the rest of the season after damaging his metatarsal. the midfielder was injured in the 2-1 win over queens park rangers last month. manager Roberto Martinez expects Gibson to return to pre-season in the best possible shape and maintains he has a crucial role to play.
the body of autistic 20-year-old has been found floating in a creek near a golf course. police suspect he wandered into marine park back in mid-February. his family and friends offered a $5,000 reward if he was found alive.
Abdul Hadi arwani, 48, was found slumped in a car in wembley on wednesday. he had gun wounds to the chest and was replaced by hassan Anyabwile, 53. he was replaced at the An-Noor mosque in Acton by anyabwile. the name of anyabwile appears in parliament documents surrounding a coup attempt in 1990 by jamaat al Muslimeen.
darron Gibson will miss the final seven games of the season with metatarsal damage. but manager Roberto Martinez expects the midfielder to be ready for pre-season as he does not require surgery. everton will rekindle their interest in tom Cleverley in the summer.
Bradley Neil finished 13 over par after competing in his first Masters. the 19-year-old has been tipped for big things by the likes of Rory McIlroy. fellow Scot Sandy Lyle played alongside him on day one.
englishman Danny willett was angry after his second shot from beyond the green trickled all the way across the putting surface. the 27-year-old was still visibly angry as he left the green after salvaging a bogey, though he had calmed down by time he spoke to reporters about 30 minutes later.
the 19-year-old admitted he needed to give himself a 'kick up the arse' after missing the cut on his debut at the Masters. the 2014 amateur champion played with fellow countryman and 1988 Masters winner Sandy Lyle. he still harboured hopes of making the cut after his first round.
Sadie the German Shepherd was filmed at home in Alberta, canada, switching on an electric keyboard with her nose and sitting down.
long tailbacks built up on both sides of the motorway as a stretch of the motorway between junctions four and five in Ortford, Kent was closed. but during the hour-long delay today, police received reports that people started kicking a ball about in the closed stretch of the road. at the same time two teenagers found themselves stranded on the wrong side of the motorway when the clockwise carriageway reopened.
world no 1 carded a one-under-par 71 to finish seven shots behind first-round leader. he's scheduled to go out in the penultimate group with Phil Mickelson and Ryan Moore at 6.48pm (bt) on friday.
toto wolff insists the champions will just keep calm and carry on. 'we have everything we need,' insists the german boss. 'we are back into a regular racing season where you have more than just one contender'.
Andy Murray will face long-time rival Novak Djokovic in the final of the Miami Open on Sunday. the 27-year-old has lost nine out of his last 10 matches against the serb. the world no1 was thrashed by the serb in their Indian Wells semi-final last month.
richie gray has one year left on his contract but will be released should the club go down. the 45-times capped second row was ruled out for rest of season in february. fellow Scotland internationals Johnnie Beattie and Max Evans also expected to leave.
Saracens are the nation's solitary representative in the semi-finals. bath, northampton and wasps tumbled out of the champions cup. most alarming of the defeats was Clermont's 37-5 rout of reigning Premiership champions and runaway leaders Saints.
the flanker suffered a dislocated shoulder in the Tigers' victory over Newcastle. he was left facing six months of rehabilitation after surgery. in 2012, the 29-year-old suffered a broken neck and he missed most of last season with a knee injury.
Derbyshire wicketkeeper Tom Poynton has been rewarded for his successful return from injury. the 25-year-old missed the entire 2014 campaign due to leg injuries sustained in a road accident in which his father Keith died last April. the former england under-19 international had to undergo an ankle operation.
reports emerged on social media suggesting the Newcastle owner was now the official owner of the Light Blues trademarks. the sports direct tycoon had been given security over the icons and logos as part of the £5m loan handed to the previous board in January. but now the new regime have promised a speedy investigation.
Sebastian Vettel won the second race of the season in Malaysia last month. the victory was the marque's first success for almost two years. but technical director James Allison believes Mercedes will lead the way in china.
united sit above 'noisy neighbours' Manchester city in the premier league. this is the first time in 16 months they have played the same amount of games. following their 2-1 defeat at crystal palace on monday they now trail united by a point ahead of the derby at old trafford on sunday.
Cristiano Ronaldo was booked for diving during real madrid's 2-0 win over Rayo Vallecano on Wednesday. the portuguese was brought down by defender Antonio Amaya inside the box. but his yellow card has now been rescinded by the la liga appeals committee.
'if you score against United at Old Trafford it almost gives you shivers, because you can feel the tense atmosphere with most of the stadium being really quiet, but the away end going crazy,' he said. the Argentine forward has hailed fellow south american Radamel Falcao ahead of the derby.
lazio clinched a spot in the final of the coppa italia on Wednesday. they will now face Juventus in the final on June 7. defender Mauricio captured the celebrations of the lazio fans using a selfie stick.
hector bellerin has been linked with a move back to former club barcelona. the 20-year-old left the catalan giants four years ago. the young right back has impressed with his rapid rise this season. click here for all the latest arsenal news.
real madrid midfielder James Rodriguez is 'worth his weight in gold' according to marca. los blancos have won 80 per cent of their games when he's in the side. the 23-year-old is described as 'the jewel in real's crown'.
Eden Hazard scored a penalty and set up Loic Remy's winner in 2-1 win over Stoke. the blues are seven points clear at the top of the premier league. the playmaker insists his side have the title in their hands.
Zlatan Ibrahimovic scored a hat-trick for Paris Saint-Germain in their semi-final. the 33-year-old has scored 102 goals in less than three years at the club. Ibrahimovic now trails only former Portugal forward Pedro Pauleta in the all-time goalscoring record books.
Bayern Munich beat bayer leverkusen 5-3 on penalties on tuesday. pep guardiola is concerned about his team without Arjen Robben and Franck Ribery. the german champions have only scored once in their last three matches.
scans revealed that the 27-year-old suffered a torn hamstring at Marseille. he immediately signalled to the bench that he would need to be replaced. but it seems that boredom has already kicked into the usually jovial Brazilian as he sported a new hairdo on Wednesday.
eight teams will play a total of 60 games over almost seven weeks. the final will take place at Eden Gardens in Kolkata on may 24. can Kolkata Knight Riders retain their title? will Virat Kohli lead the royal challengers Bangalore to their first title? and who are the players to watch out for?
aston villa host queens park rangers in the premier league on tuesday. villa's mini-revival has been halted by back-to-back defeats. sherwood believes his star names must dig deep to solve their relegation crisis.
Christian Benteke's hat-trick secured a vital point for Aston villa in their battle against relegation rivals QPR. the striker's late free-kick brought his tally up to 11 goals for the season. villa have now won just one of their last six premier league games.
Jack Wilshere, Mikel Arteta and Abou Diaby all started for the gunners. teenager Serge Gnabry is also in the starting line-up for the game. the gunners take on Stoke city at the Emirates stadium on tuesday.
Liam Treadwell won the race on 100-1 shot mon mome in 2009. the ride on monbeg dude was available because his two regular jockeys, Tom Scudamore and Paul Carberry have already got rides.
alastair cook is'refreshed' by winter's enforced sabbatical on the farm. he has had a taste of what is to come, first of all in three Caribbean Tests this month and then a awkward assignment at home to new Zealand. he is one match - eight runs in two innings - one problematic radio interview and one departure press conference, alongside coach Peter Moores.
Nabil Fekir has been attracting interest from premier league clubs. but his father Mohamed does not want him to sit on the bench at man city. he claims he would progress with arsenal under arsene wenger.
Kevin Pietersen has lashed out at Graham Gooch for commenting on his attempted England comeback. the 34-year-old has re-signed for Surrey in an attempt to earn an unlikely Test return. gooch appeared on radio five live on sunday and took a broadly supportive stance of Pietersen.
Jack Wilshere, Mikel Arteta and Abou Diaby set to play for the gunners. teenager Serge Gnabry also set to feature against Stoke city. young gunners take on stoke city at the Emirates stadium on tuesday.
Jeremy Mathieu heads home in the 73rd minute to give the visitors a 1-0 lead. a lump of grass strikes Sergio Busquets in the neck during the closing stages. referee Inaki Vicandi Garrido brandishes a straight red card following the incident.
Kevin Pietersen has not played in the LV= County Championship since 2013. the 34-year-old has indicated that his campaign will start with a three-day warm-up against Oxford MCCU on April 12 and he is due to return to the nets on Monday. he announced that to his 2.3 million twitter followers on Easter Sunday, raising the prospect of using the social network's new broadcast app, periscope.
chelsea striker Diego Costa limped off with a hamstring injury. the £32million forward had been on standby for the match. but he was forced off shortly after coming on at the interval.
manuel pellegrini has been hampered by UEFA's financial restrictions. city have been limited to a net transfer spend of £49million in the last two windows. the club's overall wage bill is currently £205million-a-year. a settlement with UEFA published in may stated those penalties would remain in place until the end of the 2015/16 season.
Brittany Lincicome beat fellow american Stacy Lewis in a play-off round. the 29-year-old claimed her second ANA Inspiration crown in a dramatic end to the LPGA's opening major of the year in california. it took the pair three extra go at the 18th before they were finally separated.
Derby want Sean Dyche to replace Steve McClaren. former england boss has been linked with a move to sunderland. burnley host tottenham in the premier league on sunday.
Darren Bent has scored nine goals in 13 games for the red devils. the 31-year-old was out of favour with sacked manager Paul Lambert. but he is now on loan at the championship side until the end of the season.
the careers of Tim Sherwood and Chris Ramsey could be shaped by 90 minutes of football at villa park. the pair live 10 minutes apart in Buckinghamshire and Bedfordshire and will be 10 metres away from each other on a touchline in Birmingham. a match of this magnitude is what they craved during years working together at Tottenham Hotspur, probably believing they would be united in battle. a second win on the road at west bromwich albion on Saturday means QPR can go above Villa with three
the 24-year-old scored a penalty at the Emirates on saturday. but it was not enough as the reds fell to a 4-1 thrashing at the hands of arsenal. he urged his team not to give up on the top-four race with seven games to play.
aston villa host relegation rivals QPR at white hart lane on tuesday night. villa are five points clear of the premier league drop zone. but sherwood insists he does not have the players to grind out results.
defender scored his first goal in 3-3 draw at aston villa on tuesday. he believes the pressure is on relegation rivals qpr. hill believes other teams will be worried about their survival chances.
burnley manager Sean Dyche has dismissed speculation linking him with Derby. the clarets earned a point in a goalless draw with Tottenham on saturday. but the clarets remain in the relegation zone with just seven matches to go.
aston villa host queens park rangers in the premier league on tuesday. former spurs boss and assistant says he would bet on sherwood keeping them up if he 'was a betting man, which we’re not allowed to do,' he says. 'without a shadow of a doubt, I think he will keep them up,' says Ramsey.
queens park rangers drew 3-3 with aston villa at villa park on saturday. Tony Fernandes was watching the game from his iphone away from the game. the chairman said he was 'despair, disappointment, joy, joy'.
the 20-year-old was with Vitesse's squad for their trip to excelsior. the Brazilian defender was arrested on suspicion of a sexual offence. a police spokesman is quoted by local media as saying it was'sexual'.
eight sides still have a chance of claiming one of the two automatic promotion places. the top of the championship with just five games left to play. there have been some stellar individual performances this season.
the 161st Oxford-Cambridge Boat Race will be televised for the first time. women's crews will battle the same Thames course as the men. 88 years since the first women to race were jeered by male spectators.
england captain was caught up in a race controversy with then-QPR defender Anton Ferdinand in 2011. he was cleared in court of racially abusing the player but was fined £220,000 by the football association for 'using abusive language related to colour' on sunday, he may come up against his brother Rio, who branded him an 'idiot' over the affair.
the team were training on the Thames for the Boat Race on Saturday, April 11. strong wind against the tide created waves that poured over the boat's riggers. the sunken eight was recovered and returned to Oxford's base.
wasps set to appeal against three-match ban handed to Nathan Hughes. winger knocked out northampton's George North at Franklin's Gardens. wasps will not be allowed to play in champions cup quarter-final.
chelsea host queens park rangers at loftus road on sunday. nemanja matic and cesc Fabregas are one booking away from a two-game ban. but manager jose mourinho is unwilling to look beyond the derby.
Leeds Rhinos defeated castleford 26-12 at the mend-a-Hose Jungle. the first utility super league leaders were without their captain for the third successive game. he announced he is to switch codes at the end of 2015.
the 22-year-old was knocked unconscious against wasps on friday night. northampton have ruled him out of their game against clermont auvergne. the winger has suffered his third head injury in two months.
Tom Lineham scored two interception tries as Hull FC beat Widnes 22-8. lineham scored a treble in a losing cause at castleford last month. the hat-trick puts him out in front as super league's most prolific finisher in 2015.
wing suffered third confirmed concussion in just four months against Wasps. the 22-year-old will be reassessed by a neurologist at the end of january. there have been growing concerns about the 22-year-old's welfare.
Jacob Fairbank fractured his ankle and suffered ligament damage while on loan at Halifax. the 25-year-old is set for a lengthy spell on the sidelines.
Jonathan Trott fails twice with the bat during warm-up in Basseterre. he looks set to open with alastair cook in the first test against west indies. england bowlers Liam Plunkett and mark wood also miss out.
England dominated the first day of their tour match against a St Kitts & Nevis XI. captain alastair cook was unbeaten 95 before taking three wickets for 10. captain Jonathan Trott was on his first appearance since November 2013.
the 84-year-old died on friday after a long battle with skin cancer. he told the nine network that 'as a kid we never ever wore a cap' the cricket legend said he was 'coping with it very well' and urged all australians to cover their heads.
chelsea beat Stoke 2-1 at stamford bridge on saturday. loic Remy scored his second consecutive winner for the blues. the striker also netted against Hull before the international break.
former Olympic gymnast, 25, is constantly sharing selfies of his honed torso with an endless stream of topless selfies. 'i’m just sharing my physique,' the hunk of the gymnastics world said in an interview.
there were fears the defender may have fractured his foot after a collision with burnley defender Kieran Trippier. results from the scan have shown up heavy bruising, but no fracture. more tests are planned this week to determine the full extent of the injury.
Cameron Thomas Philp was passing a crime scene at Highgate Hill in 2013. he graffitied and spat on the side of a police forensics van. he fronted Brisbane Magistrates Court on friday and pleaded guilty to wilful damage of police property.
‘i’m a strong, independent woman,’ she says in a new interview. the 26-year-old was catapulted into the limelight thanks to her relationship with prince Harry. she has long dreamed of becoming part of the royal family.
ewcb managing director Paul Downton's departure opens door for Pietersen. south africa-born batsman is gearing up for his first county championship action since June 2013. the 34-year-old is determined to restart his Test career after being sacked in february 2014.
Kevin Pietersen believes former team-mate Michael Vaughan is the right man to lead England cricket. the 40-year-old has previously kept his distance from a formal role with the ECB, preferring to focus on his media profile and business interests. the former batsman has declared himself open to discussions about the new post.
arsene wenger won the premier league's manager of the month award in march. the frenchman has won 14 of the honours at arsenal. wenger's last of the 27 awards came in October 2012, not long before he announced his retirement.
alec Stewart has expressed his interest in becoming the new director of England cricket following the sacking of Managing Director Paul Downton. he played in a record 133 Tests for England and is currently director of cricket at Surrey. the early bookies' favourite for the post is Michael Vaughan, the former captain who is close to the incoming ECB chairman Colin Graves.
qpr boss has lost six out of seven games in charge of the club. TIm Sherwood is keen to rekindle their working relationship at villa. sherwood also reveals he wishes he had striker Darren Bent at his disposal.
the 23-year-old has thrived in the centre of the midfield since returning from loan at Charlton earlier in the season. coquelin is determined to prove himself at arsenal and hold down his place in the starting xi. the frenchman is happy to focus on the defensive side of the game.
will Stack, a 22-year-old u.s. army national guardsman, has released a video disputing claims that all white police officers treat suspects 'on the basis of their color' in the video, he recounts his own experience with a 'Caucasian officer' in the state's Lexington County. moments later, he was stopped for 'improper use of the median'. 'just because you're a cop doesn't mean you'
mother-of-three Jeanetta Riley, 35, a mother-of-three daughters was killed last July after she brandished a knife at two cops outside of a hospital in Sandpoint. she was taken to hospital by her husband, 44-year-old Shane, following threats she made to kill herself. while parked outside of the emergency room of Bonner general hospital, she pulled a knife from under the car seat and was confronted by police before she was shot and killed. in the video,
mother-of-three Georgina Rojas-Medina, 41, was shot and killed by her common-law husband, Gerardo Tovar, 44, who then turned the gun on himself on Saturday night. the couple have been named as Georgina Rojas-Medina, 41, and her common-law husband, Gerardo Tovar, 44.
research into the effects of the devices on literacy levels suggests the best outcome comes from youngsters sharing devices. shared iPad students scored around 30 points higher in a test than students who used the device on their own and non-iPad users.
the house was abandoned by the imaginative architect after a forest fire swept the valley clean of trees. the owner refused to relinquish his idyllic view of the mountains. so they built up. And up. And up. Now it teeters at 12 storys high, bearing a stark resemblance to the kind of houses drawn in his books.
Todd Phillips, a front-outside tire changer for Dayle Coyne Racing, was injuried when he was struck by the car of Francesco Dracone. Dracone spun while exiting his put box, clipping Phillips' leg. many cars struggled with traction during the race after rain had fallen for hours leading up to the green flag.
four-seater sports plane crashed on autobahn 28 near Hatten, oldenburg. male pilot killed, and three passengers taken to hospital, police said. crash-landed between wildlife fence and guardrail, feet from cars.
UEFA's financial fair play regulations protect elite clubs. 'just because a club is part of the established order doesn't mean they should be guaranteed success forever,' says city captain. 'just because a club is part of the established order doesn't mean they should be guaranteed success forever,' he says.
right-handed reliever John Axford was placed on the family medical emergency list by the Colorado rockies before the game on Sunday. his son, Jameson, 2, was bitten twice by a rattlesnake last month in the yard of the house his family rented in Scottsdale for spring training. the toes of 2-year-old Jameson 'look fine,' but doctors are trying to improve mobility as they combat infection.
dina Talaat put on a spectacular show at the opening ceremony of the Confederation of African Football's (CAF) Ordinary General Assembly in Cairo. delegates from the country including Khaled abdel Aziz stayed in an adjoining hall inside the hotel until the end of the performance, it was claimed. a video of the performance has since gone viral online.
manchester united beat city 4-2 at old trafford. the win sparked a string of viral images on twitter. marouane Fellaini, Juan Mata and Chris Smalling all scored.
more than 70 hours of hidden camera footage was filmed at a pub in east london. men are more likely to discuss sexual and relationship issues than football. one man told his friends how he realised he was gay while dating a married woman.
Sergio Aguero scored the opening goal at old trafford on sunday. it was the striker's first goal since he scored for city against barcelona in february. aguero's first goal ended a barren run stretching back eight hours and 39 minutes.
three former rugby internationals were on charity expedition to the north pole. poor visibility at the makeshift 800m strip caused an aborted landing. the experienced pilots were then forced to break harder than usual when a crack appeared on an ice floe near the runway. but they played down reports of a near miss as they celebrated safe return.
a 2-0 derby win puts hearts' promotion party on hold. goals from Jason Cummings and Farid El Alagui secured victory. the result sets the Hibs up for a semi-final clash with falkirk.
daphne Benaud has reportedly settled on a private gathering with only immediate family, indicating the 'no fuss' approach is the way the former Test captain would have wanted it. the private service for Benaud, who died on friday aged 84, will take place this week. he had been receiving radiation treatment for skin cancer since November when he was admitted to a Sydney hospice on Thursday.
Diane Blankenship, 45, is charged with unlawful sexual activity and lewd battery. she is accused of having sex with a 14-year-old boy and a 17-year-old student.
the 65-year-old was named as the recipient on Saturday in recognition of his 45 years chronicling conflicts around the world. the jury recognised Gittoes 'for his courage to witness and confront violence in the war zones of the world' he said it's great to have an artist recognised in a peace award.
video was captured at the orana wildlife park, the country's only open-range zoo. it shows the lions scaling the cage and eating meat through its bars.
two police officers have sustained injuries after attempting to close down an enormous 1000 person rave in Sydney's east. police received a number of complaints about a dangerously large party at an abandoned industrial area. one officer had to have a piece of glass removed from his head after having a bottle thrown at him. a woman, 26, was arrested after she allegedly assaulted an officer.
four men have been caught on CCTV robbing a service station in Tecoma. they packed $38,000 worth of cigarettes into a doona cover. but they struggled to fit the large loot in the boot and lost about a third. the men are wanted for a series of break-ins on at least five establishments.
the crash occurred at Moorabin airport, near Melbourne, shortly before noon on Saturday. it is believed one of the planes issued a may-day warning and attempted to make an emergency landing when it smashed into the other plane, which was idling on the runway. about 25 firefighters were called in to contain fuel leaking from both aircraft.
Troy Slezak from Huntington Beach, California, filmed his seven-month-old daughter Stella playing with the giant pooch on the living room floor. Footage shows the duo rolling around together and even stopping for nose rubs.
chelsea host queens park rangers at loftus road on sunday. jose mourinho has been trialling a formation with Ramires and Nemanja Matic in front of the back four. the blues are four points clear of arsenal with two games in hand.
clare verrall was out with her french bulldog Dutchy on Wednesday evening. a man jumped out from behind some bins and attacked her. she was left with a black eye, broken nose and broken toe. she kneed the man in the groin and kicked him before fleeing.
four-time world champion returned to factory at maranello last week. the win allowed the team to revive a tradition not seen at their base for almost two years since their previous triumph in 2013 at the Spanish grand prix. 'it was quite nice for them to get that feeling again,' he said.
la galaxy move off the foot of the Western Conference in mls. lamar Neagle had the first chance of the game after nine minutes. but the sounders had plenty of chances to equalise.
police arrested 73-year-old after body was discovered at his mother's home. although body has not yet been formally identified, she is understood to be his mother.
red bull driver Daniel Ricciardo is training with a martial artist in Shanghai. the 25-year-old is hoping to improve on a sixth place finish in australia and a disappointing 10th in Malaysia. the red bull driver is preparing for this weekend's Chinese grand prix.
Graeme souness believes Eden Hazard will be named the PFA Player of the Year. the belgian has scored 35 goals and 25 assists in 100 premier league games. 'he's got dancing feet and looks to be a strong boy too,' says souness.
aljaz bedene has won his first match since becoming a British citizen. the 25-year-old claimed a 6-3 6-2 victory over Maxime Chazal of France. bedene has lived in the uk for seven years and is now a citizen.
thousands of female race-goers wore floral, flamboyant and eye-catching numbers. many opted for outfits that wouldn't have been out of place at a wedding. others opted for full-skirted looks bedecked with blooms in lemon, periwinkle and peach.
up to 10 men - in their 50s and 60s - are trying to relive the 1980s. they are arranging fights with rivals prior to matches, says chairman. violence at matches has increased recently as older men return to watching team. he fears there is a danger they will try to encourage younger fans to join 'gangs'
Alassan Gobitaca, known as Al the Jumper, is a Swedish Guinness world record holder. he has jumped over everything from a Lamborghini travelling at a speed of 80mph to a pair of moving motorbikes.
Lewis Hamilton was fastest in first practice for this weekend's Chinese grand prix. it was the team's first victory for almost two years at the last race in Malaysia. the briton was over half-a-second clear of team-mate Nico Rosberg.
Jordan Spieth will tee off at 2:55pm local time (7:55pm BST) on Saturday. the american holds a five-shot lead at the half-way stage after a record 14 under par opening two rounds. Justin Rose and Paul Casey will tee off at 2:45pm (7:45pm BST) and 2:35pm (7:35pm BST)
the 50-year-old grilled red bull's chief technical officer Adrian Newey. he also checked out pit stops during his time at the factory with sky sports. despite his excitement at the factory, he admitted he was more of a bike lover.
Fernando Alonso says he will retire from formula one once his deal with McLaren-Honda comes to an end. the 33-year-old left the team in 2007 after a bitter year but says he is happy to be back for the 2015 season. the spaniard says he will not become a driver manager or anything.
Sergio Perez fears 'a very painful year' lies ahead if Force India's roll out of their upgraded car this season proves a dud. the silverstone-based marque started the campaign with a car that is considerably off the pace. the team's B-spec model is now not due to be unveiled until the Austrian grand prix in June.
AP McCoy claimed victory in the Grade One Aintree Hurdles. he rode jezki to victory after Ruby Walsh fell at the final hurdle. the favourite, ridden by Ruby Walsh, had finished runner-up on his last.
Tim Swiel will return to Harlequins on a full-time contract. the 21-year-old spent four months on loan with the sharks earlier this season.
Charlie Hemphrey is the first englishman to hit a Sheffield Shield hundred since 1978. the 25-year-old emigrated to australia 18 months ago to pursue a career at the top level. he scored 140 out of 297 in the first innings of a game against new south wales.
a Russian SU-27 Flanker 'aggressively' intercepted an american plane over Poland. the state department is filing an official complaint to the Russian military. officials have slammed the move as 'unprofessional' and 'unsafe'
Jacques Burger is alleged to have struck Maxime Machenaud during the quarter-finals of the european champions cup. the 31-year-old will face a disciplinary hearing on thursday. the complaint was made by european professional club rugby commissioner Eugene Ryan.
middlesex seamer has been criticised for not hitting 90mph. the 26-year-old has vowed to regain his place in the squad. he was one of the few pluses of a dismal world cup run.
sir Bradley Wiggins and geraint Thomas avoided a major crash in the final kilometre of the one-day race in Scheldeprijs. team-mate Elia Viviani hit the barriers in a crash which sent around 50 riders to the ground and went to hospital for x-rays. after the crash, Katusha's Alexander Kristoff took the win with only 14 riders contesting the sprint.
west indies cut six names from their first training camp under new coach. sheldon cottrell, Miguel Cummins, Shane Dowrich, Shannon Gabriel, Leon Johnson and Veerasammy Permaul have all been stood down. but 21-year-old wicketkeeper-batsman Hope and paceman Carlos Brathwaite have both been retained. leg-spinner Devendra Bishoo has also been handed a recall.
federal jury found dzhokhar tsarnaev guilty of the 2013 bombing of the marathon. the bombing killed three people and wounded more than 260. the jury will now decide whether the 21-year-old former student should be sentenced to death or receive life in prison.
cancer survivor Jonas Gutierrez will trigger a contract extension at Newcastle. the 31-year-old will start the remaining seven matches of the campaign. Gutierrez was the only player to emerge with any credit in the wake of last weekend’s 1-0 defeat at Sunderland.
Tottenham need to keep pace with Harry Kane's progress or risk losing him. the 21-year-old has scored 29 goals in all competitions this season. he penned a new five-and-a-half year contract at spurs in february.
west Ham currently sit first in the premier league rankings with 999 points. the club are eight points ahead of second-placed burnley. allardyce wants his side to qualify via fair play next season.
new manager suffered his first defeat since taking charge of the club. the ibrox side crashed to a second defeat of the season at Palmerston. but new manager Stuart McCall expects his players to bounce back on sunday.
crystal palace host sunderland at the stadium of light (saturday 3pm) seb Larsson is suspended after reaching 10 bookings for the season. defenders wes brown (knee) and emanuele gaccherini are still missing.
the brazilian ace shows off his footballing brain out of hours. dressed in just his shorts he uses his quick feet to juggle the ball. he will be hoping to show off some trickery when Barcelona travel to sevilla.
new york city drew 2-2 at high-flying DC United on saturday. new york's Lloyd Sam scored in the 90th minute to rescue a 2-2 draw.
Bastia lost 4-0 to Paris Saint Germain in the league cup final on saturday. french league president Frederic Thiriez did not come down to shake players' hands. 'If you want to be president of a League with 41 clubs instead of 42, you must go,' says Pierre-Marie Geronimi.
the last time united won a derby at home was in 2011 when Wayne Rooney scored a spectacular acrobatic goal. but united have moved above city in the premier league table for the first time since November 2013. if they beat their suddenly-fragile rivals on sunday, they will move four points clear of the defending champions.
Palermo have not tasted victory away from home since 2-0 win at AC Milan. the islanders are in 11th place and feel a sense of urgency to turn things around. the islanders have picked up just two points in their last six league games.
Cristiano Ronaldo scored five goals as Real Madrid beat Granada 9-1 on sunday. the portuguese star's haul included an eight-minute hat-trick. Jeremy Mathieu scored a diving header as Barcelona beat Celta Vigo 1-0.
Glenn Murray scored a hat-trick as crystal palace beat manchester city 2-1. the striker now boasts the fifth-best goals-per-minute ratio in Europe's top five leagues. his success comes from his cunning and ability to win duels.
Cristiano Ronaldo scored five goals in real madrid's 9-1 rout of Granada on sunday. the spanish champions are four points behind leaders barca in the race for the la liga title. coach Carlo Ancelotti faces a selection dilemma ahead of the match.
real madrid face atletico madrid in the quarter-finals of the competition. dortmund legend and assistant coach Fernando Hierro believes that the spanish giants can win a second successive season. hierro won the champions league three times as a player during his playing career.
crystal palace beat manchester city 2-1 at the etihad on monday night. a controversial Glenn Murray goal put the visitors ahead in the first half. despite both he and Scott Dann appearing to be offside, a second-half penalty was saved by Jason Puncheon. the result leaves city nine points adrift of leaders chelsea.
real madrid beat Granada 9-1 at the Bernabeu on sunday. gareth bale scored twice and assisted another during the international break. the 25-year-old tweeted: 'unbelievable result this afternoon, great team performance. Now for a BBQ'
lazio won 1-0 at Napoli to reach their eighth Coppa Italia final. the Biancoceleste are one point adrift of city rivals Roma. manager Stefano Pioli has told his players to keep their feet on the ground.
manchester city host manchester united at old trafford on sunday. manuel pellegrini's side have fallen behind their arch-rivals in the premier league. city could register a fifth successive derby win for the first time in their history.
Sam Allardyce has told co-owner David Sullivan not to judge his side on 2015's results. west Ham have picked up just 11 points in the premier league since the turn of the year. but allardyce feels the season as a whole has been a success.
the 25-year-old joined the international judo federation on friday. he excelled at the martial art as a teen and was named national champion. smalling signed for manchester united in 2008 after only a handful of appearances.
louis van gaal's side host manchester city at old trafford (saturday 4pm) the red devils have Chris Smalling back in contention after illness. but defender Luke Shaw will not feature after a hamstring injury. van persie will not be risked after ankle trouble. city captain Vincent Kompany doubtful with hamstring injury.
queens park rangers host west london rivals in the premier league on sunday. qpr will not welcome back any of their injured players for the clash. defender Richard Dunne is close to a return but will not be considered. defender Rio Ferdinand also absent with an unspecified knock.
arsenal host manchester united in the premier league on sunday. the two sides are locked in a battle for the second automatic place. a defeat to arsenal could see them slip out of contention.
marouane Fellaini was jeered by fans and pundits in a 3-0 defeat to manchester city last season. the Belgian was substituted in the corresponding fixture last season. louis van gaal has praised the rebirth of the midfielder.
chelsea have topped the premier league since the opening day of the season. jose mourinho has lauded the blues' consistent form. the blues host queens park rangers at loftus road on sunday.
the west london derby takes place at loftus road on sunday. jose mourinho's side are firm favourites to win the premier league. but boss Chris Ramsey believes the game is more crucial to his side than to title-chasing Chelsea.
the former AC Milan midfielder posted a picture on his official Instagram account. he wrote: 'the greater your effort, the greater your earnings'. he has not scored since scoring in the first game of the season.
city defeated swindon 3-0 in the local derby in front of a sold-out crowd. goals from Kieran Agard, Joe Bryan and Aaron Wilbraham secured victory. swindon have finished their last hope of automatic promotion.
Bristol City drew 1-1 with second-placed Preston north end on saturday. if they beat Bradford on Tuesday they will become first club to win promotion. manager Steve cotterill was happy to avoid defeat at deepdale.
Hibernian beat hearts 2-0 in their first derby of the season on sunday. goals from Jason Cummings and Farid El Alagui sealed the win. it was the champions' first win of the season and a valuable three points.
Wigan chairman David Sharpe believes he has made the right appointment. former captain malky mackay was axed by the club on monday. but new manager Gary Caldwell has been unveiled at the DW Stadium.
team sky's geraint Thomas finished 14th in incident-packed Tour of Flanders. norwegian Alexander Kristoff won in a time of six hours, 26 minutes and 38 seconds. he finished ahead of holland's Niki Terpstra and local hope Greg van Avermaet.
the 31-year-old's contract at the nou camp expires in the summer. the full-back has been linked with a move away from the nou camp all season. but his agent, Dinorah Santana, has revealed there is a deal on the table.
the 31-year-old has been unable to agree a new deal with the club. he has been linked with a number of clubs including manchester united and city. but his agent and ex-wife confirmed he had rejected a three-year deal.
Glenn Murray has scored five goals in five games since returning from injury. the striker has earned the best goals-per-minute ratio of anyone in the premier league. pardew believes the 31-year-old is reaping rewards from a loan spell with Reading.
the video was taken from the point of view of a train driver. it shows the train racing along the 9km long electrified track. the track leads from Kleine Scheidegg to Jungraujoch.
the monkey snatches a banana from a female tourist in the town of Kanchanaburi. the lady gets too close to the monkey and it reacts by slapping her camera.
Steve Harmison has led his club to seven wins on the spin. the 36-year-old took 226 wickets for England between 2002 and 2009. he is a boyhood Newcastle fan and is doing well with the non-league side.
dashem Tesfamichael, 30, was jailed for life with a minimum of 13 years for stabbing a young father to death in 2006. he was caught on camera drinking illegal alcohol and dancing to explicit rap music with other inmates at coldingley prison. the sickening 50-second clip was captured on a banned mobile phone and shared with friends on WhatsApp. it shows a stash of drink bottles, biscuits and crisps on a window ledge.
manchester united beat aston villa 3-1 in their premier league clash on saturday. louis van gaal is close to delivering his first-season aim of returning them into the champions league. united are eighth in the table, eight points ahead of fifth-placed liverpool.
the 99th qualifier in the field of 99 due to contest the Masters next week. the englishman got in due to staying in the world’s top 50. at one point, as events unfolded in Morocco and at the Texas open, he was projected to fall to 54th.
three time major winner has rediscovered his form ahead of the Masters. the 43-year-old fell out of the top 300 before accepting an invitation to the Honda Classic in florida. he ended up winning the tournament after a play-off victory against Daniel Berger.
the 25-year-old opened the scoring in the 4-1 win over west brom. he picked up the injury to his left knee after falling awkwardly. the injury is expected to keep him out for between 10-12 weeks.
matt Derbyshire's early goal gave Rotherham the lead after eight minutes. a good cross by Jordan Bowery gave the visitors the lead after eight minutes. the result means both sides are now just two points behind the leaders blackpool.
Darren Bent and Chris Martin scored for the hosts in the second half. the result means they are back in the play-offs after a six-week wobble.
retired engineer, Dave Tyler, 72, built his own observatory in his garden near high Wycombe. the amateur snapper is able to capture sunspots, solar prominences, coronal loops and solar flares. he first became interested in astronomy after seeing the first episode of the BBC's sky at night in 1957.
rodgers insists his side are not in crisis despite successive morale-sapping defeats. liverpool lost 4-1 at the Emirates on saturday. the reds face blackburn in the quarter-finals of the fa cup on tuesday.
MLS side Orlando have expressed interest in javier Hernandez. the 26-year-old has been on loan at real madrid this season. eight european clubs are also interested in signing the midfielder.
the defending champions were only three points behind the defending champions. both teams will rue missed chances to claim all three points. deAndre Yedlin impressed at right-back with a lively display.
men aged 65 and over are ten times more likely to be diagnosed with melanoma. older women are about five times more likely to develop the disease. around 5,700 pensioners are diagnosed with melanoma each year in the uk.
benik Afobe opened the scoring for WOLVES in the 11th minute. david Edwards equalised for the hosts in the 88th minute. the result moves them into sixth place in the championship table.
'that's the madness of it,' says howe after the game at the goldsands. 'it's great for the neutral, but not so great for us,' says howe. 'i couldn't believe in one game we dropped to fourth in the championship'.
referee german delfino awarded a penalty to argentine side Velez Sarsfield. the decision was overturned after linesman Ivan Nunez caught a replay of the incident on cameraman's monitor. replays showed striker Mariano Pavone was the handball offender and the frontman was subsequently booked.
ander Herrera scored twice in united's 3-1 win over aston villa on saturday. the midfielder has expressed his desire to stay at the club for years. the 25-year-old has come through a testing first six months in english football.
young fan was hit by a wayward shot during real madrid's 9-1 win over Granada. goalkeeper Iker Casillas comforted the young fan at the half-time break. the veteran custodian alerted stewards and medical staff shortly after the incident.
Ashley Young was in attendance as Crawley took on Oldham Athletic in league one. the winger's younger brother plays for the home side as a winger or striker. young played 70 minutes in united's 3-1 victory over his former club.
Norwich city beat Sheffield Wednesday 2-0 at the etihad on saturday. midfielder Bradley Johnson scored his 12th and 13th goals of the season. the win maintains their automatic promotion hopes with victory.
the vice-captain wants to stay at anfield but is approaching the final year of his £60,000-per-week contract. he has already rejected a five-year deal worth £80,000-per-week. sportsmail understands an improved offer worth £5.2million-per-year will be enough for Henderson to stay at the club.
around 300 city fans have been afforded free travel on six coaches. the move was made after it was impossible for fans to return home by train or plane on the same night. hundreds of thousands of football fans are facing a travel nightmare this weekend because of the Easter rail shut down.
Ipswich blew a chance to climb into the play-off places after defeat. huddersfield strikers Nahki Wells and James Vaughan gave the hosts the lead. but Luke Varney doubled the lead for the home side in the second half.
Ben Cousins left court with a smug smirk on his face after failing to face a magistrate over reckless driving charges. the former west coast Eagles captain handed himself in to police on tuesday morning. the magistrate labeled him 'a risk to the public' and warned him that he now faces a jail term for the'serious' offences he has committed.
real madrid beat Granada 9-1 at the Bernabeu on sunday. cristiano ronaldo scored five goals and an eight-minute hat-trick. gareth bale broke the deadlock and Granada were 4-0 up before half-time.
arsene wenger admits he didn't expect hector bellerin and Francis coquelin to be playing such key roles in arsenal's late push for the premier league title. wenger had all but given up on coquelin when he was sent on loan to Charlton before christmas. the gunners beat liverpool 4-1 at the emirates on saturday.
crew allowed captain to use the tannoy to congratulate team-mates. he was celebrating team's 2-1 victory against Luxembourg last week. but officials in the country's civilian aviation directorate said it was a serious breach of the safety rules of the flight back from the capital Luxembourg City.
manuel pellegrini insists his side must splash out again this summer. manchester city are currently fourth in the premier league table. pellegrini believes his side are capable of retaining the title.
Troy Deeney scored his 20th goal of the season and contributed significantly to Odion Ighalo scoring his 19th in the second half. the championship lead which Boro held at the start of play has now changed hands 16 times.
malky mackay was sacked by Wigan Athletic after just five months in charge. the 43-year-old was told of the decision during a brief meeting with new chairman. mackay is accused of sending racist, sexist and homophobic messages.
Jeremy Mathieu opened the scoring for the hosts in the 73rd minute. he headed home from close range to give the visitors a 1-0 lead. defender gerard Pique made an incredible save to prevent mathieu opening the scoring.
Juan Arango sank his teeth into the shoulder of Jesus Zavela. he was not booked by the referee but could face a heavy retrospective ban. the 34-year-old scored a magnificent free kick to bring his team level.
Kevin Pietersen returned to nets for the first time since resigning for Surrey. the 34-year-old was pictured leaving the ground just before 2pm. he is expected to step-up his county rehabilitation with a three-day warm-up against Oxford MCCU on April 12.
rodgers admits he must work harder to sell anfield as a destination for ambitious players without the lure of a Champions League campaign. 'if you're not in the champions league it makes it difficult for you,' he says. 'we want to be in the Champions League. that's important and it's key for us,' he adds.
Cristiano Ronaldo scored five goals as Real Madrid thrashed Granada 9-1. it was his 31st career hat-trick and his 24th in La Liga. he has now scored 11 goals in just eight matches against Granada.
Jeremy mathieu scored the winning goal in the 73rd minute. he blamed the internationals for his side's poor performance. the three brazilians all started for the catalan giants.
seven-minute video allegedly shows militants destroying ancient city of Nimrud. it shows them using sledgehammers, drills and barrel bombs to destroy artifacts. the ancient city is on UNESCO's tentative list of world heritage sites. it is located near the Islamic State-controlled city of Mosul.
Mamadou Sakho tweeted a picture of himself with his charity, the Mamadou Sakho Association. the defender played 90 minutes as arsenal beat liverpool 4-1 on saturday. the defeat all but ends Liverpool's hopes of competing in the champions league again next season.
ander Herrera scored a brace against aston villa with his eyes shut. six of his seven goals have been scored without him seeing the ball. the spanish midfielder joined the red devils for £29million in the summer.
andre-Pierre Gignac opened the scoring for Marseille after 30 minutes. a mistake from marco Veratti gave him a clear run on goal. a Jeremy Morel own goal made it 2-2 after a mis-hit free kick. marquinhos made it 2-2 after slamming the ball into the roof of the net.
the 36-year-old daredevil says he'll walk untethered on top of a 400-foot observation wheel in Orlando, Florida, this month. wallenda said Monday at a new york city news conference that the Orlando Eye will be moving when he attempts his feat on April 29.
five males and two females were healthy but dehydrated when they arrived. cubs were taken to the Pocono Wildlife Rehabilitation and Educational Center. they are being bottle-fed special 'fox milk' and formula.
the club's stadium redevelopment is now well under way. pictures from Monday showed the steel foundations for the new part of the Main Stand now taller than the existing structure. work on the Main Stand expansion will be completed by the start of the 2016-17 season with 9,000 seats to be added.
man was kicked out of Neely's Grog House in Port St Lucie, florida. bouncer returned minutes later with a cup of gasoline and threw it on him. bouncer lit the bouncer on fire and fled in a truck.
a deflection from an audacious Nigel de Jong overheated kick saw AC Milan salvage a draw against Sampdoria. de Jong's spectacular effort was headed straight for keeper Emiliano Viviano but found the back of the net off Alfred Duncan's leg. de Jong was lucky to be on the pitch after a late and dangerous sliding tackle went unpunished.
'pre-engagement' is a growing trend with thousands of couples now choosing 'promise' rings ahead of a formal proposal.
real Sociedad took the lead through a Xabi Prieto penalty in the 31st minute. deportivo were awarded a penalty of their own in the 38th minute. deportivo were awarded a penalty of their own in the 57th minute.
Chancey Luna, 17, is accused of shooting dead australian baseball player Chris Lane. if found guilty, he faces a maximum sentence of life in jail without the prospect of release. Lane, 22, was jogging along a street in the rural southern Oklahoma city of Duncan in august 2013 when he was shot in the back.
the unnamed 13-year-old gave out $100 notes in the classroom before going to a friend's house after school, where he also showedered adults with cash. the group of friends went on a shopping spree after the mass giveaway, which began last week.
a newly-released video has highlighted the shocking - and arguably discriminatory - price differences between near-identical products and services offered to men and women. the clip was created by HLN's The Daily Share. it illustrates the prevalence of this 'women's tax' by directly comparing a variety of different products and services aimed at men and women. a Schick’s Hydro 5 men’s razor was picked up for $8.56, but the women’s
21-year-old set new 54-hole scoring record at the 79th masters. he broke the record shared by Tiger Woods and Ray Floyd by a single shot. but he carded a double bogey on the 17th to set a new 54-hole scoring record. if he wins he will go to number two in the world.
celebrity chef matt Kemp's anger issues cost him his first marriage and his business. he unleashed an expletive-ridden tirade on his pregnant wife while filming at Sydney's restaurant balzac in 2004. the 44-year-old said he would work himself into a 'frenzy' because of his uncontrollable rage. he also isolated himself from his kitchen staff who he said at the time he did not care about.
the 75-year-old man was playing golf at the Palmer Sea Reef golf course. he believes he accidentally stood on the saltwater crocodile while looking from his golf ball. he drove himself back to the clubhouse in a buggy after the reptile 'nipped' him. the victim received a deep laceration to his shin and puncture wounds to his calf.
didier Drogba has revealed he will continue his playing career next season. the 37-year-old is yet to be offered an extension on his current deal. veteran striker insists he is not planning to retire at the end of the season.
three girls from Clatskanie, oregon, were bullied into sending nude pictures. they first reported ordeal to school officials but were told to'suck it up' a judge has now ordered each girl to receive $75,000 in damages.
'i've been very lucky to cover so many great games but I do usually plump for this same one,' says Martin Tyler. he reminisces about the seven goal thriller at anfield in 1996. 'everybody remembers Newcastle going for [the league title] but they were in the mix as well,' he says.
javier Hernandez has endured a frustrating season on loan at real madrid. he has spoken about how at times his confidence has been 'left in tatters'. Wolfsburg are looking to bring in another striker and have considered Edin Dzeko.
deputies filmed chasing after 44-year-old after he fled during sting operation. tackled him to ground and ordered him to lie on his stomach. but 73-year-old yells, 'Taser! Taser!' - but takes out service weapon and pulls trigger. after firing one round into suspect, he drops his gun from recoil. 'he shot me! he shot me, man,' he exclaims,
Serie a club have proposed an initial loan deal for the forward. but city are unwilling to let him leave on a temporary basis. the italians rejected several bids from former club last summer.
Mario Gomez has been linked with a move to the nou camp this summer. but the 29-year-old insists he is happy at Fiorentina despite the rumours. the striker has scored four league goals so far this season.
Santi Cazorla has scored seven goals and provided eight assists this season. the 30-year-old has been linked with a return to his homeland with Atletico. but the spaniard says he is happy to stay at the club despite rumours.
Pedro has started just 12 league games for barca this season. the 27-year-old has been linked with a move away from the nou camp. he admits it is logical that there is talk of him leaving the club.
Ronny Deila will try to persuade city to extend Jason denayer's loan deal. the defender made his full debut in Belgium's 1-0 european championship qualifying victory in Israel on tuesday night. the 19-year-old also faces competition from city defender roberto soldado.
Raymond Billam, 40, claimed he was disabled due to back and knee problems. but fraud investigators secretly filmed him taking to the pitch for his team. grandfather-of-four was sentenced to 26-weeks in prison suspended for two years.
Ivan Gazidis says he is 'not happy' that the club are not going to win the title. the gunners won their eighth game in a row in the premier league on saturday. the chief executive says the club will 'keep pushing' to see how far they can go.
atletico madrid defender Miranda has one year left on his contract. the 31-year-old has also been offered to manchester united and city. but both clubs are more interested in the Brazilian's team-mates.
the 52-year-old has been free on bail since he was charged in march. he has been charged with sexually and indecently assaulting two 12-year-old boys at schools in Sydney more than 25 years ago. his lawyer, Phillip Mulherin, applied for a suppression order in the Tweed Heads Local Court on Monday. he argued that identifying his client would cause undue stress and embarrassment.
Thibaut Courtois was exceptional for the blues against queens park rangers. the Belgian goalkeeper has struggled in recent weeks. he was also criticised for failing to keep out Charlie Adam's 66-yard strike.
a handful of Manchester city fans were ejected from old trafford for allegedly mocking the Munich air disaster. stewards threw out the group who were said to be attempting to taunt home supporters by making airplane wings. a total of 23 people perished after a plane carrying Matt Busby's talented young side crashed during a take-off attempt from Munich. police praised the 'overwhelming majority' of supporters at the clash after just eight arrests were
Zarina diyas and Heather Watson were the seeded casualties on the first day of main-draw action at the Family Circle Cup in Charleston. diyas, the 11th seed from Kazakhstan, won the first set against Czech qualifier Lucie Hradecka but was beaten 4-6 6-1 6-3. the other seeds in action, Irina-Camelia Begu and Mona Barthel, progressed in straight sets.
golden state beat the Portland Trail Blazers 116-105 on tuesday night. he broke his own record for most 3-pointers in a season with 45 points. lamarcus aldridge had 27 points and six rebounds, and Damian Lillard added 20 points and eight assists.
a bearded dragon responds when asked if she wants something to eat. owner Shannen Hussein, 21, can be heard asking the reptile 'are you hungry?' the dragon responds with a definite nod of her scaly head. she is then rewarded for her conversational skills with a superworm treat.
Lewis Hamilton was fastest in both practice sessions for this weekend's Chinese grand prix. the briton is bidding to win his fourth grand prix of the season. the team's first victory for almost two years at the last race in Malaysia.
new chief executive of Rotherham council could be paid up to £40,000 more. council will now offer up to £200,000 to candidates, rather than £160,000 enjoyed by former chief boss Martin Kimber.
the 29-year-old would be the first woman ever to reach the finals. she faces a tough start in the form of 1997 world champion Ken Doherty.
Novak Djokovic beats Andy Murray 7-6 4-6 6-0 in the Miami Open final. the serb has lost his last seven matches to the world no 1. the 27-year-old pushed the serb so hard he snatched his towel at the end of the second set.
players are able to vote in the end-of-season awards for the first time. but leBron James seems to think his influence with the Cavaliers deserves recognition. he says he would pick himself for MVP if he could.
the 20-year-old forward had been included in new head coach Pete Russell's 23-man party for the world championship in Holland next week. but he sustained a shoulder injury during the Spokane Chiefs' Western Hockey League play-off series against Everett. he is replaced in the squad by Craig peacock of the Belfast Giants.
the 23-year-old completed a move from Dundee United to Celtic during the January transfer window. he is hoping to win the Scottish premiership title at parkhead next month. the midfielder admits a title party in the east end of the city would be a good idea.
Kyle Naughton has been ruled out for the rest of the season with ankle ligament damage. the full back had to be helped off the pitch by the team physios. a scan on Monday revealed the full back suffered ligament damage.
both skipper al Kellock and hooker Dougie Hall are to retire come the end of may. the pair have a maximum of six outings left of their professional careers. the match will be billed as a tribute to the pair and will be presented by Kellock's dad and Hall's mum along with Alistair Johnson and Bernie Mitchell.
the bronze statue will be positioned on the recently opened Celtic Way. as a player, he won nine consecutive league championship titles, seven Scottish Cups, six League Cups and, of course, he was the first British team captain to lift the European Cup in 1967. work on the statue will be carried out by sculptor who recently completed the statue of Jock Stein.
the defending champion Spurs beat the Houston Rockets 110-98 on Wednesday. the win leaves the top three teams in the NBA's Southwest Division separated by half a game. in the eastern conference, no 1 seed Atlanta had a narrow win over a Brooklyn team that still has its playoff hopes in the balance.
'there's something not right within their DNA when it comes to a derby game,' says carver. 'you've got to try and do as much homework as you can to find out about their personality,' says carver. 'with the amount of foreign players coming in now it's a tougher situation,' says carver.
Monaco midfielder geoffrey kondogbia was one of the most coveted players in Europe prior to signing for the wealthy french club from Sevilla in 2013. the 22-year-old has impressed scouts in Europe and the french league this season. he was key to Monaco's champions league win over arsenal.
Newcastle are in danger of being sucked into relegation battle. the magpies have lost four on the spin - scoring just once. it is unlikely to arrive at anfield, a venue they last won in 1994.
gareth bale returns from international duty with real madrid on tuesday. the winger hits a powerful left-footed bullet into the net at the far post. bale scored his 15th and 16th goals for his country against Israel.
Real Sociedad are hopeful of signing burnley striker Danny Ings. the 23-year-old's contract at the club expires in the summer. ings has interest from borussia monchengladbach among others.
atletico madrid face real madrid in the champions league on tuesday. the spanish giants lost 4-0 to the spanish giants in the champions league final last season. argentine striker Fernando Torres has praised coach Diego Simeone's coaching style.
lazio replaced their fierce city rivals Roma as the leading challengers in the battle to chase down Serie A leaders Juventus. lazio took a fourth-minute lead through Stefano Mauri with Miroslav Klose adding a second just after the half-hour mark. the Giallorossi are now 13 points behind Juve after struggling to draw 1-1 at Torino on Sunday.
the northern irishman is looking to complete a career grand slam with victory at the Augusta national this week. only five men have won all four of golf's majors in the Masters era, those being Jack Nicklaus, Tiger Woods, Ben Hogan, Gary Player and Gene Sarazen. a win would also be the third major he has won in a row after his success at the open and the USPGA Championship towards the back end of 2014.
wakefield were thrashed 80-0 by Warrington Wolves in the first utility super league. the rout saw a hat-trick of tries by Wolves' Richie Myler and a 28-point haul for Stefan Ratchford.
argentine striker scored 100th goal for city in 158 appearances. he scored in injury time against QPR to win title in 2012. but if city slip out of the top four, he will have to think of himself.
the 37-year-old prop had not scored a try for almost 12 months. peacock broke his try drought with a try in the first half. full-back Niall Evalds followed up his two-try show against Wigan.
conor o'Shea has revealed his concern at the increasing force of rugby's collisions. the full back has not played since the final round of the RBS 6 Nations on march 21. the episode raises questions about whether the 29-year-old was brought back too early for England's title-decider against France.
united opened up a four-point gap on their rivals at old trafford. goals from Ashley Young, Marouane Fellaini, Mata and Chris Smalling gave the red Devils their biggest derby win for six years. 'it's a massive win for us, it's a great result and everyone at United is happy,' says mata.
the striker limped off just 11 minutes into his return from injury against Stoke. he will not do any ball work at the club's Cobham HQ this week. the spaniard is expected to see a specialist before he is given the green light to step up his rehabilitation regime.
manuel pellegrini could be out of a job at the end of the season. but if he is, he will have left little behind at the premier league. there is no particular desire at the club to sack pellegrini. city's squad is too old, too foreign and has not been improved.
city lost 2-1 to crystal palace at the etihad stadium on monday night. the defeat leaves them nine points adrift of the premier league leaders. £40m signing Eliaquim Mangala never made it off the bench.
everton defender John Stones was on the catalan club's defensive transfer shopping list last summer. the 20-year-old moved up the list with performances for the club. he signed a new £30,000-a-week five year deal keeping him at everton until 2019.
everton beat stoke city 1-0 at goodison park on saturday. manager Roberto Martinez insists he is flexible in his tactical approach. the spaniard insists he is 'not someone who needs to defend himself'.
alberto moreno insists he is not worried about Romelu Lukaku's new agent. agent mino Raiola said he would never have sanctioned the move. the 21-year-old became everton's record signing last summer.
Tottenham have confirmed they will play a friendly in Malaysia next month. the match will take place at the Shah Alam stadium on may 27. the 21-year-old has been told he will be part of the travelling party. he is keen to play for the under 21 side in the Czech Republic.
everton beat southampton 1-0 in their premier league clash at goodison park. captain Phil Jagielka scored his fifth goal of the season at goodison park. but the england defender was withdrawn with 20 minutes to go.
Kevin Streelman won the par-3 contest on a play-off against Camilo Villegas. the 75-year-old recorded his first hole-in-one at the masters on tuesday. he is the latest player to be saddled with the 'curse' of the par-three champion.
the spanish midfielder was caught in the face by a flailing arm. the collision left him with a large gash on his nose. the 27-year-old also took a whack on his leg during the game.
former world no 1 spotted dancing while he practised at augusta. he had headphones in both ears as he listened to music. the 39-year-old will play in the traditional Masters warm-up on tuesday.
australian marc leishman has withdrawn from this year's Masters. his wife Audrey spent part of last week in an induced coma owing to a serious infection. 'we have a very short member season at augusta national of seven months,' says chairman Billy Payne.
chelsea beat stoke 2-1 at stamford bridge on saturday. goals from Eden Hazard and Loic Remy secured victory. the blues are seven points clear at the top of the premier league.
striker Harry Kane has scored 29 goals in 44 games for Tottenham so far this season. the 21-year-old has also been named player of the month twice. chelsea's Eden Hazard is odds-on favourite to be named player of the year.
manchester united beat aston villa 3-1 at old trafford on saturday. ander Herrera scored twice and Wayne Rooney scored a brace. louis van gaal has piled pressure on city ahead of their games.
both defenders appeared in united's 3-1 win over aston villa on saturday. the argentine posed alongside his wife and daughter on a private plane. the duo sealed moves to old trafford during the summer transfer window. the mail on sunday exclusively revealed he had an affair with fitness instructor.
liverpool face blackburn in the quarter-finals of the premier league on tuesday. the reds lost 4-1 at top four rivals arsenal on saturday afternoon. manager brendan rodgers conceded defeat in his quest for the top four.
manchester united beat aston villa 3-1 at old trafford on saturday. ander Herrera opened the scoring for the hosts after 43 minutes. but winger ander Herrera doubled the red devils' lead after 90 minutes. marouane Fellaini doubled the red devils' lead after 79 minutes with a stunning half-volley.
'Team Pardew' could be a candidate for manager of the year. combining his records at both clubs would see him in eighth place. a team compiled with Newcastle and crystal palace's stats pre/post Pardew would be sitting in 19th. a team compiled with Newcastle and crystal palace's stats pre/post Pardew would be sitting in 19th.
bafetimbi gomis scored twice in Swansea's 3-1 win over Hull on Saturday. the frenchman has scored four goals in his last six premier league games. queens park rangers forward Charlie Austin is runner up with a score of 52.2.
defender Dejan Lovren has been out of favour at the club recently. but he could return against blackburn in the quarter-final on tuesday. defender Kolo Toure was given a torrid time by arsenal. rodgers says he knows what to expect from Toure.
Darren Bent pounced in stoppage time to rescue a 1-1 draw for the bees at the ipro stadium. the on-loan winger was caught by toumani diagouraga in the fifth minute and curled a 25-yard free-kick over the wall. but Brentford hit back in the 14th minute when Moses Odubajo's header set up a shot that Lee Grant pushed away.
Tony Pulis has discussed pre-season plans with Saido Berahino. the 21-year-old is likely to be away with gareth southgate's under 21 side. west bromwich albion were open to bids of £20million for the striker.
Leicester are bottom of the premier league and six points adrift of safety. a 2-1 win over westham last weekend ended a run of just two points. but boss Nigel Pearson insists they have no margin for error in their relegation fight.
Neymar 'can't understand why he is subbed so much', according to reports in Spain. the brazilian has been replaced in 15 of his 34 matches this season. he scored his side's second goal with a curling free kick.
Troy Deeney has scored 64 goals in 123 league games this season. the striker believes he can follow in the footsteps of Charlie Austin and Danny Ings. deeney won the championship's player of the month award for march.
Jeremy peace has put west bromwich albion up for sale for £150million. but only to someone who would be a suitable owner by the end of the season. peace has fielded enquiries from consortia in the us, china and australia.
arsenal target Raheem sterling is a better player than Mesut Ozil, according to BT Sport pundit michael Owen. the former liverpool forward made the claim before his side's 4-1 defeat to arsenal at the Emirates on Saturday. Owen believes there should not be a debate about whether the wantaway forward is more talented than Ozil.
Robert Lewandowski scored the winner on his first visit back to the club he left on a free transfer last summer. lewandowski spent four years at the club, leading them to back-to-back league titles during that period. roman weidenfeller saved Thomas Muller's original effort bu the ball fell kindly to the Poland striker.
villarreal defender Mateo Musacchio fractured his fibula and dislocated his left ankle during his side's 1-1 draw at getafe on sunday. the 24-year-old underwent successful surgery hours later in madrid. villarreal's argentine striker Luciano vietto also tweeted support for the defender.
bastian Schweinsteiger picked up an ankle injury during Bayern's 1-0 win over borussia dortmund on saturday. the german cup quarter-final clash against bayer leverkusen is in doubt.
Bayern Munich travel to bayer leverkusen in the german cup quarter-final. manager pep guardiola has to adapt his team to a number of injuries. a 1-0 win against borussia Dortmund was crucial to their treble-winning campaign.
manuel pellegrini says his academy players are not ready to step into his first-team squad. he says city may look to invest heavily in other teams' homegrown talent. the premier league regulations require clubs to carry at least eight homegrown players, which can include youngsters who have spent three of their formative years at an english club. defending league champions also linked with arsenal's Jack Wilshere and Ross Barkley of everton.
the 32-year-old only replaced the axed malky mackay on Wednesday. a stylish free-kick hauled Wigan level, only for a stunning long-range effort from Matt Smith put Fulham back in front. but Jason Pearce's 69th-minute effort earned the latics a point.
former Celtic striker scored a stoppage-time winner for the canaries. hooper had been a transfer target for lennon earlier in the season. he lobbed keeper Adam Bogdan to score as the defenders switched off.
manchester united beat city 4-2 at old trafford on sunday. goals from Ashley Young, Marouane Fellaini, Juan Mata and Chris Smalling gave the hosts the lead. city were at sixes and sevens in the first 15 minutes.
England beat championship leaders South Africa 21-14 in the final of the sevens world series event in Tokyo. it is their first title since the Wellington Sevens in february 2013 and puts them fourth in the series so far. south africa still lead the way after collecting 19 for the runners-up spot to move onto 129.
at the peak of her career as an England netball player, she earned just £742 a month. but she has never lived in the shadow of her footballing brothers. 'i don't think there was ever any way Philip was coming out before me,' she says.
the five-star restaurant has been'recommended in the mitchelin guide for the past eight years'. the class of '92 – minus David Beckham – previously dined there. current first-team players and their manager also frequent the restaurant.
arsenal have won seven on the spin in the premier league and made Liverpool look like relegation candidates as opposed to champions league rivals. this is the most impressive team the Gunners have boasted since the dying embers of the Invincibles side of more than a decade ago. by mid-October they had already dropped 13 points.
Kenny Miller fears Rangers' promotion bid could be derailed by the Ibrox side's rollercoaster run of form. the light blues suffered the first defeat of new boss Stuart McCall's six-game reign as they slumped to a 3-0 defeat at queen of the south. it was an especially flat display after the high of recent Scottish Championship victories over Hearts and Hibernian.
Jake Drage was jailed after a crash that killed a woman riding a motorcycle with her teenage daughter. the 23-year-old surfer was taken into custody in June last year. he said his time in prison was 'like a yo yo, all up and downs'.
tennis champion Novak Djokovic started shouting at his backroom team after he lost the second set of the Miami open to Andy Murray. he grabbed a towel from the ball boy who seemed startled by the loud confrontation. umpire Damien dumusois issued a warning for the way he treated the ball boy. but there was no reprimand for the manner in which he treated him.
every one of Africa's 54 member countries will vote for sepp blatter in the next month's FIFA presidential election. 'you shall always be at home here, on this continent,' said president of the confederation of african football. 'Africa is comfortable having you. Africa stays with you,' said president Issa Hayatou.
Antoine Griezmann opened the scoring for the hosts after 10 minutes. atletico madrid doubled their lead after 10 minutes with a header from a Mikel Gonzalez corner. atletico's defender yuri canales equalised for the home side with a curling effort. aguero scored a consolation goal for the hosts after he was left totally unmarked.
Cristiano Ronaldo scored his 300th goal for Real Madrid in 2-0 win at Rayo Vallecano. the 30-year-old becomes only the third player in the club's history to achieve the feat. he has scored 161 of his goals in the Santiago Bernabeu and 61 between minutes 76 and 90.
mabbutt, 53, was rushed to hospital after waking up at 1am to find his leg had gone cold back in 2013. his diabetes had led to a clogged artery in the limb and doctors warned him it was 'touch and go' on whether the leg would have to be amputated. he was treated at King's College hospital in south east london, undergoing an emergency five-hour operation. surgeons were required to replace the main artery in his left
the 46-year-old works out three times a week with her long-term trainer, Mandy Ingber. sessions include 20-25 minutes of spinning, followed by 45 minutes of yoga.
vandal damaged exit barrier at Nottingham train station's multi-storey car park. bizarre incident caught on CCTV and caught on cctv. man grimaces as he lifts metal barrier on his shoulders causing damage.
atletico madrid finished goalless in their champions league quarter-final first leg clash at the Vicente Calderon on Tuesday. goalkeeper Jan Oblak made a string of excellent saves to deny gareth Bale in the fourth minute. another fantastic stop kept James Rodriguez from opening the scoring in the first half.
barlow surprised bridesmaids by sung 'a million love songs' at reception. the singer had promised to go along to the couple's wedding reception. bridesmaids Kirsty Miles and Becky Young had started a twitter campaign. barlow then sent the bride a message saying he couldn't make her special day.
deanna Robinson, 38, was 38 weeks pregnant when she says she was struck at least three times in her back at her parents' home. she said deputies and state workers from Child Protective Services were present to remove her 18-month-old son because of allegations of abuse or neglect. the video shows a group of people in the kitchen of her parents' home - her mother is holding her son as two officers struggle with her. in the video, which was posted to facebook and YouTube, Robinson can be heard screaming
Amanda Peake Glover was a devoted youth ministry teacher and choir singer who'd only one month before had completed the Myrtle Beach marathon with her brother. her husband, benji, is, no doubt, the most shocked of all. 'if I'm half the mother she was, then i'll be doing a really good job,' her friend said.
former world no 1 was pictured hugging his children on the course at augusta. he was joined by his longterm girlfriend Lindsey Vonn on the slopes. woods, 39, recently dropped out of the top 100 for the first time since 1996.
atletico madrid drew 0-0 with real madrid at the Vicente Calderon on tuesday. gareth bale was denied by atletico goalkeeper Jan Oblak in the first half. joel campbell scored a late consolation for the visitors.
Sheffield Wednesday beat Brentford 1-0 in the championship play-offs. a whipped cross from caolan lavery found the back of the net. but the striker could not wrap his foot around it and the ball sailed wide. a mistake from Harlee Dean looked as though it had gifted a sure-fire goal.
the only way is Essex star scored with his first touch for non-league side. it put a smile on the face of his on-screen girlfriend in the stands. hall hit the headlines this week after reports he is dating actress Lindsay Lohan.
the 27-year-old is marrying long-term girlfriend, also 27, in his hometown of Dunblane. guests wishing them well will be largely a gathering of close family and friends.
independent network dozhd fears video may fall foul of putin's 'gay propaganda' laws. video features democrat campaigners Jared Milrad and Nate Johnson holding hands. if aired without warning, company could have faced £13,200 fine under laws.
cara Lee-Fanus was rushed to hospital but died from a head injury the next day. doctors discovered bruises all over her body as well as burn marks on her head. she was rushed to hospital on may 28 last year but could not be saved. her mother, Kirsty Lee, 25, and ex-boyfriend Alistair Wayne Bowen, 35, appeared at guildford magistrates' court today.
richie Benaud was to be farewelled by a group of just twelve people at a secret ceremony organised by his wife, Daphne. the 84-year-old former test captain and internationally renowned cricket commentator was to be laid to rest at a quiet private funeral. despite an offer by the prime minister to hold a state funeral, the cricketing legend wished for a quiet farewell which his wife respected.
huddersfield drew 2-2 with blackburn at the amex stadium on tuesday night. demarai gray scored twice as the hosts salvaged a point at the amex. the result ends a run of three successive defeats for the seagulls.
the 44-year-old, named by locals as Donna Christie, slipped and fell from Hassans Fall lookout at Lithgow on Tuesday afternoon. she was bushwalking with a male friend and her two children, aged 12 and 13, when she dropped her phone at the lookout. it took two hours for police, paramedics and the Lithgow Volunteer Rescue Squad to rescue the woman.
the 19-year-old was in contention to play for the club's under 21s against Derby. however, it is understood he has succumbed to injury once again. the loss would be yet another blow to head coach John carver.
EmbryoScope technology allows medics and parents to record the microscopic miracle of life. a tiny camera, placed inside an incubator, films the reproduction process. it also allows experts to select the best possible embryos based on how they form during the conception process. some 1,500 couples in the uk have had babies using the technology.
barcelona drew 2-2 with sevilla at the Parc des Princes stadium on saturday. the brazilian was substituted by Xavi with 20 minutes remaining. he was clearly furious at being replaced by lionel messi. but coach Luis Enrique has sought to play down his petulant reaction.
Dane Bouris appeared at waverley court on Tuesday and pleaded not guilty. he was arrested at his Watsons Bay home on the weekend for allegedly assaulting his model girlfriend, Alexandra Dankwa. the 22-year-old started her career as child model for Grace Brothers, Samsung and HASBRO.
in a survey, 2,005 adults in the UK were questioned on what common events make them feel stressed. not being able to sleep, losing your keys, and being stuck in traffic ranked as the top three emergencies that Brits find most straining.
the 38-year-old comedian uploaded a seven-second clip of the spider. he grins manically as the three-inch house spider crawls out of his mouth. the spider runs down across Limmy's chin before heading towards his forehead.
rose devereux, 49, was left in agony and disfigured after years of alleged incompetent treatment. bottom row of teeth virtually destroyed by terrible gum disease and crowns covering a similar disaster on the top row. she now faces a bill of £30,000 to get her smile back.
sterling has rejected a £100,000-a-week contract at anfield. arsene wenger believes they have the financial capability to pull off a deal. liverpool, chelsea, manchester city and manchester city are all interested.
Isaiah Jay brown scored twice as the blues defeated shakhtar donetsk 3-2. the 18-year-old was the star of the show in the UEFA youth team league final. the blues defeated teams of the calibre of atletico madrid and Roma.
Serie a side inter are keen to sign manchester city midfielder Yaya Toure. the italian giants are prepared to submit an offer of £43million for the 31-year-old. toure has scored seven goals and set up one more in 22 premier league appearances this term for city.
jared milrad and his fiancé, Nate Johnson, are campaigning for democrats. they were featured in a video announcing her 2016 bid for the white house. the video quickly became one of the most widely viewed political clips of the year.
the 22-year-old is wanted by spurs in a £4.4million deal from Cologne. defender says it would be a 'dream' to join a top club like Mauricio pochettino.
sterling says he is not ready to sign a new £100,000-a-week deal at the club. the midfielder says he needs to focus on playing every week for the club. former manchester united midfielder says his links with arsenal are 'quite flattering'
N'golo Kante is attracting interest from arsenal, Newcastle and Southampton. the 24-year-old is a defensive minded player who has impressed for Caen. the midfielder would be willing to sell for around £5million.
the 19-year-old is a key player for Valencia, having played 27 league matches this season. he is a spanish under 21 international, though he was forced to leave the camp last week after suffering a hamstring injury. both Chelsea and city are willing to pay the £13 million buyout clause.
leBron James praised the 19-year-old for the 'leadership', 'courage' and'strength' she had shown while suffering from Diffuse Intrinsic Pontine Glioma (DIPG) he wrote: 'for every life u touched, u made the biggest impact [on] them by just being YOU!!'
clarence habersham, 37, should be arrested for falsifying a report about the actions of 33-year-old shooter Michael Slager. he was the second officer to arrive at the body of slain father, 50, and did not report his actions leading up to the shooting. the call comes after Slager, who has been fired from the northchareston police and charged with murder last week, is thought to have falsified reports.
pop star, 41, has ditched plans for a two-storey basement extension. he wants to lower some floors and knock down walls to create rooms. one of the walls earmarked for demolition is between lounge and home cinema. took that singer angered rocker with ambitious plans for 46-room mansion.
city officials are trying to determine what caused bricks to fall nine stories from the facade of a vacant building in downtown Cleveland, crushing a minivan that was parked below. bricks along the top of the former National City Bank building collapsed and showered down onto the street and sidewalk just after 4 p.m. Monday but no one was injured. the building and minivan were unoccupied at the time of the collapse, and no injuries were reported.
Mogi Mirim have hired the troubled son of former brazilian star Pele. the 44-year-old will be the team's coach in the second division of the Brazilian league this year. the former goalkeeper was one of the assistant coaches for the club where his father thrived in the 1960s.
Hamburg have appointed Bruno Labbadia as their new coach. the 49-year-old has coached the club for one season in 2009-10. the contract is also valid for the second division should they be relegated.
child was outside shops in Brighton, east Sussex, when dog attacked her. girl suffered a single puncture wound to upper lip following attack. police said dog was off the lead with two similar dogs - two black and one white.
Newcastle lost 2-0 at home to liverpool in the premier league on monday. the result means they are nine points above the relegation zone. manager carver insists his side have'six cup finals' left to play.
a woman has been charged with assaulting a police officer in west australia. the 26-year-old allegedly squirted breast milk at a female officer. the incident occurred during a strip search at rockingham police station. the mother of three was refused bail and remanded in custody. she faces up to 18 months in jail and could face a prison sentence.
Siem de Jong suffered a collapsed lung in february. the midfielder could return to action before the end of the current season. de Jong will feature for Newcastle's reserve side against Derby County.
13-year-old jumped into deep waters at east quarry near wigan on friday. friends desperately tried to save him but his lifeless body was found by police. his death is not being treated as suspicious but an inquest will be held.
hibernian face a battle over potentially lucrative gate revenues with lower league clubs. the club would have to hand over 50 per cent of play-off profits. the issue will go to the vote at the SPFL AGM next Thursday.
aljaz bedene secured a British passport last month but cannot play for Great Britain in the Davis Cup. the 26-year-old could make his debut as a British player at the new AEGON Manchester Trophy, a grass-court event which starts on may 31.
Lewis Hamilton will start ahead of team-mate Nico Rosberg on the spin. the briton is four-hundredths of a second ahead of his team-mate. Vettel is third fastest in the world and will start second.
Justin Rose will be in the final pair with Jordan Spieth at Augusta on Sunday. world no 1 Rory McIlroy is paired with Tiger Woods in the final grouping. 2013 champion Adam Scott is paired with englishman Lee Westwood.
Novak Djokovic lost the second set of the Miami open final to Andy Murray. the world no 1 snatched a towel from the startled ball boy who seemed startled by the loud confrontation. the world no 1 has since issued an apology via facebook to the boy's parents.
AP McCoy won the Melling Chase at Aintree on friday. he will ride hot favourite Shutthefrontdoor in the Crabbie's grand national. don cossack ran away with the grade one betfred Melling Chase.
reigning f1 champion again claims pole position at Shanghai international circuit. the 30-year-old has a record five poles to his name at the track, and three in succession, to take his tally to 41 overall in his career. Hamilton finished just 0.042secs ahead of his Mercedes team-mate Nico Rosberg.
red bull have struggled at the start of 2015 after a run of four successive championship triumphs. red bull even trailed'sister' team Toro Rosso at the last race in Malaysia. the main gripe has centred on power-unit supplier Renault, with billionaire benefactor dietrich Mateschitz suggesting this week he could pull his team out of the sport.
Jonathan Trott was dismissed for a duck in his first game back in the Test team. the wicket left the hosts one for one after just five balls after being put into bat by the west indies in the first test in antigua. he last played a Test for his country in 2013 when he withdrew from the disastrous ashes tour with a stress-related illness.
Jimmy Anderson was given a silver cap by Mike Atherton to mark his 100th Test. both teams stood either side of the pitch for a minute’s silence in honour of the late, great Richie Benaud, who passed away last week. the two ends of the Sir Vivian Richards Stadium were renamed in honour of Sir Curtly Ambrose and Sir Andy Roberts.
Jonathan Brownlee won the gold coast triathlon in the ITU world series. the 24-year-old backed up his win in Auckland a fortnight ago. he remained at the front during the swim and broke clear in the run.
the thunder filmed a lip-sync version of 'Is This The Way To Amarillo'. the team are coached by Gary and Phil's sister, who will take over as England coach at the end of the season. the video also features appearances from Brooke Vincent, Hayley Tamaddon and Katy Cavanagh.
costel Pantilimon conceded four goals in 45 minutes against sunderland. the goalkeeper feared the worst for himself and the club's top-flight status. the 28-year-old admits there has been a definite mood change under Dick Advocaat.
Celtic drew 1-1 with third-placed inverness caley thistle on saturday. leigh Griffiths gave the visitors the lead in the third minute. but it was not enough for the visitors to take the lead in the second half.
the 33-year-old scored 143 on the first day of the first test in antigua. he was dropped from the side on his last visit to the Caribbean in 2009. 'it's been at the back of my mind for some time that I got dropped the last time I was here for a test series,' he said.
Stuart Armstrong has backed under-fire Dundee United boss Jackie McNamara to turn around his troubled season at Tannadice. McNamara has faced a furious fan backlash in the past week amid a woeful run of results. since selling prize assets Armstrong and Gary Mackay-Steven to Celtic for £2million on transfer deadline day, united have won just once, in a Scottish Cup tie at Stranraer.
Kevin Mirallas was one of everton's top performers in the first half of the season. but his form has tailed off following a number of hamstring injuries. it was mooted at one point that he and lennon could be part of a swap deal.
Celtic drew 0-0 with inverness caledonian thistle on saturday. leigh Griffiths opened the scoring for the hosts in the third minute. the result means the Highlanders will face the champions next weekend.
Rangers kept pressure on Hibernian in the race for second spot in the championship with a comfortable 4-0 win over Raith Rovers. the light blues bounced back from their defeat by queen of the south on tuesday. the win means Rangers and Hibs remain level on 61 points, albeit the Leith side have the better goal difference.
two goals from Nicky Law and one each from Nicky Clark and Haris Vuckic gave Rangers a 4-0 win over Raith. 'it was okay, although we went through the motions and we can't afford to do that,' said manager Stuart McCall. 'there is no singing and dancing today. we have done OK. we have done OK. we need to be better and we can be better,' said McCall.
moussa sissoko was sent off for a second bookable offence against liverpool. the 25-year-old lunged in and caught the midfielder on the ankle. carver labelled his captain's tackle as 'indefensible'.
redknapp branded the situation at QPR a'soap opera' and accused 'people with their agendas' of working against him. some players, including Joey Barton, blame redknapp's recruitment in the summer transfer window and poor work on the training ground. but the Brazilian midfielder says he is not at fault for the club's predicament.
Jordan Henderson thinks his side could catch Manchester city in the premier league. the vice-captain played his 47th game of season in the 2-0 win over Newcastle. city have been faltering and lost 4-2 at manchester united.
Chelsea defeated shakhtar donetsk 3-2 to reach the UEFA Youth Team League final. they are the holders of the FA Youth Cup and defending champions. under 19 standard, they are officially the best team in Europe. but how many of these talented tyros will graduate to first-team in next year or two?
a new post has been opened after Paul Downton lost his job as the ewcb's managing director of cricket on tuesday. ECB chief executive Tom Harrison is keen to have Downton's replacement focus solely on performances. ashes 2005 winning skipper Vaughan is among the early frontrunners.
downton was sacked as managing director of the ewcb on tuesday. he was a supporter of alastair cook but was persuaded to sack him as one-day captain three weeks before the disastrous world cup campaign. downton's removal means the path is now clear for Kevin Pietersen if he scores runs for Surrey.
Adi Viveash's side face Shakhtar Donetsk in the final of the UEFA Youth League on Monday. the under 19 side beat Roma 4-0 in the semi-finals on friday. the final will be played at the Stade Colovray in Nyon, Switzerland. click here for all the latest UEFA Youth League news.
the two major cobbled classics - the Tour of Flanders and Paris-Roubaix - looming large over the next two weekends. Sir Dave Brailsford's move to put more emphasis on the Spring Classics has already paid dividends in the early part of the season. the shift in emphasis has already paid dividends in the early part of the season.
arsenal goalkeeper has won 11 of his 12 games since displacing Wojciech Szczesny. he has the highest win ratio of any player to have made more than 10 appearances. former manchester city defender Stefan Savic is second on the list.
players endured rainy spells during their practice on Tuesday. the typically warm and humid weather is expected to be unsettled by a cold front heading into Augusta for the weekend. a cold front is likely to bring more showers and thunderstorms, especially on Friday and Saturday.
the first major of the year will be played at the world-famous Augusta national golf club. the tournament will feature the likes of graeme mcdowell, graeme mcdowell and rory mcilroy. past Masters champions graeme mcdowell and charl schwartzel also feature.
downton made the big call to sack Kevin Pietersen and reappoint Peter Moores. the ECB wanted to 'create a culture' in which captain alastair cook had 'the full support of all players'
Dikembe Mutombo, an eight-times NBA All-Star, was elected to the Naismith Memorial Basketball Hall of Fame on Monday. Mutombo was a shot-blocking Congolese centre whose legendary finger-wagging motion became one of the most recognized gestures in the game. the class of 2015 will be enshrined at the Hall of Fame in Springfield, Massachusetts on September 11.
the northern irishman will be joined over the first two rounds by three-time Masters champion Phil Mickelson and another mercurial american in Ryan Moore. Tiger Woods returns to action for the first time since February alongside two stars of last year's Ryder Cup at Gleneagles, Jamie Donaldson and Jimmy Walker.
Cesc Fabregas scored the winner in the 88th minute at loftus road. it was the blues' first shot on target in the game at the etihad stadium. didier drogba praised his side's mentality after the game.
the Brooklyn Nets beat a weakened Portland Trail Blazers on Monday. the game was postponed due to bad weather on January 26. deron Williams added 24 points and 10 assists for the nets.
former manchester united and england defender says city have a'mentality problem'. city lost 2-1 to crystal palace in the premier league on monday night. 'they can't sustain success by winning back-to-back championships,' he said.
atletico madrid face real madrid in the champions league on tuesday. atletico reached last season's final before losing to their city rivals. manager Diego Simeone is reason behind atletico's recent success.
Jolyon Palmer will drive in every Friday practice session for Lotus. the 24-year-old is determined to claim a place in formula one next year. he is the son of former f1 driver and GP2 champion Jonathan.
the Spurs defeated the Golden State Warriors 107-92 on sunday. Kawhi Leonard matched his career best with 26 points and set a new career-high with seven steals. the win ends the Warriors' 12-game winning streak and extends their own to seven straight.
Jordan Spieth believes he is better equipped to win the first major of the year after coming close on his debut in 2014. the 21-year-old held a two-shot lead after seven holes of the final round. he finished joint second with Sweden's Jonas Blixt.
real madrid face atletico madrid in the champions league on tuesday. the reigning champions have failed to beat their local rivals in six attempts this season. the spanish giants have also been beaten twice and held to two draws in the spanish Supper cup and the Copa del Rey.
Al Horford scored 20 points as the Atlanta Hawks beat the Brooklyn Nets 131-99 on Saturday night. however, the team lost forward Paul Millsap to a shoulder injury in the first half. the game ended the nets' season-best six-game winning streak.
former real madrid defender claims to find coaching 'easy' as a player. the 42-year-old won the 2002 world cup with brazil. he has already worked on the sidelines in turkey with sivasspor and Akhisar Belediyespor.
football manager simulated the match between the premier league's best players from the north and south of the country. the Southern All-Stars came out on top with a brace from Alexis Sanchez and Harry Kane. despite falling behind less than a minute into the game to a stunning finish from Sergio Aguero, the Northern All-Stars were able to mount a fightback.
the first-leg of the tie will take place at the Parc des Princes on Wednesday. defender Adriano warned his team-mates they must be at their absolute best. he said: 'if we make any mistakes, even small ones, they have excellent players that can break the game'.
real madrid host atletico madrid in the champions league on tuesday. the spanish giants are unbeaten in six derbies this season. atletico have beaten real twice in the league and in the spanish super cup and the Copa del Rey.
Lucas Moura has lauded fellow south american Lionel Messi ahead of his side's champions league clash with Barcelona. the argentine says he is 'obsessed' with his fellow player's way of playing. the pair are known to be rivals when it comes to football.
Thiago Silva is gearing up to face barcelona in the champions league quarter-final. the brazilian says he will face an attack possessing the best three players in the world. the defender says the home leg at home will be pivotal for his side.
Chelsea are in talks with Belgian side Royal Mouscron-Peruwelz. talks have been ongoing for over a month after french side Lille cut ties with Mouscron. a deal is expected to advance over the next fortnight.
the 27-year-old was taken off in the first half of their win over bayer leverkusen. a medical examination suggested he would be out for between 'two and four weeks'. benatia joins a long injury list at bayern munich that includes bastian Schweinsteiger, David Alaba, Javi Martinez and reserve keeper Tom Starke.
Zlatan Ibrahimovic opened the scoring from the penalty spot after Sebastien Squillaci was sent off. substitute Edinson Cavani added more luster to the win in the closing stages of the match.
fikile Mbalula says he has received assurances from FIFA's ethics committee that it will complete and present a report in June. FIFA had strong suspicions that some of the south africa national team's warm-up games in the weeks before it hosted the 2010 world cup were fixed. referees were suspected of working for convicted match-fixer Wilson Raj Perumal and manipulating matches.
the player was offered money if he followed a 'pre-decided pattern of play' he immediately reported the incident to the Indian cricket board's (BCCI) anti-corruption and security unit.
former motherwell boss admits life at Ibrox has taken its toll on him. despite losing heavily to queen of the south, he insists he's loving life. 'i'm in a fortunate position to be doing the job i'm doing at this moment,' he says.
Nikola Karabatic will stand trial for fraud over his suspected involvement in an illegal betting case. he and his brother were among a group of players banned by the french league two years ago for betting on the result of a match. other former or current Montpellier players including Mladen Bojinovic, Samuel Honrubia, Dragan Gagic, Primoz Prost, Issam Tej and Mickael Robin will also be tried.
defender Bilel mohsni was booked for reacting to opposition fans. the Tunisian defender is adamant Rangers cannot risk unnecessary suspensions as they attempt to land a Premiership place via the play-offs.
the final of the european challenge cup is now within reach for the Scots. if they prevail, they will head to Twickenham Stoop - home of Harlequins. winger Tim Visser signed a two-year deal with the club this month.
queen of the south beat queens park rangers 2-0 in dumfries. a first-half own goal from Lewis Kidd doubled the lead. a second-half own goal from gavin Reilly forced an own goal to dent Rangers' second place hopes.
al Kellock will retire at the end of the season and take up a new role with the SRU. the 33-year-old has amassed 56 international caps and made over 200 appearances for Glasgow and Edinburgh. he admitted that the odds were stacked against him even being a rugby player as he grew up in football-mad Bishopbriggs.
Bristol City beat Preston 3-0 at deepdale on tuesday night. aaron wilbraham scored the only goal of the game in the 63rd minute. it was the first time the two sides have met in the championship this season.
the 28-year-old's agent has admitted a move to the premier league is a possibility. he said a move to the premier league would suit his client. but anelucci said the market would suggest a move to spain or england.
new indie music was first piped into the cabin during boarding and disembarking. many have taken to twitter to share their approval of the new playlists. features rockers such as the xx, Haim, Phantogram and Hozier.
the full back had a recent spat with his manager after he was dropped. but van der Wiel insists he's happy at the Ligue 1 club. he says he wants to sign a new contract with the french champions.
the 19-year-old is currently out with a knee injury. he is expected to return in the next few weeks. the midfielder is seen as a key member of the first team.
Kerry Hamilton, 34, had stomach cramps, bleeding and irregular periods for two years. she was finally diagnosed with leiomyosarcoma, a rare cancer of the soft tissue normally found in women over 50. at just 34, she was forced to undergo a hysterectomy and was devastated at the thought of not being able to have children. she now wants to raise awareness about rare cancers like leiomyosarcoma so that other women with seemingly 'everyday' symptoms
a month ago they were held to a goalless draw by blackburn in the fa cup. the reds' 3-4-2-1 formation helped produce a 13-match unbeaten run. but manager Brendan rodgers believes his side's recent defeats are down to their own failings rather than his tactics being susses.
the app was created by developers through Facebook's Creative Labs. it is available for free on iOS and android. each video has a counter that shows how many clips are attached. it also shows how many people have viewed the total project. individual clips can be reported for inappropriate content.
Xabi Alonso fell over during 'Rondo' training drill. he was left stretching for a pass with his team-mates watching on. the ball flies off in the opposite direction.
Samir Nasri dined out with girlfriend Anara Atanes in the capital on Tuesday. the pair dined at an award-winning restaurant offering modern cantonese cuisine. man city are willing to use Nasri and Edin Dzeko as bait in a deal to sign italian midfielder Paul Pogba.
ander Herrera says he bares his forename and surname for superstitious reasons. the 25-year-old joined the red devils for £29million last summer. he reached the Copa del Rey and the Europa League finals in his debut season at the club in 2011-12.
the 11-time All Star led his Cleveland Cavaliers to victory over the Chicago Bulls on Sunday. he brushed off rough treatment from the bulls by saying it's the sort of thing NBA stars should expect come this stage of the season. 'back at the dentist and I'm hearing a bunch of drilling going on behind me from my docs so I had to sit up like, "What the heck is going on back there?"' he wrote.
among the state of California's approximately 162,000 inmates, the most dangerous serve their time in Level IV maximum-security facilities. it is estimated as much as 97 per cent are gang affiliated. for those who choose to leave the criminal families behind, the California Department of Corrections offers a chance at a different way of living on the inside.
college student spotted the car on the streets of mississauga, canada, last autumn. he followed it in his own vehicle, parked his car and jumped out to take the snap. he then uploaded the picture to his Instagram account with the hashtag 'dontyouwishyouhadmylife' - and it has now been shared almost 2.9million times.
the 38-year-old injured his left hand while operating a chainsaw on tuesday. it is the second time in less than two months that he has injured that part of his body. he has found the net just once in all competitions for the north london outfit.
England bowled out for 379 on the second day of their opening two-day tour match. they then declared with both Alastair Cook and Ian Bell retiring out. the match was drawn, just about, and it should have been quartered.
the gunners defeated the reds 4-1 at the emirates on saturday. the defeat leaves the club seven points off the top four. defenders welbeck and enrique both attended the concert on monday.
defender Marcos Rojo went away during a week off for his club side. fitness instructor Sarah Watson claims he tried to frame her for blackmail. the 34-year-old's identity in the case was originally held back as a 'Premier League footballer'
Jack Wilshere played 90 minutes in arsenal's 4-1 win over Stoke city. the midfielder has been out of action since he injured his ankle in the loss to manchester united back in November. he has set his sights on the FA Cup semi-final with Reading and the premier league clash with manchester united.
former manchester united captain has denied committing a public order offence. he is said to have behaved aggressively towards cabbie Fateh Kerar, 44. he did not attend a brief hearing at Trafford Magistrates' Court on Wednesday. but a not guilty plea was entered on his behalf meaning he will now stand trial.
rodgers set his side the objective of winning a trophy and finishing inside the top four of the premier league. the reds host blackburn at the ewood park on wednesday night. rodgers' side have lost ground in the race for the champions league places.
Cristiano Ronaldo scored five as Real Madrid thrashed Granada 9-1. the portuguese star is one of the fittest athletes in the world. he took to twitter to share his celebrations with his many followers.
south Korean defender allegedly stamped on the face of his fallen opponent. videos of the incident have gone viral in japan's japanese football league. claims have been made that the 23-year-old deliberately committed the foul. but the defender only received a yellow card and was allowed to play on.
aston villa drew 3-3 with queens park rangers at villa park on saturday. Christian Benteke scored a stunning hat-trick to save a point for the hosts. manager Tim Sherwood said that the striker can fire villa to safety.
Cesc Fabregas took to Instagram to show off the shiner he picked up from Charlie Adam. the spaniard was caught by a flailing arm following a tussle with Adam. the collision left the former arsenal and barcelona ace with a bloody nose.
two-time grand national winner appears to jump over moving car. two-time national winner will ride ballycasey in the race at Aintree. bookmaker claims he jumped straight over the car, which was travelling at 40mph.
mabbutt, 53, was rushed to hospital after waking up at 1am to find his leg had gone cold back in 2013. his diabetes had led to a clogged artery in the limb and doctors warned him it was 'touch and go' on whether it would have to be amputated. he was treated at King's College hospital in south east london, undergoing an emergency five-hour operation. surgeons were required to replace the main artery in his left leg
queens park rangers beat queens park rangers 1-0 at villa park. winger Matt Phillips headed the home side into a seventh-minute lead. but winger Christian Benteke equalised for the hosts after 33 minutes.
the 36-year-old has played just five times since the start of the season. he has been suspended, benched or out of the squad altogether. defender has made 700 professional club appearances. he has won six premier league titles, the FA Cup and the champions league.
didier drogba was spotted talking on his mobile phone in the capital. the 37-year-old has scored six goals in 34 appearances this term. he replaced Diego Costa in the second half of Chelsea's 2-1 win over Stoke.
crystal palace beat manchester city 2-1 at the emirates on sunday. co-chairman Steve Parish posed for a picture after the game. he described a 'great moment' as he basked in the glory.
QPR drew 3-3 with aston villa at villa park on tuesday night. winger matt Phillips now has seven assists in 2015 - the second highest tally in Europe's top five leagues. only Barcelona's Lionel Messi has made more assists (eight) this year.
the midfielder came through the 4-1 win over Stoke City unscathed. he was joined by Mikel Arteta and abou Diaby recovering from ankle and calf injuries respectively. Alex Iwobi stole the show with a hat-trick for arsenal at the Emirates.
Franck Ribery says his relationship with Louis van gaal was 'poisoned' at Bayern. the winger claims van gaal lost the players' trust while he considered a move away from the club. van gaal won the league and cup double in his first season at the club.
arsenal were in fine form at the start of the 2013/14 season. but they still finished fourth in the premier league after a poor run of form. they beat liverpool 4-1 on saturday but still have exactly the same record. the north London side have 63 points from 31 games this season.
aston villa drew 3-3 with fellow relegation strugglers QPR at villa park on tuesday night. the hosts went behind twice before Christian Benteke scored a hat-trick. former tottenham boss was pictured bawling at the linesman and launching his jacket to the ground.
103 tour professionals anonymously answered questions on a wide range of topics, including which player they would not help in a fight in the car park. the reigning champion got double the number of responses (22.6 per cent) of second-place finisher Patrick Reed (11 per cent), with Rory Sabbatini third and Robert Allenby fourth.
sherwood and Ramsey went head-to-head at villa park on tuesday night. it felt like a sliding-doors moment that directed their paths. sherwood and Ramsey's relationship was forged over four years at Tottenham.
Leeds have sent full back Zak hardaker on an anger management course. the 22-year-old student was left with two black eyes and bruising during a violent incident at student flats in february. hardaker received a five-match ban and a fine for a homophobic comment made last year.
McLaren and new power-unit supplier Honda made significant progress a fortnight later in Malaysia. both Button and team-mate Fernando Alonso retired during the race at the Sepang International Circuit. but the duo at least discovered the car was competitive alongside other midfield runners.
Christian Benteke scored a hat-trick to rescue a point for villa against QPR. goals from Clint Hill and Charlie Austin turned the game on its head. aston villa are now 16th in the premier league table.
Carlos Colina, 32, is being held on $1 million bail after pleading not guilty to aggravated assault and battery and improper disposal of a human body. the remains of Jonathan camilien, 26, including a torso and limbs, were found in a duffel bag near the campus of Massachusetts institute of technology on saturday morning. his head was found in Colina's apartment building across the street. now police reports and witness accounts show he had intimidated fellow gym users and even
liverpool face blackburn in the fa cup third round on tuesday night. reds lost 6-2 to blackburn in the quarter-final at wembley. the trophy is the club's last chance of silverware after a disappointing season.
arsenal are considering a move for midfielder Jack Wilshere this summer. the 23-year-old has been linked with a move to the premier league. he would follow the likes of Emmanuel Adebayor, Bacary Sagna and Samir Nasri.
city travel to old trafford to face united in the premier league on sunday. city fans will not pine for the days when Martin Edwards, son of a butcher, ruled the roost at the club. there will not be many city supporters who look back fondly on the chaotic era of hometown former TV salesman and combover king Peter Swales.
Youssouf Mulumbu has cast his vote for the PFA player of the year awards. the west brom midfielder has chosen Harry Kane for the top prize. Eden Hazard is Mulumbu's pick for young player of the year.
the image was taken at Sebastian Inlet State Park near vero beach.
rumoured images of the club's home, away and third strips have leaked online. images suggest that united's away kit will be white with the third strip black. adidas have designed the club's kits from 1980-92.
Monaco midfielder geoffrey kondogbia is a target for liverpool. the 22-year-old has made over 100 league appearances for Monaco, Sevilla and Lens. he scored the first goal against arsenal in the champions league last-16.
english cricket has'repeatedly lost touch with the basic idea that the national team belongs to us all', says editor Lawrence Booth in the 152nd edition of the fabled Almanack. 'a few wins might have deflected attention from a charge sheet that would include the mishandling of the Kevin Pietersen affair'
the 22-year-old posted a screengrab of a text message conversation on his Instagram account. his mother thanked him for wiping 'all my debt away for the first time ever in my life' his apparent act of generosity drew over 2,000 'likes' and lots of praise from his followers.
louis van gaal and his players have turned down offers from Asia and Australia. the trip will last in the region of 12 days – a whole week shorter than last summer. the club have agreed once again to rake part in the international champions cup.
england bowler was bowling just three balls of his first over of the day. he complained about the state of the crease, which was damp after overnight rain. from the very next delivery he slipped and went crashing to the ground. he was able to walk off himself and after ice treatment should return to action.
Christian Benteke scored a hat-trick as aston villa drew 3-3 with QPR. it moved Belgium above France (46 goals) and within 19 of second-placed Spain (67. a total of 255 goals have been scored by 81 different english players.
pep guardiola has a contract which expires in the summer of 2016. the former barcelona boss has been linked with a move to manchester city. but board member Jan-Christian Dreesen believes money will not play a major part in his contract discussions with the german champions.
everton captain Phil Jagielka took part in a cookery lesson to celebrate the sacred festival of Songkran. the toffees have been sponsored by Thai beverage Chang Beer for over 11 years. jagielka scored the winner against Southampton on saturday.
FC Chernomorets Odessa are struggling financially due to a lack of funding and sponsorship. the club are offering their players luxury houses by the sea in exchange for wages. the consequences of their monetary plight have forced the club to sell their best players.
van Persie has missed united's last six games with an ankle injury. the striker has scored just 10 goals this term. but he is unlikely to start the game against city at old trafford.
ander Herrera scored a brace as manchester united beat aston villa 3-1. the win lifted united above bitter rivals city to third in the table. the pair are set to clash in the derby at old trafford on sunday.
Cesc Fabregas will wear a special protective face mask for Chelsea. the spaniard broke his nose during the win over Stoke on saturday. the mask, branded with his initial and squad number 'C4, was made by the Ortholabsport, an orthopedic centre in Milan.
lazio defeated aston villa 1-0 in the first leg of the coppa italia semi-final. holders Napoli went into the match as favourites but were knocked out. sub substitute Senad Lulic scored a late winner to send them into the final.
Cristiano Ronaldo opened the scoring for real madrid in the 68th minute against Rayo Vallecano. the portuguese forward netted in the 68th minute to move the spanish giants within four points of their great rivals. he became the third player in the club's history to reach the landmark alongside Alfredo Di Stefano and Raul.
Manchester city beat Leicester City 1-0 at wembley in 1969. the goalkeeper played 181 games in nine years at Maine Road. he joined the club as an amateur at the age of 20 in 1958.
Newcastle fans are planning to boycott the club's next home game against Tottenham. a social media campaign has been launched for the match on sunday. fans who don't want to turn their backs on the players will be encouraged to take part in demonstrations.
players including Vincent Kompany and Gael Clichy helped youngsters add the finishing touches to the design. the 64metre mural has been inspired by young city fans around the world to reflect the positive influence that the game has brought to their lives. artists groups outhouse used pictures to design the huge mural, which took almost four weeks to complete.
blackburn were trailing 1-0 following Philippe Coutinho's 70th-minute strike. blackburn goalkeeper Simon Eastwood almost scored a last-gasp equaliser. 'it was an unbelievable turn from him... a last roll of the dice,' says blackburn boss.
steven gerrard was suspended for the quarter-final replay against blackburn. he was sent off for a stamp on manchester united's ander Herrera. but he could feature in the final on his 35th birthday.
pensioner will stand trial for allegedly making a racist gesture at a football match. three black players are expected to give evidence at the trial. goult, 72, was granted unconditional bail and the case will return to the magistrates' court in June.
restaurant owner attacked by would-be rapist in eastern province of Shandong. she let him in when he knocked on door and asked to use the toilet. woman used her martial arts skills to overpower him and pin him to ground. she then fled but he tried to attack her again - only for him to escape unharmed.
downton has been sacked as managing director of ECB. he took the huge call to sack Kevin Pietersen and then re-appointed Peter Moores. downton also oversaw the sacking of alastair cook as one-day captain.
the 75-year-old is one of five men to complete the career grand slam. he is the youngest person to wear a green jacket in 1963. he is one of five men to complete the career grand slam.
Philippe Coutinho scored the only goal of the game as liverpool beat blackburn 1-0. the result sets up a wembley clash with aston villa on sunday. it has been a dramatic 24 hours for captain Jordan Henderson. his partner beccy gave birth to their second daughter, alba.
blackburn came close to levelling matters when goalkeeper Simon Eastwood was denied in stoppage time. Philippe Coutinho eventually broke the deadlock after 161 goalless minutes across the two games. he kept Raheem Sterling quieter than most full backs in the premier league would.
suarez scored 31 goals in the premier league for the reds last season. the striker has also impressed with his boundless energy. but there hasn't been anywhere near the consistency of 12 months ago.
Mamadou Sakho limped off early on in Liverpool's 1-0 FA Cup sixth round replay win over blackburn Rovers. the french defender was limping heavily and clutching his hamstring after a clearance on the edge of his own penalty area. he was replaced by Kolo Toure who partnered Dejan Lovren in a threadbare four-man defence with Emre Can and Martin Skrtel already unavailable.
hector bellerin scored in arsenal's 4-1 win over liverpool last weekend. he has emerged as a star player after filling in for mathieu debuchy. but his status as a sprinter is most in question after beating theo walcott's 40 metre club sprint record last summer.
Cristiano Ronaldo appeared to be unfairly cautioned by referee Mario Melero Lopez after he was chopped down by defender Antonio Amaya. the decision means Ronaldo could be suspended for the game against Eibar in La Liga on Saturday. real madrid boss Carlo Ancelotti wants the yellow card shown to his star forward rescinded.
Thiago Alcantara scored the winning penalty in the shootout against bayer leverkusen. the spaniard challenged for the ball but followed through with a kick into the chest of leverkusen's Stefan Kiessling. the match was deadlocked at 0-0 at the end of extra time at the end of extra time.
the 100 tonne crane barge is being used to lift shopping trolleys and even cars that have been dumped at the bottom of the river. the canal and river trust in bath, who are carrying out the dredging operation, have so far removed 150 trolleys from the river bed. divers had already located and harnessed the dumped items before the barge was used lift to the obstructions.
Celtic beat Partick Thistle 2-0 at parkhead in the scottish premiership. a Kris Commons penalty gave the hosts a 1-0 lead before the break. thistle midfielder James Craigen was shown a straight red card by referee Willie Collum for a 'last man' challenge on Stuart Armstrong.
two college students have been charged in connection to an alleged rape on a florida beach during spring break. Delonte' Martistee, 22, of Georgia and Ryan Austin Calhoun, 23, of Alabama were charged on friday with sexual battery by multiple perpetrators. the alleged victim told deputies she thought she had been drugged before the incident and that she was afraid to report it because she could not remember many details. authorities are still searching for two additional suspects in the case.
Nina Moric, 38, appeared in the video for Ricky Martin's hit song la Vida loco. italian media claimed she tried to take her own life and was found by her mother. but the model told her fans she was 'well' and had no intention of ending her life. she said: 'luckily I'm fine now nothing serious I need only a bit of rest'
the tiger was chasing what was sure to be dinner when it slipped on the icy surface and lost its footing. the tiger flew directly upwards forcing the bird to try and stop dead in its tracks. hilarious moment took place at the Hengdaohezi Siberian Tiger Park in northeast china.
layton Ndukwu gave the home side the lead with 20 minutes to go. but a late goal from Isaac Buckley and Brandon Barker sealed victory. city will now face a final at the city football academy stadium.
capello insists defender should never have been stripped of his captaincy. italian was in charge of the national side when Terry was accused of racially abusing Anton Ferdinand, the brother of then-teammate Rio, during a match against QPR in 2011. capello resigned as England manager in February 2012 just two days after publicly criticising the FA's decision.
the storm prediction center upgraded its advisory level to a moderate risk. it stressed that a significant tornado or two could form in a narrow stretch from northern Oklahoma to central Missouri. fewer than 1 million people were in Wednesday's'moderate risk' area between Wichita, Kansas, and Jefferson City, Missouri. emergency managers in Kansas and Illinois huddled separately to address the approaching storms.
burnell 'bernie' Mitchell has been held on suspicion of conspiracy to murder. 61-year-old has also been arrested on suspicion of preparing and instigating acts of terrorism. a 36-year-old man has been charged with his shooting. a woman, 53, was arrested this in Brent on suspicion of terrorism offences.
the 20-year-old is the first university student to be picked by the US side in at least two decades. he pounced on a ball that ricocheted off defender Mario Osuna in the 49th minute and beat goalkeeper Cirilo Saucedo from close range. it was his third international goal and first since march 2011.
former boxer's former trainer has been charged with sexual assault. the 59-year-old helped prepare him for his comeback fight against Vyacheslav Senchenko in November 2012. the former two-weight world champion lost and promptly retired.
alain Robert climbed the 75-storey tower in the united arab emirates without a safety harness. the 52-year-old free-climber has previously been arrested, imprisoned and banned from locations across the world for illegal ascent.
new book reveals a series of other blazes at businesses owned by or associated with Stafford Heginbotham, the club's chairman at the time of the tragedy in 1985. official inquiry into the blaze, led by Mr Justice Oliver Popplewell, concluded that the fire was an accident, probably caused by a spectator dropping a cigarette into rubbish.
a bird pooed in the left back's mouth during a match against Swansea. united players hung a fake bird above his peg as a joke, says Luke Shaw. the left back admits he picks up tips from goalkeeper David de Gea.
shooter opened fire on elite police unit that stormed house at 8am this morning. he shot at officers who raided the home in the north-eastern city of Zaragoza. daughter's boyfriend was shot twice in the shoulder with a shotgun. the 50-year-old is in a serious condition at hospital clinico in the city.
andre Ayew is out of contract at Marseille and is keen on a move to liverpool. the 25-year-old admits he supported the club as a boy and would like to play in the premier league. the Ghana international admits he is looking for a new challenge and is ready to test himself in the premier league.
a grinning Ri Sol-Ju was pictured clapping next to her smiling husband. the couple were watching a men's football match at a stadium on monday. the match was part of a lavish series of events celebrating the 103rd birthday of Kim Il-Sung, the young leader's grandfather.
jurgen Klopp will leave the Westfalenstadion at the end of the season. defender mats Hummels has been linked with a move to manchester united. midfielder Ilkay Gundogan has also been linked with a move to the premier league.
framed photographs of title-chasing team found in a skip outside the stadium. the pictures were removed from corporate boxes inside the stadium. the club said the images were 'old and not being used anymore'
the team normally plays only three or four times a season. it is managed by former barnet boss Paul Fairclough. fairclough selects non-league players aged 23 and under.
the banyan tree in Guangxi province does not stand on a single trunk, but a whole web of roots. locals say they have watched the whole thing sway in the wind due to its flimsy structure.
Mohamed Yattara opened the scoring in the 77th minute at the Stade de Gerland. Ligue 1 top scorer Alexandre Lacazette took his tally to 25 eight minutes later. the win moves Lyon up to 64 points from 32 games this season.
rodent found inside packaging of sliced white bread by shopper. he tweeted company a picture of the rodent crawling around. he said it was the last time he would shop at the supermarket.
Joss Labadie has been banned for six months for biting Ronnie Henry. the 24-year-old was last month charged with violent conduct by the FA. labadie was banned for 10 matches and fined £2,000 for biting.
Suma, a 36-year-old orangutan, was first diagnosed with arthritis in 2013. she was initially given daily pain medication to help relieve the pain. but on a health check-up on tuesday, surgeons anaesthetised her. they gave her a steroid injection which will reduce her pain for months.
the panel of eight medical professionals will advise the FA on what can be done to make the game safer. head injuries have been under greater scrutiny since Hugo Lloris refused to be substituted following a clash with Romelu Lukaku in 2013. recently, the Jeff Astle Foundation has been raising awareness of the danger of long-term head injuries from playing football.
the 27-year-old has been placed on a 16-week restriction of liberty order. he will miss two forthcoming games against former club Celtic because he is under house arrest. the dark blues face Ronny deila's night next Wednesday night.
Bristol City beat Bradford City 6-0 at Valley Parade on tuesday night. they are the first team in the football league to mathematically secure promotion from league one. defender aden Flint has scored 11 goals this season. the 25-year-old was on target at wembley and also at valley parade.
'i've never seen a relationship like the one between Luis [Suarez], Neymar and Leo [Messi],' says defender. 'they get on superbly. there's no hint of jealousy and that shows on the pitch,' says defender.
police have released photos of 13 people they are trying to track down. a touch judge suffered a broken shoulder when he slipped at ANZ Stadium in Sydney as he tried to dodge bottles being thrown by angry Canterbury fans. referees had penalised Bulldogs captain James Graham in the final minute of the game. a section of the crowd started hurling plastic water bottles and abuse at them.
former liverpool defender Daniel Agger is to be investigated by the country's FA after allegedly elbowing FC Copenhagen's Mattias Jorgensen. the incident in the goalless draw was not seen by match officials.
benefits cheat was caught on film putting up goalposts at his local club. 58-year-old claimed he could barely walk and needed crutches to get around. but he was filmed looking sprightly as he put up spectator barriers. blackpool magistrates heard he was claiming £3,500 in disability benefits.
schizophrenic lavall hall, 25, was fatally shot outside his home on february 15. footage shows shell cases flying as a police officer shouts 'get on the f****** ground or you're dead' on the footage. hall's family have filed a wrongful death lawsuit against the city of Miami Gardens and the two police officers, Peter Ehrlich and Eddo Trimino.
model Kate Upton has revealed that photographer Terry Richardson released footage of her dancing in a bikini without her permission. in a new interview with Vogue, it was claimed that she was not happy with Terry for releasing the 'Cat Daddy' footage. the one-minute-long film has been viewed more than 22 million times.
van Persie's son scored with a'scorpion kick' in his back garden. the seven-year-old has trained with both clubs and starred in a BT Sport advert. van persie will reportedly be offered £5million to leave the club this summer.
the reigning world champion has become mired in paperwork. the 30-year-old claims his new deal with Mercedes is '99.6% done'. but the fine print of the terms and conditions means 'it is unlikely' the contract will be signed ahead of this weekend's Chinese grand prix.
YouTube user serpentor filmed his feline friend in action. footage shows the tabby producing gurgling noises as she is petted. when her back is rubbed, she lets out a string of gobbledygook sounds.
magnitude 3.1 earthquake caused'sharp jolt' to be felt north of los angeles. epicentre of quake was around four miles north of San Fernando. no reported damage or injuries and police and fire departments say there were no problems reported.
Adlene Guedioura and Matej Vydra score as watford beat millwall 2-0. millwall had an early penalty shout turned down by keeper David Forde.
Quinn Patrick was on a fishing trip with his dad at Snow Lake, Indiana. the pair caught a bowfin, videoed lying lifeless on a concrete dock. when suddenly the Bowfin propels itself from the ground and slaps the youngster straight in the face with its large tail.
the Curl-crested Jay is native to South America and is known to be a good mimic of other birds and man-made sounds. videoed behind a fence, the bird initially makes a sinister noise like a distorted voice before creating an almost digital sound.
Jimmy Anderson is three wickets away from breaking Sir Ian Botham's record. he is the most prolific bowler in the history of the england batsmen. but west indies made him wait on an attritional day in antigua.
the 22-year-old broke his leg during a goalless draw with huddersfield. he was carried off on a stretcher in the 80th minute at the amex stadium. he has been in impressive form since sealing a move to the south coast.
defender Jason denayer is wanted back by city for a pre-season assessment. the 19-year-old is keen to pursue a first-team breakthrough after making his international debut for Belgium last month. defender remains non-committal on the prospect of an extended loan deal.
an eBay user posted what appeared to be laminated badge featuring a photo of Aaron Hernandez and identifying information about the 25-year-old. the listing was deleted on Saturday and had zero bids. Hernandez is currently in prison during his trial for the the June 2013 shooting death of Odin Lloyd, who was dating his fiancée's sister.
mats Hummels has been linked with a move to manchester united. the 26-year-old admits he is considering his future at the club. the german defender has two years left on his contract.
'in many small moments Bayern were better, so they deserved to win,' says Klopp. 'Bayern were not the better team, I can only remember two chances. we had not much more, but a bit more'.
a professor invited her 11-year-old autistic son to one of her classes. during which he got up on a chair and drew the world map from memory. a student took the photos and her father posted them on reddit.
Borussia Dortmund beat Hoffenheim 3-2 in the german cup quarter-finals. a long-distance volley in extra time gave the hosts a 3-2 victory. a second-half penalty was converted to allow Wolfsburg to advance 1-0.
jose mourinho's side beat queens park rangers 1-0 in the west london derby. the match took place at loftus road, where the skipper racially abused then-qpr defender Anton Ferdinand in 2011. a cacophony of boos rang out around the ground as he touched the ball in the opening minute.
chelsea travel to loftus road for their 700th game under roman abramovich. the blues have won three premier leagues, four FA Cups, three League Cups, one Europa League and one Champions League since 2004. if the first 699 games under Russian rule has established Chelsea at the top of english and european football, Mourinho believes the next 700 will see them supply more players for the english national team.
the final 18 seconds of the Elite Round group 4 qualifier will be replayed after a refereeing mistake. referee Marija Kurtes ordered the penalty to be retaken in the 96th minute at 2-1 down. if the penalty is scored and the match is drawn 2-2, the young lionesses will qualify for the european championships.
the storm system, which stretches from Texas up to the Great Lakes and down to North Carolina, has the potential to be the biggest severe weather event so far this spring. tornadoes were reported on Wednesday and early Thursday in Kansas, Missouri and Oklahoma, but those areas saw minimal damage. hail of up to 4 inches in diameter smashed buildings and cars and high winds tore off roofs and downed trees, as wild weather hit 12 states.
a new episode of mockumentary shows bosses holding an emergency meeting. episode was apparently filmed last July, but narration has been tweaked.
images show the dictator smiling and waving to the crowds, with his right-hand wrist wrapped up in a white bandage. the 32-year-old was inspecting a weapons factory in the country's capital of Pyongyang. doctors say it is unlikely that he has fractured his wrist.
louis van gaal's side host premier league leaders Chelsea on saturday. united have beaten Tottenham, Liverpool and manchester city in recent weeks. but manager's current form means they can beat anyone.
the first year students at Washington university were rowing at creve coeur lake in Missouri when the giant Asian carp decided to strike. filmmaker Benjamin Rosenbaum captured the rowing under a bridge as he walked up the dock to greet them.
the woman known only as Goska spent some time volunteering at Criadouro Onça Pintada in Brazil. she has mixed with a number of exotic animals while there. one-year-old rescued jaguar, perseu, was captured on video being bottle-fed by the Polish volunteer.
Siem de Jong played 45 minutes for the under 21s on his comeback from a collapsed lung. the 26-year-old has made just one premier league start since his £6million arrival from ajax last summer. de Jong tore his thigh muscle in September and suffered a collapsed lung in february.
a staffer 'accidentally tweeted a link from her personal phone' with a link to Google Image results for 'Susan Del Percio Hot' the tweet included a series of random characters followed by a search for images of the strategist, who has previously worked with former mayor Rudy Giuliani.
the 25-year-old midfielder says the club deserve more than it is getting. he was one of the only players who deserves credit this season. 'the character is there in the team, even though we didn’t show it last week (at sunderland),' he says.
Graeme McDowell carded a final round of 73 on sunday to finish six over par. he is now a combined 24 over for his eight appearances in the year's first major championship. 'it would be sacrilege not to play here no matter how much it frustrates you,' he said.
Niall Horan fell while caddying for Rory McIlroy at the Masters. the one direction singer also hit a ball into the water on the ninth tee. the pair will reunite on stage at the end of the summer.
Yan Tai weighed just over seven stone when she began dating you pan. but two years on and the pretty 20-year-old has ballooned to 14 stone 2lbs. her six-and-a-half-stone weight gain was part of a plan to keep her by his side.
the two fighters fought for the first time in 12 rounds in new york. it was the first time the reigning champion had gone the distance. he fought for a lengthy period with a strained biceps muscle in his left arm.
the 32-year-old striker was introduced to the crowd at a wrestling event. he was booed by some when he walked out at the event in Newcastle. Defoe scored sunderland's winner against Newcastle on sunday.
moussa sissoko was sent off following a reckless challenge on Lucas Leiva. the incident happened during the 2-0 defeat at anfield on monday night. sissoko has been banned for two matches for the offence.
barcelona defeated almeria 4-0 in their la liga clash on tuesday. defender Martin Montoya scored a lofted pass from 30 yards 'downtown'. the ball sinks directly into a basketball ring on the other side of the training ground.
the 52-year-old has won league titles in all four countries he has managed. but he insists his problem is that he is not a hypocrite when he faces the media. the former real madrid boss was fined £25,000 earlier this season.
Kevin Pietersen posed for a team photo at the KIA Oval. the event comes before the start of the county championship season. the batsman looked in deep thought as he sat at the end of the front row.
the dual carriageway was shut for an hour after the pensioner drove a red Peugeot towards southend - but on the London-bound track. some cars were forced into the central barrier and one man needed treatment for neck and back injuries.
cristiano ronaldo is the current holder of the ballon d'or. arsene wenger said last year he was 'totally against' the award. but chelsea boss jose mourinho has sided with wenger.
Tiger Woods struggled to get under par on his first round at augusta. the world no 111 chipped like a champion and drove like a boy racer. woods was adamant he was 'dumbass' off the tee.
the gunners are in advanced talks with Velez Sarsfield over a £4.5million deal. the deal has been held up by red-tape over the make-up of the player's ownership rights. the 16-year-old has been compared to Lionel Messi.
world no 1 recorded birdies on the 13th and 15th to card a one-under-par 71. the 25-year-old was four shots off the clubhouse lead of Justin Rose and Charley Hoffman. he has recorded a score of 77 or worse on each of his past five appearances.
'when we beat united in the champions league in 2004 I got that beautiful face of a manager which I try to have myself,' he said. 'the first face was the competitor, the man that tried everything to win. and after that I found the man with principles, with the respect for the opponent, with the fair play,' he said. he also had many spats with arsenal boss arsene wenger.
Rickie Fowler has been dating bikini model Alexis Randock since 2014. the 24-year-old caddied for him during the opening round of the Masters. golfer was forced to defend the 24-year-old last week after she was accused of being a gold digger.
the day after the reds secured an FA Cup semi-final berth. the night before Philippe Coutinho's 70th-minute strike saw the reds through to the last four in their final chance for silverware for the season.
former captain has held talks with new ECB chief executive. he is in pole position to become the new director of cricket. if confirmed he will command overall responsibility for coaching and selection.
snooker's governing body had been criticised for allowing the 29-year-old a wild card to compete alongside 127 male players for the right to play in the sport's blue-chip qualifying tournament. doherty, who won the world championship title back in 1997, took out the first frame 71-15. 'i don't know how I won that final frame. if it had gone to 9-9, I'd have been a million-to-one to win it
teenager took to social media after welbeck scored winner for arsenal. vile tweet read: 'welbeck is dead to me, the f****** c***...' after complaint. police identified the user and passed on information to Wiltshire police.
leah Williamson stepped up again to take a penalty against Norway. the 18-second replay was supposed to last for 18 seconds. but a german referee blunder ordered the game to be replayed. UEFA chiefs ruled the game should be replayed.
city go into the derby at old trafford fourth in the premier league. they are nine points behind leaders chelsea after a 2-1 defeat at crystal palace. but striker Sergio Aguero insists they can still retain the title.
former world no 1 amelie mauresmo is expecting her baby in august. the 35-year-old broke the news on social media on tuesday night. she will be heavily pregnant as she guides Murray through Wimbledon.
world boxing champion Kell Brook watched the premier league come to his home town of Sheffield on Thursday. the 28-year-old received a hero's ovation when he was introduced to the crowd at the motorpoint arena. he watched on as Dave Chisnall won both of his games in week 10 to move onto 17 points in second place.
aljaz bedene defeated fellow qualifier Arthur De Greef 6-2, 6-3. the 25-year-old will now face third seed Jiri Vesely in the quarter-finals.
arsenal are trying to find a cure for Alex Oxlade-Chamberlain's groin problems. the 21-year-old has been struggling with an ongoing groin problem. the root cause of the problem remains unclear, with club doctors trying to establish a permanent cure for the problem.
goalkeeper was embarrassed by a ball boy during a 3-3 draw with aston villa. the ball boy pretends to hand the former england stopper the ball back. he then rolls the ball between the 35-year-old's legs to embarrass him.
Jordan Spieth took the first-day honours with a stunning opening round of 64. the 21-year-old became the youngest first-round leader in Masters history. he now owns a three-shot lead going into day two at augusta.
the pair were dicing for 13th place when they hit the back of Maldonado's Lotus. the incident unfolded in front of Fernando Alonso who moved up two places. alonso was lapped by both Sebastian Vettel and Kimi Raikkonen.
the french rugby federation is looking for candidates to replace Philippe Saint-Andre. saint-andre has won just 15 of his 37 games in charge of les Bleus. he will remain in charge for the world cup from September 18 to October 31.
Nico Rosberg will start behind pole-sitter Lewis Hamilton in china. the german has now been out-qualified by Hamilton at each of the three races this season.
Leicester Tigers face Saracens at allianz park on saturday. they are separated by just two points and two places with four games left. the 22-game premiership campaign concludes on may 16.
Jason Gillespie has been appointed the new coach of Adelaide Strikers. the 39-year-old has been an influential figure at Headingley since 2011. he has signed a two-year deal with the south australian franchise.
winger has been out of action since january with shoulder injury. the 26-year-old is leaving to play in the Aviva Premiership with London Irish. head coach Gregor Townsend has confirmed he has played his last game.
Jimmy Anderson bowled just four overs on day two of the first test in antigua. he needed four wickets to overtake the great Sir Ian Botham's record of 383. but his pace attack colleague Chris Jordan believes the family celebration party is 'just around the corner'.
curtly ambrose gave an animated pep talk to west indies bowlers on day two. he looked to have roused his charges as they took five for 58 in the morning session. a close-fought battle yielded nine runs from 27 balls, including two boundaries.
Ben Stokes was denied the wicket of Jermaine Blackwood in antigua. the 23-year-old overstepped the line when he thought he had his 23rd test wicket. a similar error saw him denied his first test wicket against australia in 2013.
Karen Sharpe, the mother of North Charleston police officer Michael Slager, defended her son in an interview. this as she said she will never watch the video footage of the fatal shooting. this as she also expressed her sympathy for the family of the man her son shot dead, noting this event has caused them both to 'change forever' this as Slager is behind bars and has been fired from his job, though he has yet to enter a plea.
Jonathan Trott was out for a duck on his return to the test side. captain alastair cook was clean bowled by Kemar Roach for 11. captain geoff boycott was also critical of the pair.
everton drew 1-1 with swansea at the liberty stadium on saturday. defender seamus Coleman was fouled by home striker marvin emnes. manager roberto martin says he should have been given a free-kick.
the club announced record profits last month of £18.7m for the 2013/14 season. full accounts registered with Companies House on monday show that £38.6m was transferred into Newcastle's bank account as a cash-flow sum. the revelation has infuriated Newcastle fans who claim owner Mike Ashley has little ambition beyond remaining in the top flight.
the fa will wait for referee andre marriner's report before deciding whether to launch an investigation into crowd control. 'we don't want any objects thrown on the pitch,' says queens park rangers boss. 'if somebody throws a pound, put the pound in your pocket and go. If it's a chocolate, eat it. no problem,' insists jose mourinho.
Harry Panayiotou has won the barclays premier league player of the month award. the 20-year-old scored three goals for Leicester in march. he also netted a hat-trick in his third game for st kitts and nevis.
myles Hippolyte and Marius Zaliukas traded goals in 1-1 draw at Livingston. Rangers have only won once in their last five away games. the ibrox boss wants his side to put their stuttering away form behind them.
west brom are commemorating the launch of the Jeff Astle Foundation. the baggies are wearing a replica of their 1968 FA Cup winning kit. astle died of chronic traumatic encephalopathy in 2002 at the age of 59.
Diafra Sakho could be out for the rest of the season with a thigh injury. the 25-year-old came off after 58 minutes of westham's 1-1 draw with Stoke. he was sent for scans on monday amid fears he may have a minor tear.
qpr lost 1-0 to queens park rangers at loftus road on saturday. cesc Fabregas scored an 87th minute winner for jose mourinho's side. a series of impressive saves denied Charlie Austin and Matt Phillips.
Shane Ferguson has not played since his country's 2-0 european qualifier win over Greece in October. the 23-year-old's knee injury had been expected to keep him out for the season. defender Remie street went off injured after 44 minutes of his debut.
the Ibrox board last week launched a probe into claims Mike Ashley's firm had taken ownership of intellectual property, including the club's famous crests. the club have reassured fans that the club still owns trademarks and the badge.
Craig Dawson is set to return for west brom after serving a one-match ban. youssouf muumbu starts a three-game ban against barclays rivals Leicester. defender missed last weekend's 4-1 defeat to QPR.
the 23-year-old has been out injured since he joined the club in january. on-loan midfielder was sent north by the magpies in a five-man deal. but the club failed to carry out a medical when he was out with a knee injury.
the rest of the squad took part in a training session at the Valdebebas complex. there was no sign of the likes of Cristiano Ronaldo, Gareth Bale and James Rodriguez. pepe and Sami Khedira were on the bench during the session. real will face atletico in the second leg of the champions league on saturday.
arsene wenger says he hopes burnley escape relegation from the premier league. the gunners beat burnley 1-0 at turf moor on saturday. wenger has been praised by burnley boss Sean Dyche this season.
the 22-year-old has been one of the world's best goalkeepers in recent years. the Belgian keeper helped Chelsea to the league cup earlier in the season. he now wants to win the premier league with the blues.
petr cech has made just five premier league appearances this season. the 32-year-old would be a good fit under arsene wenger, says carlo cudicini. cech has revealed he does not want to spend another season as an understudy to Thibaut Courtois.
barcelona beat psg 3-1 in the first leg of the champions league quarter-final. a late strike from Neymar and a second-half brace from Luis suarez sealed victory. psg boss Laurent Blanc admitted his side were superior to his side 'in virtually every department'
today marks the 26th anniversary of the Hillsborough disaster. a memorial service will be held at anfield to remember the 96 who died. players and celebrities have paid their respects to the victims.
sunderland beat Newcastle 1-0 at the Stadium of Light on sunday. defender Jermain Defoe scored a stunning volley in the first-half. he is the first player to take part in the keepy up challenge. Defoe is unable to replicate the high score achieved with the tennis ball.
Wales beat Israel 3-0 in their euro 2016 qualifier in haifa on tuesday. they have now climbed 15 places to reach their highest ever ranking. they are inspired by real madrid's gareth bale.
Luke Shaw admits he has endured a 'frustrating' debut season at man united. the 19-year-old has only made 17 appearances for the red devils at present. defender says he doesn't know what he would do if he scored against boyhood club Chelsea on saturday.
Charlie Adam scored one of the most memorable goals in premier league history. the midfielder lobbed goalkeeper Thibaut Courtois from 66 yards on the stroke of half-time to level the scores at 1-1. but the 'incredible' goal would end up in the back of the net as Chelsea snatched a second-half winner.
Charlie Adam scored an incredible 66-yard goal against Chelsea. the strike gave goalkeeper Thibaut Courtois absolutely no chance. back in 2009, he scored a similar effort against Accrington Stanley.
Charlie Adam scored from inside his own half against Chelsea. Xabi alonso also scored from inside his own half in 2006.
Charlie Adam scored one of the goals of his career at stamford bridge. he scored from inside his own half against Wimbledon in 1996. the striker admitted he had mixed emotions after the goal.
jose mourinho insists he will stick by his players despite midfielders' decline. the blues beat Stoke 2-1 at the etihad stadium on saturday. mourinho insists he won't shuffle his squad so late in the season.
west Ham will have Ecuador forward Enner Valencia available again following a toe injury. defender James Tomkins has undergone shoulder surgery and hopes to be in contention again before the end of the season. striker Andy Carroll (knee) remains sidelined, along with canada defender Doneil Henry (hamstring)
laKenya Hall drove six children to fight another group of juveniles. one of the children was shot in the upper thigh at the second location. a 15-year-old was also booked for aggravated battery and illegal possession of a gun.
Robin van persie has declared himself fit for the derby against Manchester city. the 31-year-old has missed united's last six games with an ankle injury. van persie has scored 10 goals in 24 appearances and 1,993 minutes.
Mamadou Sakho will miss liverpool's trip to anfield with a hamstring injury. daryl Janmaat should be fit to take his place in the team despite an injury scare. papiss cisse sits out the fourth of his seven premier league matches.
Luis Suarez reveals he sneaked into the Nou Camp for a photo. the forward has been in fine form for the club since his £75million move. suarez spoke candidly about real madrid's interest in signing him.
mario balotelli was not included in the squad to face arsenal or blackburn this week. he was labelled 'pathetic' by former blackburn midfielder robbie Savage. the £16million striker posted a photo of himself holding a thermometer.
rodgers will admit he ignored the warning signs about the striker. but he had hoped he might be maturing as he got older. he made the mistake of thinking he could succeed where others had failed.
liverpool face aston villa in the last four of the premier league on saturday. the reds beat blackburn 1-0 in the quarter-final replay at wembley in 2012. but the midfielder missed all three games with a serious knee injury.
derry mathews was due to face richar Abril on April 18 in Liverpool. the 31-year-old may still fight for the title in his home city if the WBA strip Abril of his belt. mathews tweeted: 'in my eyes Abril doesn't fancy this fight'
Messi opened the scoring with a left-footed strike in the first half. suarez doubled the lead with a similar left-footed strike in the second half. bartra added a third with a headed goal on 75minutes.
defender is out of contract at the end of the season. he has been linked with a move to old trafford from barcelona. but he has been offered a two-year deal with an option of a third.
amir Khan believes Kell Brook has called him out for the 'one big payday'. the bolton-born boxer has agreed a fight with his opponent on may 30. but the undefeated 28-year-old insists he only wants the fight because of the money it will earn him.
Newcastle were beaten 1-0 by rivals sunderland at the stadium of light on sunday. head coach carver admits club need to look at character of their dressing-room this summer. 'we struggle when we have to compete. there aren't many Ws (wins) next to their names,' he said.
unai emery has guided his side to fifth in the La Liga table. the 43-year-old is often seen gesturing on the touchline during games. he has overseen a 'clear upwards trend' since taking over at the club.
alvarado has run only once this season, finishing fifth at Doncaster in February. the 10-year-old gelding has run only once this season. but trainer Fergal O'Brien says he is in better shape this time around.
the world no 1 has won all of his four majors after rain at augusta. if he wins the masters he will complete the career grand slam. but a wet course will play into his hands.
both teams took part in a minute silence before their match at Anfield. the fixture took place two days before the 26th anniversary of the disaster. flowers were laid at the club's Hillsborough memorial at Anfield.
porto face bayern munich in the champions league quarter-finals. porto are the only undefeated side in the competition so far. but former barcelona goalkeeper Julen Lopetegui says his side have room to improve.
models like Cindy Crawford, Yasmin Le Bon and Christie Brinkley became household names in the 80s and 90s. now their daughters are making their own names in the fashion world. the likes of Georgia Jagger, Amber Le Bon and Ella Richards have all walked for big name designers like Tommy Hilfiger and Chanel.
the 22-year-old is yet to make his La Liga debut for the catalan giants. ter Stegen joined the club from german outfit borussia monchengladbach in may. the goalkeeper has been reduced to champions league appearances.
Niall Horan caddied for Rory McIlroy in the traditional Par-3 Contest. the 21-year-old singer fell while carrying McIlroy's clubs around the course. the pair laughed it off as the northern Irishman shot a one-under-par round. Tiger Woods played the par-3 Contest for the first time in 11 years.
Eden Hazard, Thibaut Courtois, Kurt Zouma and Izzy Brown celebrated the start of the Thai new year with a game of kick-ups. the quartet were joined by club mascot Stamford the Lion. the songkran festival is celebrated by Thais with the tradition of throwing water at each other.
the final game of the championship season has been pushed back 24 hours. the move was designed to accommodate broadcasters. hibs and promotion rivals falkirk and queen of the south play on may 3.
the northern irishman will carry a member of one direction's one direction bag. fiancee Caroline wozniacki wore the caddie's famous white boiler suit. one direction released their debut album in 2011.
real madrid face ninth-placed Rayo Vallecano at the estadio de Vallecas on tuesday. gareth bale appears to have picked up a foot injury during a training session. the former england international is now a doubt according to his manager.
Tiger Woods is the 111th best golfer in the world. the 39-year-old has insisted he would not enter a tournament unless he thought he had a chance of winning it. the former best player was all smiles as he played a practice round ahead of his 20th appearance at augusta.
the 28-year-old was sent off in the opening moments of last year's grand final. he was the first player to be sent off in a grand final. flower has been urged to be 'a bit more aggressive and a bit stronger'.
three players have been diagnosed with the mosquito-borne disease. players have been forced to use insect repellent during practice sessions. health officials have asked clubs to check their training centres for mosquito breeding sites.
the Ligue 1 champions will be without the suspended Zlatan Ibrahimovic and Marco Verratti and the injured David Luiz. psg beat olympique de Marseille 3-2, thrashed saint-etienne 4-1 and won the league cup final 4-0 against bastia on saturday.
the 37-year-old has not played since the super league leaders' only defeat at Warrington a month ago. coach Brian McDermott says his injury has now been properly diagnosed. he had feared he could be out for three months if he needed a bicep operation.
the 31-year-old striker has 14 months left on his £250,000-a-week contract. united officials are willing to pay the remaining half of a £10m loyalty bonus. italian giants Juventus and inter Milan have both been linked with a summer move.
the world's first I'm A Celebrity themed maze opened on 27 march. it is inspired by the hit television show 'get me out of here!' the maze invites both young and old non-celebrities to climb through 'Pipe of Peril', crawly corridors and dark caves.
the reds moved within four points of the barclays premier league top four. goals from Raheem Sterling and Joe Allen secured three points. the defeat was Newcastle's fifth in succession.
'why bid farewell to football if you are playing well?' said the 37-year-old after his side beat Monaco 1-0 on tuesday. 'i will continue to keep playing as long as I am doing well, otherwise it would be a waste,' he said.
the 27-year-old will marry fiancée Kim Sears in his hometown of Dunblane. there are believed to be well over 100 people attending the event. 'there’ll be no celebrities as such, I don’t have any celebrity friends so it wasn’t something that was planned,' said Murray.
flower landed a sickening punch on hohaia in the super league grand final. the 27-year-old is coming to the end of a six-month ban for the attack. he promised that he is now a changed man after the incident.
canny YouTube user, MicahMedia, has uploaded a video demonstrating the simplest and swiftest way to peel a hard-boiled egg. he pops the egg into a glass before filling it quarter of the way with tap water. he then vigorously shakes the glass from left to right so that the shell loosens. after approximately ten seconds of shaking, he lifts the shell from the egg.
Southampton sit seventh in the premier league with 53 points from 31 outings. they have failed to score in five of their last nine league matches. manager Ronald Koeman wants his team to rediscover their scoring form.
Cristiano Ronaldo pulled off a selection of back-heels and fancy flicks during training on Monday. the world player of the year was wowing partner Karim Benzema and sending Luka Modric to the floor. real looked in good spirits after a successful weekend, cutting the gap to La Liga leaders Barcelona to just two points.
supporters are threatening to boycott the next home game against Spurs. supporters are protesting at Mike Ashley's running of the club. carver says he would walk away if the club's hierarchy had not given him assurances of serious summer investment.
chelsea face queens park rangers at the etihad stadium on sunday. the blues winger is set to make his 100th appearance in the premier league. he has scored 17 goals and added nine assists this season.
Cristiano Ronaldo has scored 300 goals for real madrid in just six years. the forward is just seven goals shy of Alfredo di Stefano's club record. Ronaldo has scored 206 goals with his right foot, 52 with his left.
crystal palace host sunderland in the premier league on saturday. the eagles beat champions city 2-1 in the premier league on monday. pardew was the first Newcastle boss to suffer four successive defeats.
mark selby beats fellow englishman Elliot Slessor in second round. england's selby had a break of 126 in frame four of their second-round clash. ding had two breaks of 86 in a convincing 5-1 victory against mark Davis.
former rugby star and husband of Zara Phillips bought horse for £12,000 at auction. after £105,500 payday he tweeted ‘Holy s***, I’m lost for words and emotions’. after he bought the horse, Zara called him an idiot, but she was there with him cheering horse home. many clouds ridden by Irish jockey leighton aspell came out on top.
the current 100m x 66m pitch at the Britannia Stadium is the joint smallest in the premier league - along with the loftus road and white hart lane. the premier league wish to standardise pitch sizes at 105m x 68m. ten clubs currently meet the regulation size.
manchester united face rivals city at old trafford on sunday afternoon. louis van gaal's side are four points clear at the top of the premier league. striker Robin van Persie could return to action after being declared fit.
Jose Mourinho has won 21 major trophies during his 15-year career. he has coached a whole host of world class players during his career. here, sportsmail picks his best ever xi.
richie Benaud has died at the age of 84 surrounded by his wife and family. he had been receiving radiation treatment for skin cancer since november. the broadcaster passed away peacefully in his sleep overnight. a veteran of 63 Test matches, he played a key role in the formation of world series cricket in the 1970s.
midfielder Charlie Colckett gave the hosts the lead with a deflected shot. striker Dominic Solanke then scored a brace before substitute Tammy Abraham wrapped up the win with a tap in on 83 minutes. Chelsea will now face Shakhtar Donetsk's U19s team in the final.
the 24-year-old has channeled her passion for fashion into a new adidas range. she has taken the brand's classics and put her own bold spin on them. the range is emblazoned with graphic dragon prints and lands on may 1.
the 25-year-old is establishing himself as one of the best defenders in the country. smalling posted a photo of himself and girlfriend on his newly opened twitter. his team-mate Adnan Januzaj has also joined the social networking site.
college basketball player Lauren hill died on friday morning after a brave battle with a rare form of brain cancer. the 19-year-old was diagnosed with a rare form of brain cancer shortly after her 18th birthday. she played four games with her team at Mount St. Joseph university in Cincinnati and raised more than $1.5 million for research into the cancer. earlier this year, she became an honorary coach and moved to Cincinnati Children's Hospital, where she passed away.
Jonathan Trott is set to make his 50th Test appearance for England against the west indies on monday. 'i didn't know if i'd be able to come back here and I didn't know if i was going to be selected but I had to get my head down and push my case forward,' he said. 'this is just the start of something I want to keep doing and earn my place back,' he added.
winger Ross McCormack opened the scoring for the hosts with a curling effort. winger matt Smith doubled the hosts' lead with a stunning free-kick. winger jermaine Pennant scored a stunning free-kick to level the scores.
arsenal travel to burnley in the premier league on saturday. arsene wenger has challenged his squad to focus on the next game. the gunners are currently seven points behind leaders chelsea.
a video from the office of transportation shows characters in'safety suits' talking to residents about the dangers of not looking up from one's phone. 37 pedestrians died from being hit by cars last year. the campaign is aimed at 18 to 25-year-olds who are most likely to be hit by cars while on their phones.
manuel pellegrini says he does not fear for his job despite his poor form. the 29-year-old is expected to be assessed on saturday. he played 90 minutes in city's 2-1 defeat to crystal palace on monday.
ex-qpr boss claims 'people with their own agendas' had a hand in his resignation. the 68-year-old blamed knee problems for his decision to quit in february. former west ham boss was aware of constant talk of replacement.
qpr host premier league leaders chelsea at loftus road on saturday. jose mourinho's side were beaten 1-0 by jose mourinho's side in 2011. jose mourinho was banned for four games and fined £220,000.
Gareth Bale will be rested for the game at the Bernabeu on Saturday. the winger joins suspended midfielders Toni Kroos and James Rodriguez on the sidelines. asier Illarramendi and asier Isco will probably play alongside Luka Modric in midfield.
arsenal players have revealed their ultimate pre-game playlist. the gunners travel to burnley in the premier league on saturday. the gunners have won 10 out of their last 11 games.
the blues captain revealed his PFA Player and Team of the Year picks on Instagram. Philippe Coutinho is named as the player of the year and Harry Kane as his young player of the year. the 21-year-old has scored 19 league goals for spurs this season.
Diego Costa injured his hamstring in 2-1 win over Stoke on saturday. the spaniard has been ruled out for up to four weeks with the injury. the 26-year-old has a history of hamstring problems.
jose mourinho's side have been top of the table for 230 days. the current record belongs to man united, who led for 262 days in 1993/94. but they can beat that record by 12 days if they stay top until the end of the season.
Niki Lauda aimed a first verbal grenade at his driver Nico Rosberg ahead of the Chinese grand prix. the three-time world champion is colourful, candid and carefree. Rosberg ended that session behind his in-the-groove team-mate Lewis Hamilton.
Gary Neville believes a star player will always choose Manchester city over the big clubs in the premier league if they have a straight choice. the former united defender believes his former clubs, Chelsea and Arsenal would be a preferable option for a big star looking to move to the premier league. 'if any of the top four is able to add gareth bale, Morgan Schneiderlin and/or Paul Pogba and/or Mats Hummels to their squad this summer, they would instantly
Ilkay Gundogan is expected to complete a £15million move to old trafford. the midfielder anchors Dortmund's midfield and could be brought in. mats Hummels has indicated he's finally ready to become a united player.
the masters is one of few sporting events which offers food at reasonable prices. the secret of his success could be down to his unusual practice technique. a bar-b-que or classic chicken sandwich for $3 is about £2.05.
Eden Hazard is in a one-horse race to win both the PFA and Football Writers' awards. the belgian has been outstanding for the blues this season. but manager jose mourinho insists 'it shouldn't even be a debate'.
Byron Meth opened with a 74 on his Masters debut. the american amateur continues to impress at augusta. the 11th hole yielded just three birdies all day.
the 2013 us open champion is joint third, seven shots behind runaway leader Jordan Spieth. rose bogeyed three of the first four holes, finding himself playing from the trees as he recovered from wayward tee shots. the 34-year-old revealed he drew a pencil line on his scorecard at that point, like you draw a line in the sand.
Kevin Pietersen made 170 off 149 balls against Oxford MCCU on Sunday. former captains alec Stewart and Nasser Hussain have had their say on the 34-year-old's chances of a return to the test arena.
arsenal boss arsene wenger has slammed post season tours as a 'nightmare'. the gunners are one of several premier league sides to travel overseas. they will travel to australia and Malaysia at the end of the season. the gunners face burnley in the premier league on saturday.
blackpool drew 1-1 with bolton wanderers at the Macron Stadium on saturday. the result was the seasiders' first away win in 343 days. a substitute, eudur Gudjohnsen, scored the only goal of the game.
for the first time in 88 years the women's race was staged on the famous Tideway course that for so long had been the sole preserve of the men. hot favourites Oxford romped to victory by six and a half lengths against Cambridge.
richie Benaud died at 84 after a battle with skin cancer. international cricket fans in England lost his voice when live game switched from terrestrial to satellite television. a recent poll by the wisden cricketer magazine attracted 12,000 votes.
alec Stewart is yet to speak to the ECB about the newly-created role. the Surrey director of cricket insisted his focus is on his role at the Oval. former captains Andrew Strauss and Michael Vaughan have also been linked.
Eden Hazard and Santi Cazorla are both set to make their 100th premier league appearance this weekend. both players have been hugely influential since they moved to the etihad in the summer of 2012. here, sportsmail's reporters pick the player they most enjoy watching in action.
Nico Rosberg will start behind team-mate Lewis Hamilton in china. the german missed out on pole by just 0.042secs in qualifying. he has now been out-qualified by Hamilton at each of the three races this season.
police in Troy, Alabama, uncovered the clip on a cell phone during an unconnected investigation into a shooting in Troy, Alabama. a man is heard in the clip saying,'she isn't going to know,' before putting his hand inside her bikini bottoms.
arsenal beat burnley 1-0 in their premier league clash at turf moor. arsene wenger's side moved further clear of the leaders in the table. but they did not create too many clear-cut chances in the first half.
sportsmail have teamed up with golfbidder to offer one lucky reader the chance to win a bundle of Callaway golf clubs and accessories worth more than £1,300. the exclusive golfbidder.co.uk competition prize bundle includes a Callaway XR Driver, Callaway XR 3 Wood, Callaway XR Hybrid and a set of Callaway XR Irons.
arsenal host burnley at the emirates stadium in the premier league on saturday. the gunners have won seven straight games since defeat against rivals Tottenham at white hart lane on february 7. victory will ensure they claim the longest winning streak in the top-flight this season.
Charlie Adam scored a stunning goal against Chelsea on saturday. the robot celebration was first brought to prominence by Crouch in 2006. he was asked to 'do the robot' if he scored against the high-flyers.
the result leaves Derby without a win in seven games and six points off the top two. but head coach Steve McClaren pointed an accusing finger at his own team. he admitted his players only had themselves to blame for the latest setback.
middlesbrough beat relegation-threatened Wigan 2-0 at the DW Stadium. a deflected 20th-minute strike was enough to earn the win. it was the on-loan striker's 17th goal of the season. it is the fourth goal he has scored in his last four games.
blackburn beat Leeds united 3-0 at the etihad stadium on saturday. tom Cairney opened the scoring with a second-half header. jordan Rhodes doubled the lead with a second-half header. jay spearing completed the scoreline with a second-half header.
benik afobe and Bakary Sako scored in a 2-1 win at the city ground. dexter blackstock pulled one back for the reds in the 72nd minute. but it was too little, too late for the visitors at the city ground. manager Kenny jackett has told his players they must keep their focus.
courtney Griffith, 18, and Brandon Wyne, 17, were pulled over for a broken tail light. when officers approached their car they claimed to smell marijuana. they ordered everyone out of the car and retaliated by pepper spraying him. the boy can be seen screaming in pain, shouting: 'i'm 17 years old! Stop!'. footage has prompted an investigation into the officers' conduct.
the unnamed woman, believed to be between 25 and 45 years old, was discovered lying unconscious March 22 in the area near Shore Parkway and 26th Avenue in the Gravesend section of Brooklyn. paramedics who responded to the scene were unable to revive her and she was pronounced dead that evening. investigators believe the faded body art was the name 'Monique' etched across a tattooed ribbon within a heart topped with a rose.
Nike will see their agreement with the club expire on July 31. some claim they are being kept in the dark over whether they will be re-employed. a united source said: 'it seems as though Nike are using them as scapegoats'
the Iowa Board of Chiropractic released a report Wednesday detailing charges against Charles Manuel, of Lamoni. Manuel signed an agreement last month admitting his misdeeds and pledging not to apply for reinstatement for at least 10 years. the agreement requires that Manuel prove any circumstances surrounding the revocation of his license no longer exist before he can resume practicing chiropractic in the state.
Robin Thomas, of Jonesboro, Arkansas, posted a sign on his truck that reads, 'Looking for a date? Would you date a single father?' the advertisement then shows his phone number and below reads, '*Ages 21 and up*' the father-of-three decided to put the sign on his truck after failing to find love online several times.
flamur Ukshini, 23, from the Kosovan capital of Pristina, is in his final year studying Business Informatics and also works as a part time model. every picture that Flamur posts on his Instagram page is immediately fawned over by legions of Directioners.
Clint Chadbourne, 71, was headed back to Portland from Massachusetts with his wife and daughter when they pulled over at a rest stop. when he tried to get out the car, he couldn't because his gut was stuck in his seatbelt. in the video, he said in a thick Maine accent: 'you look at me. I am stuck in this cah. 'i'm getting hydrophobic'
arsene wenger branded the 'circus' surrounding Jurgen Klopp's departure as 'ridiculous'. the arsenal boss has two years left on a contract signed last summer. he is preparing for an FA Cup semi-final against reading on saturday.
the actor was challenged to a game by Chinese ping pong legend Deng Yaping. despite using a wooden spoon to give the actor a fighting chance, Deng still won the match.
new york city drew 1-1 with Philadelphia Union at the etihad on tuesday night. mehdi ballouchy opened the scoring before ac milan equalised. a haphazard defending allowed CJ Sapong to score on 86 minutes.
a Diego Castro header gave Getafe a 1-1 draw at the coliseum alfonso perez. the match was overshadowed by a serious injury to Mateo Musacchio. the defender was carried off on a stretcher with 13 minutes to go.
relegation battlers NAC Breda gave up a two-goal lead on saturday. but after the hour mark the home side appeared to crumble. the 46-year-old threw a devastating right hook to the side of the dugout. he sent his fist through the plastic casing, cutting his hand.
the prince and duchess of Rothesay visited the ballindalloch distillery. they were invited to fit the bungs to the casks on a tour of the distillery. but they will have to wait around eight to 10 years to sample the single malt. whisky from both casks will then be bottled to benefit royal visitors' charities.
an unidentified man was caught on the NBC sports channel wandering across the green at the Ko Olina resort in Oahu and plunging into a pond. he went into the water to retrieve a hat that had blown off in the wind and proceeded to lose his beer at the same time.
a hail of flares rained down from the stands on to the pitch in 2005. it was the second time in two seasons the sides had met in the knockout stages as they threatened continental dominance to add to their monopoly on Serie A. on Sunday, they meet again against the backdrop of a Champions League quarter-final week.
the 1986 world cup winner scored the winner during a charity match in bogota. a steward tried to stop him while applauding fans after the match. maradona was surrounded by media and cameraman as he applauded his fans.
arsene wenger says something must be done to solve fixture scheduling mess. arsenal will take on reading on Saturday as league leaders Chelsea take on manchester united at home. the gunners boss also branded rumours that he will be replaced by Borussia Dortmund manager Jurgen Klopp as 'ridiculous'.
callum Wilson opened the scoring in the fourth minute at the madejski stadium. the 22-year-old's 22nd goal of the season was his 22nd of the season. the win secured Bournemouth's third successive win at the top-flight.
Zlatan Ibrahimovic has been banned for four matches by the french league. the striker lambasted referee Lionel Jaffredo and one of his assistants. he will miss his side's matches against Nice, Lille, Metz and Nantes.
suarez has scored 13 goals in his last 14 games - six from six in the champions league. his overall tally is 18 and barça's front three are on 91 for the season. suarez, Neymar and Messi have established themselves as the most feared front three.
'you can obviously look how people have done it before you but I have to be my own person and do what I feel is the best way for me to captain the team,' says captain. 'the team spirit in the dressing-room is fantastic, but there are times when you have to speak up,' he says.
worker spotted jet washing roof of semi-detached home in greenwich, south east. local resident noticed lack of safety equipment on slippery tiles. he quickly took snaps of the man and said: 'it looked incredibly dangerous'
captain Steven Gerrard will leave anfield at the end of the season. the final will be staged on may 30 - his 35th birthday. but captain Simon Mignolet insists they are not thinking too far ahead. 'he won't let us think in a different way,' he says.
leandro Marin gave Boca Juniors the lead in the final minute. but a delay in the second half meant there was a significant amount of injury time. the argentine giants will now face fierce rivals River Plate in the last 16.
binky, 24, has opened up her closet to give wannabe Sloane Rangers a helping hand in achieving the polished, put-together look she is famed for. the made in Chelsea star said that faux fur is one of her top tips for achieving perfect Chelsea street style.
denis suarez scored a late winner for sevilla as they came from behind to take control of the Europa League quarter-final tie against Zenit St. Petersburg. the spaniard completed the comeback with a stunning volleyed effort from outside the box on 87 minutes. fiorentina rescued a 1-1 draw away to Dynamo Kiev, with Khouma Babacar's stoppage-time equaliser saving the italian team from a third straight defeat in all competitions
moly hennessey-Fiske, a reporter for the los angeles times, received the letter from a man purporting to be Robert Durst at a state prison. the letter states that Durst'said nothing about charges, crimes or trials' but rambles on about his thoughts on life in southern california. Durst, 71, was arrested last month for the suspected 2000 murder of his friend, writer Susan Berman, in los
Siem de Jong is hopeful of returning to the first-team against Swansea. the 26-year-old has been out for eight months with a collapsed lung. de Jong played 45 minutes for the under-21s on wednesday evening.
Piers Morgan has long been a critic of arsene wenger. he says arsenal should sack wenger and replace him with Jurgen Klopp. the gunners fan says the club would be a 'perfect' fit for the 'dynamic, driven young winner'
two french tourists allegedly ignited an aerosol spray with a lighter causing a large flame to make contact with a quokka on Rottnest Island off Perth in western australia. the lucky little critter survived the reckless incident but was singed by the flame and the men were charged.
the annual survey from Deutsche Bank has shown that for the fourth consecutive year, Australians pay higher prices for a range of consumer goods and services than are paid in any other place. the survey uses the purchasing power parity index to determine the relative price levels to the US dollar. it found that Australian prices are at 112 per cent of the us, meaning that we pay $1.12 to every $US1.
this as it is revealed that 31 employees have been arrested for theft in Miami since 2012, including six this year. in 2013, El Al Airlines set up a hidden camera at that airport, and found workers stealing cash, jewelry, iPhones and iPads. this as it is revealed that airline customers have reported $2.5million in lost property from 2010 to 2014.
Serie a club Parma have been deducted four points for breaching financial regulations. it adds to the three they were penalised earlier in the season. the club have been left with 12 points from 30 games.
former model was mugged by a gang of eight on bikes in central London. she had her phone stolen which reportedly contained private texts from gascoigne. the 28-year-old later tweeted about the mugging, branding them 'lowlifes'.
driver can be heard beeping his horn at the girl who is standing middle of the road before hitting into her with a horrifying thud. the 15-year-old girl suffered minor injuries and has already been released from shellharbour hospital. witnesses refused to come forward for fear of being punished for underage drinking.
carmem Dierks, 60, was running the dodgy practice in west orange county, Florida. she is facing charges of practicing unlicensed dentistry and operating an unregistered dental lab. During a raid on her practice, authorities discovered hundreds of patient files, two dentist chairs, an X-ray machine and dental molds.
two-year-old and his mother were kidnapped from their home in des Moines. police say 40-year-old mother was stunned with a Taser and bound with plastic ties. she managed to untie herself but had to flee without her son, police said.
Shannen Hussein, 21, lives on a 30-acre hobby farm in rockbank, 34 kilometres north-west of Melbourne. she spends her days playing with, feeding, and caring for what she estimates to be at least 150 different animals. her animals are often captured behaving like humans, from her lamb Winter who loves to jump on the bed to her bearded dragon who can understand the english language.
jurgen Klopp confirms he will leave borussia dortmund at the end of the season. the 47-year-old is the bookmakers' favourite to replace manuel Pellegrini. he has been linked with a move to arsenal and liverpool in the past.
the duchess of cambridge’s younger sister was seen going for an early evening run in a London park, stopping to chat to a fellow jogger. she wore a blue sports vest and patterned shorts with pink and grey trainers and a baseball cap.
everton beat swansea 1-0 in their premier league clash on saturday. lennon's first-half strike gave the visitors a 1-0 lead at the etihad stadium. but former liverpool midfielder Jonjo shelvey equalised for the visitors.
the 28-year-old joined barca in 2008 from manchester united. he has made 299 appearances for the spanish giants. he is poised to star for the spanish giants against psg on tuesday.
everton drew 1-1 with swansea city at the liberty stadium on saturday. the merseyside outfit played 10 games in the european competition this season before being knocked out by Dynamo Kiev. the gap between their status now and after 32 games last season is 25 points, the difference between chasing a Champions League place and the top 10.
the 29-year-old scored united's first goal and created two more for marouane Fellaini and Chris Smalling. he said united were focused on quieting their 'noisy neighbours' at old trafford. united beat city 4-1 at old trafford after falling behind to a Sergio Aguero goal.
the Ukrainian pole vault great is battling with fellow IAAF vice-president Coe for the top job at athletics' world governing body. Bubka launched his manifesto, entitled 'Taking Athletics to New Heights' in an internet broadcast. the 51-year-old said there was 'no acceptance for cheaters'
the 31-year-old defender is out of contract at the nou camp this summer. rumours have been swirling that he is set to leave the catalan club. but he insists he is happy at barca and is yet to sign a deal.
barcelona will offer £50m for the in-demand midfielder. he would have to be loaned back to the italian champions until 2016-17. meanwhile, marca look at the race for the top of la liga.
aljaz bedene was unable to dislodge Czech young gun Jiri Vesely. the 21-year-old has switched allegiance from Slovenia to Great Britain. he will face spanish veteran Daniel Gimeno-Traver in the semi-finals.
Jordan Spieth is the second youngest Masters winner of all time. the 21-year-old is the first start-to-finish winner at augusta in 39 years. he finished four shots clear of the field in a start-to-finish victory.
Jordan Spieth won his first Masters title by four shots on sunday. the 21-year-old became the second youngest winner after Tiger Woods in 1997. the young Texan finished 18 under to beat Rose and Phil Mickelson.
the birds came in through the chimney in a family home in texas. the video maker initially thought they were bats but now believes them to be sparrows. the family remain very calm throughout the video.
the 27-year-old is marrying his long-term girlfriend in his hometown of Dunblane. the pair have been together for 10 years after meeting at the 2005 us open. they got back together after a brief split in 2010 before announcing engagement last year.
a dog named Foxxy Cleopatra and the reptile called Ryuu can be seen chasing after one another around a coffee table. standing perfectly still, the bearded dragon appears disinterested as the Chihuahua jumps around excitedly. without warning, the dog charges at full speed towards the dog and forces it to make a quick retreat.
amelie mauresmo has announced that she is expecting a baby. the world no 3 will be eight months' pregnant during the summer. the trial with his prospective assistant coach Jonas Bjorkman has assumed a greater significance.
a moment of madness from England hooker Tom Youngs handed Saracens victory. but the second-placed Londoners were frustrated by their failure to earn a four-try bonus. winger Chris Wyles went over for a third after some shocking defence.
the ECB announced on Wednesday that moeen Ali has been called up for the next test in Grenada. the lancashire seamer picked up one wicket on day three, but is still one shy of botham's record of 383 dismissals. he tweeted: 'i'll have a go at that price!!!'.
Spencer Gerlach, 20, told police that he and his ex-wife Keltsie Gerlach were having a dispute on Wednesday afternoon that escalated into murder. when police arrived, Keltsie was found dead in the living room with stab wounds. the couple's 15-month-old daughter was unharmed in her crib and was asleep in the next room.
marland Yarde scored a crucial try in the 70th minute at the Stoop. the 22-year-old wing won the last of his seven caps as a replacement last autumn. he was overlooked by England throughout the RBS 6 Nations.
captain alastair cook failed with the bat on day three of the first test. he was out for 13 after edging a jerome Taylor delivery into the slips. captain cook also fell cheaply to the plan of bowling at him full and swinging around off stump.
match of the day pundit has taken to twitter to show fans his progress. he posted the snap on his twitter saying he has lost 12.4% bodyfat. the former Birmingham player is known for his fitness regime.
alastair cook failed with the bat again on day three of the first test. the captain was without an international century for almost two years. the first three wickets fell for not many as west indies bowled them out for 295.
defending champions San Antonio Spurs take part in amusing music video. team-mates Kawhi Leonard, Matt Bonner, Patty Mills, Aron Baynes and official mascot the coyote all teamed up to form the band. the band's name is in reference to english rockers Duran Duran.
the Indiana Pacers beat the Washington Wizards 99-95 at the bankers life fieldhouse. the los Angeles lakers won their final game of the regular season by defeating the injury-depleted Phoenix Suns. the los Angeles lakers can finish with the no 2 seed if the San Antonio Spurs and Houston Rockets lose their final games on Wednesday.
Southampton have lost three of their last six games in the champions league. the st mary's side are seventh in the table after a run of three defeats. but manager Ronald Koeman believes opponents have given them more respect.
steph curry made 77 consecutive three-point attempts during a session. the 27-year-old is one of the best-ever shooters from behind the arc in basketball history. however, he was frustrated when one of his attempts bounced off the rim.
arsenal beat burnley 1-0 in their premier league clash on saturday. the win was their eighth in a row and they kept up the pressure on leaders Chelsea. striker olivier giroud wants the gunners to continue their winning run.
Aaron Finch must recover from a hamstring injury if he is to play for Yorkshire in the summer. the australian had to retire hurt after a quick single for Mumbai Indians. he tweeted: 'looks like I'll be out of the rest of @ipl at this stage!'
Christian Benteke believes it would be risky to suggest that one more win will be enough to ensure survival from relegation. villa are six points clear of queens park rangers in 18th place. but the gap could close this weekend with burnley and Leicester in premier league action and the FA Cup semi-final.
the football association will be contacting QPR and Chelsea. the incident happened during the Chelsea celebrations at loftus road. a cigarette lighter was thrown from a section of home supporters. the club are unlikely to face disciplinary action over the incident.
Jamie Vardy scored an injury-time winner at the hawthorns. the win improves Leicester's slim chance of barclays premier league survival. west brom remain bottom of the table with five games to go.
Leicester city beat west bromwich albion 3-2 at the hawthorns on saturday. late goals from Robert Huth and Jamie Vardy secured victory. manager Nigel Pearson believes his side's fate is still in their own hands.
Jamie Vardy scored an injury-time winner against west bromwich albion. the win improves Leicester's slim chance of survival in the premier league. 'it was a pretty decent day,' says Vardy.
seven points split sunderland in 15th and Leicester in 20th. aston villa drew 3-3 with queens park rangers on tuesday night. chelsea drew 1-1 with manchester city at stamford bridge on saturday.
midfielder Cesc Fabregas scored 88th minute winner at loftus road. jubilant scenes erupted in the away end as qpr beat west london rivals. the result leaves the hoops within touching distance of the premier league title.
the 67-year-old has signed a nine-game deal with the black cats. he celebrated his first home match with a 1-0 win over rivals Newcastle.'my situation is not important,' he said ahead of sunderland's visit to crystal palace.
Carlton Cole's contract expires at the end of the season. it is unclear whether he'll stay at the club beyond the summer. but the striker admits he can't approach his manager about a new deal.
the annual showpiece will take place at Dick's Sporting Goods Park on July 29. it is the 20th edition of the AT&T MLS All Stars game. recent participants include Bayern Munich, Manchester united and Chelsea.
west ham have lost four of their last six premier league matches. they were thrashed 4-2 by rivals united at old trafford last weekend. but midfielder Cheikhou Kouyate is wary of facing champions city on sunday. the hammers face a 'wounded animal' at the etihad stadium.
Lionel Messi wants Celtic to play in the champions league again. the scottish giants lost 2-1 on aggregate to maribor in the play-off round. Messi has played at Celtic three times in Europe during his career.
marko arnautovic scored a 95th-minute equaliser for west ham united. the striker had already had two offside ruled out for the game. it is the fourth time this year that a late goal has cost the ninth-placed Hammers.
former west brom striker died aged 59 from 'industrial disease' in 2002. a 10-year study was promised to investigate the connection between head injuries and early on-set dementia. but a mail on Sunday investigation last year revealed the research was never carried out. 'we promised the astle family we would do some research and we didn’t and that is a failure by the FA,' says fa chairman.
the 25-year-old can play at right back, left back or either wing. he has been watched by Chelsea, Liverpool and Newcastle over the past year. scouts have also been monitoring sporting Lisbon pair Islam Slimani and Andre Carrillo.
the Scottish Professional Football League has moved Rangers' final-day clash with Hearts back to Saturday, May 2. the decision was made after tv broadcaster Sky decided to screen the match live but Hibernian hit out at the change. the three other clubs involved have all backed the club's stance. but the league released a controversial statement on Wednesday night admitting it was puzzled by the fall-out.
the parkhead side face nearest rivals Aberdeen at Pittodrie on may 10. winning their subsequent games could see Celtic win their fourth successive championship. if Celtic wrap up the league flag they will be presented with the trophy before their final home game against inverness caledonian thistle on may 24.
real madrid defender Daniel Carvajal appeared to move his mouth towards Mario Mandzukic's arm in an off-the-ball scrap on. the defender then struck out towards the atletico striker's arm. mandzukic claims he was elbowed after a clash with real's Sergio Ramos.
myles Hippolyte opened the scoring for Rangers with a 47th-minute free-kick. but he was soon replaced by Marius Zaliukas who doubled the lead. the result leaves Rangers two points off the relegation zone.
two goals from Luis Suarez and an effort from Neymar gave the four-time winners a commanding 3-1 lead going into their return fixture. the media in france are damning of the performance of the Ligue 1 champions.
Romelu Lukaku will have a late fitness test on a hamstring problem. darron Gibson (stomach) is a doubt but forwards Kevin Mirallas (dead leg) and Steven Pienaar (knee) are back in contention.
Barcelona have reached the milestone in 202 Champions League matches since 1992. the spanish giants have scored 436 goals in the competition. they still have a long way to go before they can match real madrid's 436.
angel rangel is in line for his first Swansea start for over two months. winger Jefferson Montero could make the bench after suffering a hamstring injury on international duty last month. striker Romelu Lukaku is a major doubt for everton with a hamstring injury.
the 20-year-old has escaped a club punishment after being caught on video inhaling the legal high nitrous oxide. but fresh pictures have emerged of him holding a shisha pipe, this time alongside young team-mate Jordon Ibe. the teenager was spotted arriving at Melwood on Wednesday just seconds after Sterling.
burnley host arsenal at turf moor in the premier league on saturday. gunners defenders Laurent Koscielny (groin) and Wojciech Szczesny (rib) face fitness tests.
the 20-year-old will be reminded of his professional responsibilities and warned about the consequences of taking a drug called 'hippy crack' it is the second time sterling has been pictured smoking from a shisha pipe in the past few days. he enraged the club after saying he was 'flattered' to be linked with arsenal.
four-time Olympic champion will attempt to break cycling's hour record. the 35-year-old will attempt to cycle the furthest distance in 60 minutes. he finished his Team Sky career in the Paris-Roubaix 253.5km one-day race.
ONE Pro Cycling confirmed in the list of entrants for the first Tour de Yorkshire. the race will run over three stages starting in Bridlington on may 1. Prior is a long-time cycling fan who was mocked by Kevin Pietersen last summer for taking his bike with him on a tour of New Zealand.
George Bailey will play the second half of the NatWest T20 Blast. the batsman will also be available in the royal London cup. the 32-year-old has captained his country in both limited-overs formats.
the 24-year-old was involved in a 50-rider pile-up in the final kilometre. he was taken to hospital but suffered severe cuts to his back and shoulders. team-mate Elia Viviani was taken to hospital complaining of pain in his arm.
premier league rivals will take part in the tournament this summer. the pre-season tournament is set to be played between July 11 and august 5. the full details will be revealed at a press conference on April 28.
lionel messi opened the scoring with a header in the 14th minute. argentina international xabi alonso doubled the lead with a header. sergio ramos equalised for sevilla with a header in the 31st minute. yaya toure equalised for sevilla with a header in the second half.
Alberto Bueno has scored 17 goals for Rayo Vallecano this season. the 27-year-old is the highest-scoring spanish-national in la liga. he played for Derby on loan five years ago but looked like Champions League material.
liverpool midfielder leiva and westham loanee Alex Song are on mancini's wishlist. if the pair fail to impress, the italians could turn to the likes of leiva and song. mancini worked with the pair while at the club.
the 2012 Tour de France winner failed to win his final race with Team Sky. the 151-mile parsi-roubaix race took in 27 tortuous cobbled spells. german John Degenkolb won the race ahead of wiggins in 18th.
Daniel Sturridge was left out of the squad for the game against Newcastle. the striker picked up a knock at blackburn last week. manager Brendan rodgers has admitted that his star striker will be monitored.
Dirk Kuyt has signed a one-year contract with Feyenoord. the former holland forward is returning to the club next season. the 34-year-old says he is fit and has a great drive to make a success.
a 3-0 derby victory at home to Levante lifted the club to within a point of the champions with seven games left. barca lead on 65 points after squandering a 2-0 lead at fifth-placed Sevilla.
'Championship comeback' is what marca led with 'two points away!'.'magic' first half gave barca a two-goal lead away to sevilla. 'i'm sure we'll win the league,' said barca manager Gerard Pique. 'a team without wages beat virtual champions,' said massimiliano Allegri. bottom club Parma beat Serie A leaders Juventus 1-0.
Utrecht drew 1-1 with Ajax at the Stadion Galgenwaard on sunday. winger Edouard Duplan had no idea he had been substituted. the referee blew on 24 minutes amid confusion.
Chelsea are in early discussions over a possible partnership with Royal Mouscron-Peruwelz. Mouscron, in Belgium's Pro League, had a partnership with Lille. the french side are now poised to link up with another Belgian club.
arsenal beat burnley 1-0 in their premier league clash at Turf Moor. a first-half strike from Aaron Ramsey gave the gunners a 1-0 lead. the win is the eighth in a row for arsene wenger's side. the gunners have won at sunderland, Newcastle, Manchester city and now burnley.
Jordan Spieth leads Charley Hoffman by five strokes, matching the largest halfway lead in Masters history. to shoot 14 under, the lowest two-round score at augusta, and equal to the best 36-hole score recorded at a major championship, isn't boring. if Spieth repeats his achievement at the Hero World Challenge in Florida last year, perhaps, he led from wire to wire and recorded a score of 26 under par.
Dustin Johnson is the first man ever to have three eagles in one round. the 21-year-old shot a 66 to set a new 36-hole record of 14 under par. it also tied the lowest 36-hole total seen in a major, set by three others.
Derry Mathews will face Ismael Barroso for the interim world title. he was set to fight Cuban champion Richar Abril on the 18th of january. but he pulled out again this week after coming down with dengue fever.
two-time grand slam champion Andy Murray marries his girlfriend of almost 10 years in his hometown of Dunblane. the couple met when the pair were teenagers during the us open in 2005. the couple got back together in 2010 following a brief split and their engagement was confirmed last November.
warrington will box in front of 10,000 passionate fans in Leeds on Saturday. the featherweight is quickly becoming one of Britain's best-supported fighters. here, sportsmail looks at some of the other celebrities that have added some sparkle to ring walks.
unbeaten boxer Danny Garcia will fight lamont Peterson in a non-title fight. the 27-year-old revealed he has an extra toe on his right foot. he stripped off his sock to show off his six toes in an interview with TMZ.
Xabi alonso has his sights set on winning the champions league. the 33-year-old is the second player to win the trophy with three clubs. alonso won the title in his first season at liverpool in 2005.
Benzema believes his side are capable of retaining the champions league. the la liga giants won their 10th european cup last season. Benzema's team-mate James Rodriguez has heaped praise on manager Carlo Ancelotti.
american television network showtime has released a short promotional video from within the Mayweather camp. the short film takes inside the gym with the undefeated american as he prepares for the biggest fight the sport has ever witnessed. mayweather is down to within three-and-a-half pounds of the welterweight limit.
atletico madrid face real madrid in the champions league on tuesday. argentine manager Diego Simeone has extended his contract until 2019. the 44-year-old has imposed his incredible work ethic on his players.
arsenal manager refused to shake the hand of Monaco boss arsene wenger. he upset Jardim by saying: 'they are a better team than Arsenal'. 'we deserve to be here and we deserve respect. we have quality,' says Jardim.
the 36-year-old is gearing up for his $300million welterweight showdown with Floyd Mayweather on may 2. but he took time out of his preparation to thank Spike Lee and Tito Mikey for their support so far. 'thank you to Spike Lee and Tito Mikey for supporting Team Pacquiao,' he said.
the 31-year-old has scored six goals in the champions league this season. he will be expected to deliver in the first leg against Monaco on tuesday. massimiliano allegri's side are 12 points clear of nearest rivals lazio.
a string of fine saves from goalkeeper Antonio Mirante also helped Parma to a memorable win. the crisis-hit club were declared bankrupt last month and the players have not been paid all season. however, they are still in last place, 10 points from safety, with nine matches remaining.
atletico madrid host real madrid in their champions league quarter-final first leg on tuesday. the spanish giants travel to the Vicente Calderon to face rivals real madrid. ancelotti admits facing Simeone is both an 'honour' and a 'problem'. the 55-year-old also revealed he has a fully fit squad to choose from.
former manchester united and city striker says it is harder to score goals in Serie A than in the premier league. the Argentine has scored 36 goals in the italian top flight since leaving the club in 2013. he has blasted premier league midfields as 'non-existent'.
'it could be a boring game, the important thing is not to concede a goal at home,' says massimiliano allegri. 'the french side concede few goals and it's always more complicated to play against a team that doesn't go forward very often,' he says.
blackburn were eliminated from the competition on tuesday night. manager Gary Bowyer believes the club should brace themselves for interest. he has rejected advances for Jordan Rhodes and Rudy Gestede.
Nicky Law scored twice in the 4-0 win against Raith Rovers on sunday. he has been a rejuvenated figure under interim manager Stuart McCall. a trio of english championship clubs are interested in the striker.
callum Wilson puts the Cherries ahead with a sublime finish in the 81st minute. Yann Kermorgant fires the hosts into the lead with a sweetly-taken free-kick in the 70th minute. the result moves them four points clear at the top of the championship.
mark Clattenburg will take charge of the champions league quarter-final clash between Paris Saint-Germain and Barcelona. he will be assisted by assistants Simon Beck and Jake Collin, assistants Anthony Taylor and Andre Marriner and fourth official Stuart Burt. Clattenburg has handed out 148 yellow and four red cards in 38 games so far this season.
pep guardiola is bidding to reach his sixth Champions League semi-final in his six years as a manager. the new manager stuck up for argentina star lionel messi in 2008. he took the young argentina international under his wing.
96 red balloons were released at the annual memorial service at anfield. tributes were paid to 96 supporters who died at the disaster 26 years ago. families, fans, players and club legends attended the service.
Luis Suarez scored twice as Barcelona beat PSG 3-1 on tuesday night. it was the former liverpool striker's 1,000th goal in european competition. suarez's strike partner Lionel Messi shared an image of the duo inside the Parc des Princes dressing room via his facebook page.
Stephen Dodd took photograph of asif bodi and abubakar Bhula at anfield. he said:'muslims praying at half-time at the match yesterday #DISGRACE' club authorities say they will 'take appropriate action' against the supporter.
police say they have no objections to the late afternoon kick-off. the 4pm kick-off allows supporters more time in the pub. the decision is down to good behaviour from supporters of each side.
jurgen Klopp has told bosses he wants to leave at the end of the season. the 47-year-old manager believes he has taken the club as far as he can. the news will have Arsenal and Manchester city on alert.
Luis Suarez doubles his tally to give barcelona a 3-0 lead at the etihad. the uruguay international has scored 17 goals for the club this season. he has scored 10 goals in his last 11 games - including two at manchester city.
sterling has been pictured smoking from a shisha pipe in the past few days. the 20-year-old has been linked with a move to barcelona in the summer. this is the second time he has been pictured smoking from a shisha pipe.
Zlatan Ibrahimovic scored a hat-trick as Paris Saint-Germain thrashed Saint-Etienne 4-1 to reach the french cup final. the striker took his career tally to 102 goals since joining the club three years ago. argentine winger Ezequiel Lavezzi added the other goal as the capital side advanced to meet Auxerre in the final.
bayer leverkusen defender Emir Spahic could face a lengthy ban. the 34-year-old was substituted in the 90th minute with an ankle injury. but amateur footage shows him involved in an altercation with stewards. spahic appeared to aim a headbutt at a member of stadium staff. the incident has been referred to the public prosecutor in Cologne.
blackburn defeated aston villa 1-0 in their quarter-final replay at wembley. blackburn goalkeeper Simon Eastwood almost scored a late equaliser. the result sets up a clash with aston villa at wembley on sunday.
toulon won back-to-back European crowns to signal the end of the heineken cup era. no side has ever won three European titles on the trot, though Leicester and Munster have also previously registered back-to-back triumphs. toulon will face leinster at Marseille's Stade Velodrome on Sunday, April 19.
will Stevens is yet to compete in qualifying or the race for his new team. the 23-year-old is hoping to compete in the Chinese grand prix this weekend. manor have had teething problems since being rescued from administration.
taekwondo star Aaron Cook has been granted citizenship by Moldova. the 24-year-old has refused to fight for Great Britain since may 2012. he is aggrieved at being overlooked in favour of a bronze medallist.
Nathan Hughes's knee collided with the head of George North as he crossed the line to score a try for northampton on march 27. the winger was shown a red card for the offence, but that has now been rescinded. wasps appealed the decision, but the ban was thrown out on appeal.
the 29-year-old will compete at the Arena Pro Swim Series event in Mesa, Arizona. he was suspended by USA swimming following his drink-driving arrest in september. he was caught travelling at 84mph in a 45mph zone in Baltimore.
toulon defeated wasps 3-0 in the champions cup on sunday. a late Ali Williams try put the hosts beyond doubt. a glaring error by the referee put the game beyond doubt.
it has been 88 years since the royals last made an appearance in the semi-finals. they face premier league giants arsenal at wembley on sunday. manager Steve Clarke has told his players not to get caught up in the occasion.
world no 5 watched a basketball game in Indiana alongside NFL star J.J. Watt. the pair cheered on the players at a NCAA Final Four college basketball championship game on Monday. the game between the Duke Blue Devils and the University of Wisconsin's Badgers took place at the Lucas Oil Stadium in the city.
castleford's blockbusting winger dislocated his elbow in the win over Hull. he will be out for six to eight weeks after being told he needs elbow surgery. the news could have been worse for carney, who did not suffer a break as first feared.
Pablo Osvaldo believes that his former team-mates Andrea Pirlo and Francisco Totti should move to argentina. the 29-year-old moved to his current side on a loan deal from Southampton. he believes that the duo would be a good fit for argentina.
world no 5 Caroline Wozniacki took part in the annual Easter Egg Roll. the event was broadcast on the popular talk show live! with Kelly and Michael. the white house hosts the event once a year on the lawn outside.
Manchester city host united at old trafford in the premier league on saturday. united have hit form at the right time, while city have blown their chances. here, sportsmail looks at how a composite Xi of the sides might take shape.
milinda Gunasekera was flying home from a holiday in Chile. the 32-year-old downed a bottle of vodka in the airport toilets. he then allegedly groped a female passenger's breast.
the incident occurred at Ben Gurion international airport in israel. six passengers were forced to jump onto the runway to escape the flames. the plane was scheduled to fly out to Russia from the middle east.
William 'Frankie' Dugan, 29, and 32-year-old Valerie Ojo allegedly committed forcible sodomy, incest and exploitation against two children. the couple were charged in march after they allegedly performed sex acts on the children and forced them to carry out sordid acts on each other.
van gaal says he has been dreaming of beating rivals city at old trafford. van persie said he was fit to play but is not yet fit enough to play. united take on city at the etihad stadium on sunday.
louis van gaal says he is not worried about the prospect of facing man city. the united boss believes his side will not be as defensive as aston villa. van gaal lost his first encounter with united's closest rivals last November.
manuel pellegrini says he is not impressed by manchester united's rise up the table. he points out the likes of angel di mari, ander Herrera, ander Herrera, Juan Mata and daley blind. city have lost five of their last seven games in all competitions.
manuel pellegrini's future will be decided when the dust settles on a creaking season. a defeat to their cross-town rivals would push chairman Khaldoon al Mubarak closer to pressing the termination button. a victory would inject some happiness into what seems a rather glum situation and reignite ambitions to finish second.
keeper smiled and exchanged a fist pump with sunderland striker before half-time. he later defended his actions, saying: 'what he did was a mistake' sportsmail's Jamie Carragher criticised the keeper for his half-time actions.
sunderland beat Newcastle 1-0 in the wear-tyne derby on sunday. defender jermain Defoe scored a stunning 20-yard volley. Defoe has scored just twice for the black cats since joining in january.
Defoe opened the scoring for the hosts in the 45th minute with a left-footed volley. the former tottenham striker scored his third goal for the club in the north east derby. it was his third for the club in the premier league this season.
Newcastle lost 1-0 to sunderland in the premier league on saturday. head coach carver admitted he was 'embarrassed' by the defeat. he said his side were second best in every department in the first half. Defoe scored a stunning volley in stoppage time to secure victory.
family and friends broke down in court as they listened to 911 call made by witnesses who tried to save their son. the 22-year-old, from Melbourne, was shot in the back with a.22 calibre handgun in august 2013. chancey Luna, 17, was charged with first-degree murder.
the 29-year-old had previously been deployed in the centre of midfield. but now he has been returned to his preferred position up front. he is the most serious threat to city's prospects at old trafford.
a family court judge ruled that the boy must stay in the care of his local authority. the boy had to have 13 teeth taken out due to a high sugar diet two years ago. judge said the boy's parents accepted that their son had suffered from 'poor dental hygiene' due to a diet high in sugar.
sunderland beat Newcastle 1-0 at the stadium of light on sunday. defender jermain Defoe scored a stunning volley in the 45th minute. the 32-year-old admits he had to question that it was even happening. he said: 'the stadium just erupted and I got emotional, it was crazy'
liverpool striker Mario Balotelli has been subjected to more than 4,000 racist messages on social media this season. balotelli's team-mate Daniel Sturridge and arsenal striker Danny Welbeck have also been subjected to more than a thousand discriminatory messages. kick it out estimates there have been 134,000 discriminatory posts this season with 39,000 directed towards premier league players.
the 20-year-old set a new world record for the 100m breast stroke. his time of 57.92 seconds beat the previous record of 58.46 set by south african Cameron van der Burgh at the 2012 olympics. peaty has spoken of his delight that his hard work and training has paid off.
lady Sasima Srivikorn is co-chairman of Reading football club with madejski. the 73-year-old is in her 70s with an endearing laugh and a royal blue scarf. she has been a singer and composer who wrote the theme song for the Asian Games.
half of those surveyed were assaulted before they were 18 years old. the poll led to calls for a campaign to stem sexist or threatening behaviour.
former footballer made his presenting debut as a co-host on Monday morning. the 45-year-old looked to help a brother and sister-in-law renovate a house. the semi-detached house in dartford was bought at auction for £215,000.
pekingese marley and mitzy were left to play in the front garden of their home. but they were snatched when the couple weren't looking - and neighbours believe they have caught the suspected thief on CCTV.
louis van gaal has revealed that four players are out injured for united. daley blind, daley blind, Phil Jones and Marcos Rojo are also out. 'the worst scenario,' van gaal said ahead of the game at stamford bridge.
Shay Given will start for Aston villa against Liverpool on sunday. the 38-year-old has been selected each round of the competition. given has kept two clean-sheets in all four of villa's matches this season.
Frank Knight, a lifelong supporter of the seasiders, was ordered to make a public apology after posting a disparaging status on his Facebook page this time last year. this is the third instance in a matter of months where a fan of the club has settled before court proceedings with owner Owen Oyston and his son, chairman Karl. supporters have been protesting against the ownership of their club before matches and then not attending the games.
united squad pictured travelling to west london via train on friday. captain Wayne Rooney led the way as they travelled to stockport railway station. striker may have to revert to a midfield role against the blues. united face a number of selection dilemmas ahead of the clash.
Philippe Coutinho was sold to liverpool for £8.5million in 2013. the brazilian playmaker has progressed to become one of the premier league's most revered players. he has been nominated for the PFA Player of the Year award this term.
Luke Shaw thought he had done OK against arsenal in the FA Cup. but he was substituted at half-time by louis van gaal at old trafford. the £28million defender has not played since and has turned to united's psychologist.
carver says he's enjoying his job at the club despite all appearances. the 50-year-old has managed just two wins in 14 games to date. he has also seen his side lose their last five premier league games.
the 28-year-old has been jailed for four years and four months. he admitted four charges relating to two incidents at Swindon crown court. while on bail, he also attempted to rob two men in Swindon after drinking heavily at a party.
Aaron Ramsey has warned his english team-mates to beware of Wales. the 22-year-old admits the banter with the likes of Danny Welbeck is already flying on the Arsenal training ground. Wales are currently unbeaten in group b of the euro 2016 qualifiers.
a hat-trick of tries from 19-year-old winger Ash Handley helped Leeds to a 41-16 win over reigning champions St Helens. the win takes them six points clear at the top of the super league.
the german midfielder says he is now playing his best football since joining the gunners in the summer of 2013. the 26-year-old was off the pace at the beginning of this season, but says he is now back to his best since returning to fitness in January. the playmaker was a big part of Germany's world cup win over the summer, playing every game as they lifted the trophy in Brazil.
elephants invaded village in india, destroying crops and houses. locals were trying to coax the herd of elephants back into the forest. one suddenly became violent and charged at 50-year-old Ramiul Sheikh. he narrowly escaped being crushed to death by the five-ton mammal.
the tragedy happened at Fort Lauderdale executive airport around 4.30pm on Sunday. the pilot declared an emergency, but the plane crashed shortly after. eye-witnesses say they knew something was wrong as they watched the plane coming into land.
caring cat Rademenes was rescued by the shelter in bydgoszcz, northern Poland. he contracted an inflamed respiratory tract infection and his owner thought he was too unwell to be saved. vet Lucyna Kuziel-Zawalich took care of him and adopted him as a permanent member of the animal hospital.
the recorded cell phone conversation, which the company released to reporters, shows John Hargrove repeatedly using the N-word. in the five-minute video, Hargrove discusses an incident in which five black men allegedly threw a rock at the woman speaking on the other line that she said hit the back of her head. 'you know you were mad, cause you whipped around and you said that, you did, "What are you n****rs doing throwing them rocks?"', he can be heard
former chairman of Bradford City was linked to eight other fires before blaze. blaze at valley parade in 1985 claimed 56 lives and injured 265. fire thought to have been started by spark from a match or cigarette. high court judge said fire was not started deliberately and was caused by a discarded cigarette.
the fire began around 11:30 a.m. Sunday on Tupper Street in downtown Buffalo. police evacuated two buildings as smoke came out of manholes. the second of three explosions sent one of the manhole covers 200 to 300 feet into the air.
the video was initially uploaded to reddit by a user named toper-centage. he claims to be have been influenced by Japanese comics.
seven women and five men voted to send the ex-new england patriots star to prison for life on wednesday. the jury and alternate jurors say it was a heart-wrenching decision, but one they made in confidence. when asked if they knew who Hernandez was before the trial, most raised their hands.
the video was captured by a visitor to the lake district wildlife park. it shows the 50-year-old primate sneaking across a feild in its enclosure. the video has been compared to running across the landing naked.
gemma the pit bull was filmed at home in California being fed some treats. but in a bid to trick her, her owner throws a broccoli spear into the mix. Immediately the canine pulls a look of disgust as she chomps on the vegetable.
dullel Kassab fled to Raqqa in Syria with her children last year. she regularly boasts on twitter that her four-year-old daughter and two-year-old son sleep with toy guns next to their beds. the children's paternal grandparents say they are worried Kassab, 28, is 'brainwashing' the children.
statue is to honour the wife of china's first ruler, who founded 2070 BC. statue has been in place for ten years but has been worn down by tourists. officials accuse tourists of fondling the woman's exposed breast.
Kristina Patrick from Alaska filmed her German Shepherd, Pakak, performing a very skillful trick. video footage shows the pup lying on her back with a tennis ball neatly clutched between her front paws.
the 25-year-old is a free agent and had been playing for Colorado Rapids. he had a spell with inverness caledonian thistle in 2011.
Jessica Ennis-Hill won heptathlon gold at the London 2012 games. the 29-year-old has not competed since 2013 as she became a mother. she will return to competition in the sainsbury's anniversary games.
Aaron Ramsey has scored 25 goals for arsenal since the start of last season. his goal against burnley was the only goal of the game at the emirates. he dedicates his last two goals to his late gran who passed away.
the dog named Stains had its coat trimmed to resemble a lion's when its owners sent it to the groomers. the sheep-herding breed's thick coat had become uncomfortable in the recent sunshine. it was at this point that its owner decided that what the dog really needed was a new look and opted to have half its coat shaved.
the 14-year-old is regarded as one of the best players to emerge from Anderlecht's youth set-up. he rejected a move to Barcelona's La Masia academy when he was 12 as his family wanted him to continue his studies.
city will resist any attempt by Valencia to pull out of a £24million deal for Alvaro Negredo to fund a move for Radamel Falcao. reports in Spain suggested that Valencia were having second thoughts about keeping the striker next season. but city are adamant that the deal will go through as planned.
the blood parrot cichlid is a hybrid of the midas and the red frog. it swims away from the man's hand a few times before returning to rest. the man massages and plays with his fish for at least 15 minutes each day.
teacher Aaron galloway, 23, was on half-term city break to Prague. he left his expensive camera on the seat as he landed in the capital. ground crew phoned the flight attendants within minutes but there was no sign of the £499 Nikon. when he got home, he went on ebay to find a replacement and was astonished to see his own camera for sale with just 35 minutes left on the auction. steward Fernando Miguel Andrade Viseu confessed to
Mauricio pochettino says another season in the european competition could hamper his side's chances of qualifying for next season's champions league. pochettino revealed hugo lloris and Kyle Walker are major doubts ahead of the clash against the magpies.
tiger woods and rory mcilroy were paired up in the final round of the 2015 masters. the world no 1 finished on 12 under par in fourth place, six shots behind the eventual winner. long-time leader Jordan Spieth won his first ever major title with victory at the augusta national golf club.
angelique Kerber beat Madison Keys 6-2, 4-6, 7-5 in the family circle cup final. it was the 20-year-old's fourth WTA title and first since Linz in 2013. she broke serve five times against an opponent who hadn't lost serve all week. this was Kerber's fourth title and first since Linz in 2013.
Maria Sharapova has pulled out of this weekend's Fed Cup semi-final. the world no 2 has a leg injury and is a doubt for the Stuttgart open. her last appearance was in the Miami open at the end of march.
the liverpool defender's deal is set to expire this summer. the 22-year-old has become a forgotten man with a knee injury. he has not played a minute of first-team football in 11 months.
Sania Mirza won her third successive doubles title with partner Martina Hingis. the 28-year-old beat casey Dellacqua and darija Jurak 6-0, 6-4. Mirza became the first Indian woman to reach the top of the rankings.
Mika Hakkinen says Lewis Hamilton is well within his rights to look after himself. the former world champion says he was 'crying' after he complained about his teammate. Hamilton won his fourth race of the season and his second in china.
toto wolff says tensions between Lewis Hamilton and Nico Rosberg were 'normal'. 'when you have intense competition it causes emotions to run high,' says wolff. 'we tackled them directly on Sunday night to stop anything carrying over to this weekend,' says wolff.
toto Wolff says team may have to make 'unpopular call' for their drivers. comments come in the wake of Nico Rosberg's moaning over team radio. the briton claimed his team-mate was selfish during the Chinese grand prix.
mercedes team-mate Nico Rosberg criticised mercedes team-mate. the 29-year-old claimed he selfishly slowed during the middle part of the race, drawing him back into a chasing Sebastian Vettel. but the german insists he is ready for the mercedes team-mate's tactics.
tries from Varndell, Ashley Johnson, Sailosi Tagicakibau and Alapati Leiua secure wasps victory. wasps have won just one of their previous five matches in all competitions. the exiles lost to bath last time out and will finish bottom of the table.
Lewis Hamilton and Nico Rosberg have had their say on the Chinese grand prix. the two drivers have been in a row since the race in china on sunday. the briton claimed his team-mate had been'selfish' by slowing down. he said he was bunched up closer to the attacking Ferrari of Sebastian Vettel.
the 24-year-old is ranked no 2 in the world in the sub-80kg class. he has not competed for GB since missing out on selection for London 2012. he has been granted Moldovan citizenship and will fight for them in 2016.
Raheem sterling has been pictured smoking a shisha pipe with team-mate Jordon Ibe earlier this season. he is not the first premier league star to have been involved in such controversy. here, sportsmail details five other misbehaving stars involved.
the tycoon owns 9.82 per cent of the Glasgow giants. but he is prohibited from going over 10 per cent. two of his closest associates - Derek Llambias and Barry Leach - sat as directors until last month's general meeting.
pictures leaked by a website show a grey away kit for next season. the home kit will feature three grey stripes and yellow trim. the away kit will also feature a greyed-out club badge.
leigh Griffiths scored a 19-minute hat-trick as Celtic beat Kilmarnock 4-1. the win takes them eight points clear at the top of the premiership.
Leicester host Swansea in the premier league on saturday. last week's 3-2 win at west brom handed them a survival lifeline. but boss Nigel Pearson has urged his players to focus on their own jobs.
the 18-time Olympic champion is aiming to compete in a fifth Olympics next year in Rio. he will be competing in his first meet since serving a six-month suspension by USA Swimming after a second drunken driving arrest last fall. but he won't be swimming at the world meet in Russia in august.
Michael Phelps is entered in five events at this week's Arena Pro Swim Series in Mesa, Arizona. it will be his first meet since serving a six-month ban following a drunk-driving conviction. the 29-year-old was suspended last year by USA Swimming after his arrest on drunk driving charges.
president posed with world-class sprinter before striking his signature pose. he praised him saying 'nobody's ever been faster than this guy'.
Juan Mata has collected his player of the month award for march. the striker scored both goals as united beat liverpool 2-1 at anfield. he also produced an impressive display in the 3-0 win over Tottenham.
Emmanuel Adebayor took to twitter to pledge his future to the club. the 31-year-old has rejected reports linking him with a move away. he has made just 16 appearances in all competitions this season.
former goalkeeper believes louis van gaal can bring glory back to old trafford. united head to premier league leaders chelsea on saturday in top form. van der Sar admits title is probably beyond united's grasp this season.
the meticulous boss was stunned to find players could not train after dark at the swish complex on the outskirts of the city. he ordered a raft of improvements including the installation of floodlights. if united are due to play a night match he would prefer them to prepare by training under lights.
the world no 2 will play for her country against Germany in the semi-finals. playing in the team event helps her become eligible for next year's Olympics. the german tennis team will consist of Andrea Petkovic, Angelique Kerber, Sabine Lisicki and Julia Goerges.
the world no 3 married his long-term girlfriend Kim Sears in his hometown of Dunblane on saturday. the 27-year-old posted a humorous series of 'emojis' to his 2.98 million followers on the morning of his big day. the world no 3 will sacrifice a traditional honeymoon to jet off to Barcelona to kick-start his clay court season.
Wolfsburg beat fellow bundesliga side Freiburg 1-0 in the german cup semi-finals. defender Ricardo Rodriguez scored a second-half penalty to secure victory. he also scored twice in the win over Stuttgart at the weekend.
usain Bolt will compete at the IAAF/BTC World Relays in the Bahamas. the six-time Olympic gold medallist will compete as part of the Jamaican team. the full Jamaican team list for the competition will be announced shortly.
Emmanuel Adebayor is out of favour at white hart lane under Mauricio pochettino. the 31-year-old striker is unwilling to take anything less than his current £5.2million salary before accepting a move. togolese forward will enter the final 12 months of his deal this summer.
andre Schurrle scored his first goal since joining from Chelsea in february. the 24-year-old thanked the supporters for their patience as he netted. he admitted not scoring for the german side was 'eating away' at him.
ex-Chelsea defender was nutmegged twice by suarez in the build-up to his second goal. he suffered a hamstring injury 10 days ago but has always been a liability. former boss Glenn Hoddle says he should not play in central defence again.
fans displayed a banner with a Nazi symbol during the club's 3-1 win over arsenal Tula on sunday. the punishment will not take effect until may because Torpedo are already due to play their next two home games behind closed doors. club were also punished after fans abused Zenit St Petersburg striker Hulk with monkey chants.
bayern munich were beaten 3-1 by porto in the champions league quarter-final first leg on wednesday. the german champions flew back to germany on tuesday after suffering a string of injuries and a tired squad. pep guardiola, manuel Neuer and glum-looking Thomas Muller were pictured at the airport ready to board the flight.
Christian Benteke scored a hat-trick as aston villa beat queens park rangers. the striker admits he surprised himself by finding the back of the net. he has scored eight goals in his last six games.
pep guardiola saw his side lose 3-1 against porto on tuesday night. the former barcelona midfielder has a year remaining on his own deal. he is seen as a natural fit given his close relationship with city's executives.
AC Milan has slammed alleged racism towards one of its youth teams as'simply unacceptable' black players of Milan's under-10 team were allegedly subject to heckling and racist abuse during Sunday's 4-0 win over Paris Saint-Germain in the universal cup. 'truly hopes that these reports aren't true or that it was simply a sporadic incident,' says Milan.
kick it out welcomes successful prosecution of a supporter who racially abused former Wales goalkeeper Jason Brown. the organisation sought to answer the player's criticism over the way the incident was handled. brown, 32, welcomed the outcome of the case but criticised a number of bodies, including Kick It Out, the football association and the professional footballers' association.
two goals from Ricardo Quaresma and another from Jackson Martinez saw porto lose 3-1 in the first leg of their champions league quarter-final. porto's record opted for the pun 'Fantasporto' as their headline for the next day, highlighting the club's fantastic performance.
the 27-year-old forward helped Wigan to a 30-20 victory over Warrington. he was given the honour of leading the victory song on his return from a six-month suspension. winger Dom manfredi provided the highlight with his second hat-trick of tries in five days.
Oriol Romeu predicts the scores for the weekend's premier league and FA Cup matches. the on loan midfielder is currently on a season-long loan at Stuttgart.
the 2012 super league man of steel will rejoin his home-town club on a four-year contract from 2016. the announcement was made by Wigan chairman Ian Lenagan at half-time in Thursday night's first utility super league derby with Warrington. 'it's special playing alongside my two brothers - I've played alongside them in Super League but never together,' said the 26-year-old.
agents have helped Kevin Pietersen outplay the ECB without any help. agent Adam Wheatley insists everything has been done in-house since 2012. 'there are always two sides to a story and people now realise this,' he says.
many clubs will be looking to snap up a bargain free transfer this summer. goalscorer Gerhard Tremmel could prove a useful acquisition for newly-promoted side. liverpool's first-choice right-back at the world cup looks set to end his six-year spell at anfield.
former qpr chief Gianni Paladini has registered as a director of a new Bradford City holding company. the italian has previously attempted to buy Birmingham from Carson Yeung. Paladini has been linked with a move to millwall and reading.
Leicester have beaten westham and west brom in their last two games. they still have to play relegation rivals sunderland, burnley and QPR. but Nigel Pearson has taken advice from former manager Howard Wilkinson.
manfredi scored a hat-trick for the second time in five days. the 21-year-old was on most people's lips after he scored a hat-trick. winger Ben Flower made his return from a six-month suspension.
Diafra Sakho tore a thigh muscle during westham's 1-1 draw with Stoke. the 25-year-old is west Ham's runaway top scorer with 12 goals this season. but it appears unlikely the striker will be fit enough to feature.
gareth bale was verbally abused by supporters outside the training ground. the £86million signing was singled out by those waiting for the players to leave. he was given just five out of 10 stars by spanish media after his one-on-one miss.
arsenal face reading in the premier league at wembley on saturday. midfielder is struggling to recover from a groin injury. arsene wenger confirms he may not play again this season.
police were carrying out checks on Jenna Louise Driscoll's phone for suspected drug trafficking when they discovered the three videos. the 25-year-old was due to appear at Brisbane Magistrates Court on Monday but didn't show. she is now wanted by police on seven drug charges, one of unlawful wounding and three charges of bestiality with her dog.
Nicola Salerno has resigned from his role as Leeds' sporting director. the 58-year-old italian was disqualified from having any executive influence at Elland Road until may 4 due to a tax conviction in italy. the departure comes six days after Leeds assistant head coach Steve Thompson was suspended.
the 26-year-old rides well-backed The Druids Nephew. the eight-year-old is a 12-1 shot for the £1million steeplechase. the eight-year-old won on the opening day of last month's festival.
marko arnautovic scored a 95th-minute equaliser to see westham lose points. allardyce's contract expires at the end of the season. but he feels his work at the club is far from done.
aston villa beat spurs 1-0 at white hart lane on saturday. the win increases villa's chances of survival in the premier league. sherwood is renowned for his fiery displays on the touchline.
spanish striker has spent a frustrating season on loan at italian side Napoli. the 29-year-old said he did not know whether he would return to the club. monk will hold talks with Michu before making decision on his future.
atletico madrid drew 2-2 with malaga in la liga on sunday. Fernando Torres scored his first ever league own goal. Antoine Griezmann scored twice to earn the champions a point.
Cristiano Ronaldo's yellow card against Rayo Vallecano has been rescinded. a win for barcelona would put them 'halfway to La Liga', say AS. if barca beat Sevilla, they would be 'halfway to La Liga', say the munich paper.
'if they can get back up to finish positively it will put a different twist on the season,' says manager garry monk. monk is determined to stop former manager Roberto Martinez profiting at his old Liberty Stadium stomping ground. 'Martinez out' and 'Not Good Enough' sprayed on the outside of Goodison park.
Cristiano Ronaldo scored his first free-kick in 57 attempts to give real madrid a 1-0 lead against Eibar. it was the 30-year-old's 38th league goal of the season. javier 'Chicharito' Hernandez scored a second in the 83rd minute.
Iker Casillas kept a clean sheet against Rayo Vallecano on Wednesday night. the spaniard has been subjected to heavy criticism throughout the season. the 33-year-old has regularly been booed by his own supporters.
burnley striker Danny Ings has struggled for goals in recent weeks. the 23-year-old has scored just once in six games for the clarets. but manager Sean Dyche has urged him to enjoy his game.
the patient - known only as Alex S - had all 19 teeth removed over four weeks. he was charged 2,000 euros (£1,435) for the series of operations. dentist - known only as K - claimed to be a'recognised healer' he said he helped the'spiritual self-healing capabilities of his patients'
the 32-year-old says he wants to continue playing Test cricket for as long as possible.'my body, touch wood, has never been better,' he says. he accepts he could be dropped from the 50-over team after world cup.
downton was sacked as ECB managing director after a dismal world cup. he was let go between sessions in the practice game against saint kitts. he was a lovely guy and i feel sorry he’s lost his job.
Moeen will join up with the England squad ahead of the second test. he has recovered quicker than expected from a rib injury. he averaged 38 with a strike-rate of 105 during the world cup.
Andrew Strauss says the Kevin Pietersen affair is a 'distraction' for english cricket. 'it's very important for english cricket to move on from the Kevin Pietersen situation,' says Strauss. 'the story has become more of a distraction than him actually playing. it's become that big,' he says.
Thierry Henry hailed 'the detective' Francis Coquelin for his display in arsenal's 1-0 win over burnley. the former gunners striker said the 23-year-old was his man of the match. coquelin played a key role in Aaron Ramsey's 12th-minute goal.
west Ham drew 1-1 with Stoke in their premier league clash at the etihad. marko arnautovic and mame diouf scored for the visitors in stoppage time. allardyce was left disappointed after seeing his side concede late on.
former england striker sparked debate on BT Sport's Fletch and Sav show. he said he didn't believe Charlie Adam's 66-yard strike was worthy of Goal of the Season. co-anchor and ex-player Robbie Savage waded in following Owen's outburst.
manuel pellegrini has admitted for the first time he could be sacked if he finishes outside the champions league places this season. the premier league champions have lost four of their last five games. city have already talked to borussia dortmund manager Jurgen Klopp two years ago when they were seeking to replace Roberto Mancini.
the disgraced sports reporter has been suspended for a week after a video emerged of her telling a tow company clerk: 'i'm on TV and you're in a f---ing trailer, honey' a month earlier she used similar language to berate an Arkansas attorney and women's rights campaigner on twitter. sparkman remarked: 'i wish there were more women in sports broadcasting that aren't completely sexualized'
Deputy Michael Hubbard from the Spartanburg County Sheriff's Office is seen approaching the woman sitting on the overpass on the I-26. she turns to him and says: 'just looking for my way out and being at peace' he then puts his arms around her and pulls her away from the drop. she struggles and tries to resist, but the officer says: 'Give me your hands, you're not going out like this today'
the second-ranked girls defeated the women of the University of California -Los Angeles by a score of 4 - 3 for the win. in celebrating their big victory, they smashed and broke the trophy.
officer Jeffrey Swett was allegedly run over by William bogard in January. he suffered two broken arms, a broken leg and severe head and neck trauma. the hearing was held so a judge could determine if there is substantial evidence for a trial.
the crowd tried to storm the club Tsunami in the capital Santiago. the crush caused a structure inside the club to fall killing three and injuring a dozen more. seven people are in a critical condition.
experienced canoeist, 54, went missing in the Solent at 11.30am yesterday. he was in contact with partner Michelle Fuller, 49, throughout the day. but when he failed to return home late in the evening she alerted police. coastguard helicopter, rescue teams and lifeboats launched to search.
Jacob Polyakov cracked his head after plunging off the edge of the roof. his friend jamal Maslow, who fell off the roof first, broke his coccyx. witnesses rushed over to the 17-year-olds and found him unconscious.
Sky's high-octane premier league coverage went head-to-head with Arsenal v Reading in the FA Cup semi-final on the BBC. Gary Lineker, Alan Shearer, Jason Roberts and Ian Wright fronted the BBC's coverage. the BBC even gave us a moment of history at half-time with a breakdown, something that used to be a regular feature of TV outside broadcasts.
Newcastle are set to strip Fabricio Coloccini of the club captaincy this summer. head coach John carver says the club will review that position at the end of the season. carver will recommend that Holland defender Daryl Janmaat is rewarded for an impressive first season.
united defeated city 4-2 at old trafford in the premier league on sunday. the champions are considering letting the likes of Yaya Toure and Samir Nasri leave in the summer. winger Ashley Young claimed the fans were the loudest he's ever heard.
Guy Mowbray's notes for Liverpool's 2-0 win against Newcastle were posted. 43-year-old was youngest ever television commentator on a world cup final. he has worked for the BBC since 2004.
reigning world champion won second race in three to start 2015 season. but his celebrations have drawn criticism from a leading group. Object has condemned the behavior of the driver as'selfish and inconsiderate'.
Southampton defender Nathaniel Clyne has been told he is England's first choice right-back by Roy hodgson. the 24-year-old has been linked with a move to manchester united and chelsea. the defender has openly admitted he wants to play in the champions league.
the spider crabs migrate once a year in the Port Phillip Bay area in Southern Victoria. the mobile mounds gather annually from April to July during what is thought to be their mating practice. the full migration is expected to occur in two to five weeks when the water temperature will drop to 14 degrees Celsius.
rodgers has met with sterling to remind him of his role as a role model. but the midfielder has escaped club punishment after being pictured holding a shisha pipe alongside young team-mate Jordon Ibe. the 20-year-old was critcised after being caught on video inhaling nitrous oxide.
former england and manchester united midfielder was in the stands. on-loan Hull player scored two long-range goals in the 16th minute. he crashed home a stunning 25-yard drive after seeing a free-kick saved.
first-half goals from Carlos Tevez and Leonardo Bonucci pushed Juve 15 points clear of second place with only seven games remaining. dismissal of midfielder Danilo Cataldi for heavy tackle on Tevez ended Lazio's run of six consecutive victories.
Ashley Young is willing to take a pay cut in his basic salary to prolong his stay at manchester united. the 29-year-old has revived his career in recent months under louis van gaal. young is now being touted for a return to the England set-up.
pep guardiola was spooked by roman abramovich's habit of hiring and firing managers. the then-barcelona boss was spooked by the habit. he opted to succeed jupp Heynckes at bayern munich.
manuel pellegrini says he is not concerned by mounting pressure over his position. 'it's not logical to sack the manager. I don't think that's the right diagnosis,' says pellegrini. 'we don't know how many weeks. he has a muscle injury,' says pellegrini.
Nico Rosberg claims he has given team-mate Lewis Hamilton psychological advantage after his outburst at the Shanghai gp. but the german admits he would not do anything differently under the circumstances that materialised on sunday. he said: 'it's a thing of the past. i'm here to attack in a race car again'
chelsea host manchester united in the premier league on saturday. the red devils have been dealt a quadruple injury blow with four players out. marouane fellaini is available for the trip to stamford bridge.
manuel pellegrini has admitted he is disappointed by the midfielder's level. but he has vowed to back the 31-year-old until at least the end of the season. sportsmail revealed that city will listen to offers for the midfielder in the summer.
Roma drew 1-1 at home to relegation-threatened atalanta to move level on points with second-placed Lazio on 58 points. the hosts were booed by their own fans as they drew with the relegation-threatened side.
fire crews scoured a burning home in boise, Idaho, searching for people shouting 'Help!' and 'Fire!' Eventually, to their surprise, they found a pair of squawking birds.
Napoli kept their hopes of qualifying for the champions league alive with a comfortable victory against Cagliari. Jose Callejon opened the scoring with a neat one-on-one finish before Antonio Balzano’s own-goal doubled the Partenopei’s advantage. manolo Gabbiadini grabbed a third goal just minutes after coming on to put the game beyond doubt.
Benzema limped out of training on wednesday with a knee problem. the frenchman should be fit for the return game against malaga on tuesday. Benzema has scored 15 goals during the la Liga campaign.
YouTube user Elman511 cracked open an over-sized egg that was laid by one of his hens, exclaiming: ‘the big egg has another normal egg in it!’. it’s caused when the hen is in the process of forming an egg in her oviduct and another oocyte – the ovum or egg cell that becomes the yolk of the egg – is released too soon. ‘that’s the end of the nesting dolls of egg...an egg inside of an
a man fell onto the platform at 15th street station in Philadelphia at 6.40pm on tuesday. bystanders rushed back in shock, but a man in an Eagles jacket ran over and threw himself onto the tracks to save him. the unnamed Good Samaritan pushed the fallen man onto the platform then jumped up after him. within a minute, transport officials arrived to deliver first aid to the men, who are expected to survive any injuries.
the month-old cubs, born march 11, were captured on video at leningrad zoo. they are the fifth brood of mother and father Agnes and rock. the two young cats have both reached an ideal weight of 3kg and their teeth have already started to grow.
a safety light turned on mid-air on a Qantas jet bound for Perth. the aircraft took off shortly after 11am but was back on the tarmac by 12.30pm. passengers will be moved to another flight due to depart on sunday.
Eric Carter, 21, and Stephanie McCassin, 24, have been charged with endangering the welfare of a child after allegedly overdosing on heroin while giving their 3-year-old son a bath. the child's grandmother and primary caretaker, Mary MacDonald, found the parents passed out on the bathroom floor while the child remained in the tub. both have been released on personal recognizance bail.
footage captured by Rumble user Sean C shows Bourbon the Doberman enthusiastically licking a baby boy on the face and nose.
gareth bale suffered a calf strain after less than five minutes at the Bernabeu. he will have further tests on the left calf muscle in the next 24 hours. he faces a race to be fit for the champions league quarter-final.
passport agency made a £42 million profit during the chaos last summer. managers at passport agency received up to £3,500 in bonuses. ministers refused to give blanket refund to families who had to pay extra.
Miranda has admitted he is 'proud' to be linked with a move to man united. but the 30-year-old insists he is happy with life at atletico madrid. defender is said to be on louis van gaal's summer wishlist.
a peckish goat named Clyde balances on a donkey friend in a bid to reach some treetop treats. his front hooves are planted firmly on his pal's back. his horned head is then craned to the branches where he proceeds to nibble up leaves.
the struggling barclays premier league champions know they need more english players in their starting line-up. goalkeeper Joe Hart has often been the only one this season. city also maintain an interest in unsettled forward Raheem Sterling.
Pedro would command £90,000-a-week wages at anfield. the 27-year-old would also cost considerably less than sterling. the world cup winner has attracted interest from arsenal, Chelsea, Manchester city, Real Madrid and Bayern Munich.
the problem affects the 2005 to 2008 models of the Mini Cooper and Cooper S. BMW says it has been notified of one minor injury linked to the defect. the problem is thought to affect ten per cent of the cars being recalled.
fluminense have agreed to sell his economic rights to Giuliano Bertolucci's agency. the blues are favourites to complete the signing of the 19-year-old. a deal is being finalised with fluminense president Peter Siemsen.
Daniel Steele, 25, was arrested at his home in Raleigh not long after the shooting. his girlfriend, Kimberly Dianne Richardson, 25, was rushed to hospital but died in the early hours of Sunday. her baby, a girl, survived and is being cared for at a local hospital.
mats Hummels has been consistently linked with a big-money move to man united. german legend francis Beckenbauer believes the defender is at the right age. the 26-year-old reiterated that he was considering his future at the club.
robin van persie has been out for six weeks with an ankle ligament injury. the 32-year-old has scored 10 goals for united this season. he is a target for Serie a side Juventus and inter milan this summer. united have an interest in psg striker edinson cavani.
former manchester city midfielder will turn 32 next month. he will be offered a new contract by Serie a giants at the end of the season. the 31-year-old scored in city's 2-1 defeat by crystal palace.
mats Hummels has admitted he is considering his future at the club. the 26-year-old has consistently been linked with a big-money move to manchester united. the german centre-back gave an interview last week in which he demanded a stronger team for next season.
arsenal are close to signing argentine wonderkid Maxi Romero. the 16-year-old has been dubbed the next Lionel Messi. the gunners are in advanced talks with Velez Sarsfield for £4.5million.
Shay Given will start for Aston villa against liverpool on sunday. the 38-year-old has played every round of the competition this season. he was dropped for the 1999 final between Newcastle and Manchester united.
steven gerrard is set to start against aston villa at wembley on sunday. the 34-year-old has flitted in and out of the club this season. he will end his long association with the club at the end of this season. manager Brendan rodgers has praised him as 'a special player'.
relegation is a real possibility for the clarets at the bottom of the premier league. but manager Sean Dyche insists his players will not dive or cheat. he claims another manager has urged him to'move with the times'.
Josh Kerr took home the prize for the most impressive wipe-out. the 31-year-old was attempting to surf the notorious 'Box' - a right hand barrel at Margaret River's main break. Adam Melling, Owen Wright and John John Florence also succumbed to the powerful break with extraordinary crashes.
angel di Maria was sent off against arsenal in the FA Cup back in march. the £60million signing missed united's impressive 3-0 win over tottenham. louis van gaal's side have picked up 25 points from their last 10 games.
chambers has enjoyed a fine first season with the gunners. the 20-year-old has already made 36 appearances for the club. chambers signed from Southampton for £16million in the summer.
sherwood wants to wipe any smile from Raheem sterling's face by causing an FA Cup shock vs Liverpool at wembley on sunday. the 20-year-old has been pictured smoking shisha pipes and taking so-called 'hippy crack' through a balloon. sherwood has been a fan of sterling since he was 14 and on the books at queens park rangers.
Jose Mourinho claims it's easier to manage Manchester united than Chelsea. 'it was easier before at Chelsea, but it's more fun like this. More difficult of course. we sold a lot of players, not just Juan Mata,' he said. united will be without Michael Carrick, Phil Jones, Marcos Rojo and daley blind.
'Kid Kulafu' charts Pacquiao's rise from humble beginnings to his first step into the boxing ring. the film opened in Philippine cinemas on Wednesday and will be shown in selected cinemas in the us and canada later this month. 'he's just like every one of us,' director Paul Soriano said at the film's Manila premiere on Tuesday night.
Rafa Nadal beats Lucas Pouille 6-2, 6-1 in the first round of the Monte Carlo Masters. the world no 5 is an eight-time champion at the tournament but hasn't won the tournament since 2012. he will face either John Isner or viktor troicki in the third round.
Milos Raonic and 19-year-old Nick Kyrgios will make their debuts at the Aegon Championships at queen's club this summer. the duo will join Nadal, Andy Murray, Stan Wawrinka, Marin Cilic and defending champion Grigor Dimitrov at queen's.
the 21-year-old became the first player ever to reach 19 under par at Augusta. he eventually won with an 18-under total and a bogey on the 18th prevented him adding the 72-hole scoring record to the 36 and 54-hole records he set on friday and Saturday. he also became the second youngest champion behind Tiger Woods.
massa says he is performing as good as he was in 2008, a season he challenged for the title. the british driver is confident he has silenced his critics following his storming start to the new formula one season. massa finished 5th at the Shanghai grand prix last week and currently sits 4th in the standings.
Novak Djokovic beat Albert Ramos-Vinolas 6-1 6-4. world number one will face Andreas Haider-Maurer in third round. world number seven also through after his opponent retired with shoulder injury.
the singles champions will each receive 1.8m euros (£1.3m). this is 150,000 euros more than Rafael Nadal and Maria Sharapova picked up last year. but the tournament, held at Roland Garros, remains the grand Slam with the lowest prize for the singles champion.
many Clouds won the 2015 Crabbie's Grand National at Aintree. the 25-1 shot is the first hennessy gold cup winner to land the prestigious prize. trainer Oliver Sherwood had previously saddled four National runners. none had even completed the course prior to his eight-year-old’s hard-fought defeat of the gallant Saint Aire.
the 23-year-old was a 'podium girl' at the Chinese grand prix in china. she was pictured grimacing as he sprayed champagne at her face. but she said she didn't think much about the stunt and wasn't annoyed. 'i was told by my employer to stand on the podium, and that’s what I did,' she said.
arsenal captain Mikel Arteta is out of contract in the summer. the 33-year-old is expected to agree a 12-month extension. the spaniard is confident it will take just 'five minutes' to finish a deal.
sportsmail's Marcus Townend and Sam Turner cast their eye over the 39-strong field for the grand national. will AP McCoy's glittering career conclude with a fairytale victory for favourite Shutthefrontdoor? or will one of the other contenders take their place in history?
Lewis Hamilton says his champagne-spraying of a grid girl after the Chinese grand prix was 'a fun thing'. the incident drew widespread criticism from an anti-sexism group. grid girl Liu Siying defends Hamilton, saying 'i did not think too much about it at all'.
AP McCoy will retire if his mount wins the £1million Crabbie’s Grand National. jockey has been champion jockey every year since he first won the title in 1997. 'if everyone has gone to bed thinking the dream will happen, I can promise you nobody has been dreaming more than me'
big-hitting batsman has nine caps since his debut against india last august. but he has played in only five of England's subsequent 18 matches. the 26-year-old is hoping for more continuity when they resume their ODI schedule this summer.
Billy Vunipola has been cited for striking mathew Tait with his head. the incident occurred during Saracens' 22-6 win over Leicester. the case will be heard by a three-man panel on Tuesday.
australia hooker Nathan Charles has been diagnosed with cystic fibrosis. the life-threatening illness affects the lungs, pancreas, liver, kidneys and intestine. the 26-year-old has earned four international caps for the wallabies.
the 25-times-capped centre is now also a doubt for the world cup. he hasn't played since picking up his latest injury on duty against Ireland in the final game of the six nations last month. his injury could leave Scotland coach vern cotter with a big gap to fill at centre.
red bull's Cyril Abiteboul has promised to fix the power-unit problems. red bull team principal Christian Horner is unhappy with the situation. red bull owner dietrich Mateschitz threatened to pull out of formula one.
ballance scored 122 as England took control of the first test in antigua. it was the mainstay of their 333-7 victory over the west indies. ballance's century is his fourth in nine Tests.
Gary Ballance's hundred looks to have closed the door on an England return for Kevin Pietersen in the near future. former captain Andrew Flintoff believes Pietersen is now ‘running out of time’ to resurrect his Test career. he will be 35 on June 27 before the home Ashes series starts.
Mustafa Kamal resigned after voicing his disquiet at umpire decisions. he was unhappy with umpire decisions in his country's defeat to india. he resigned after voicing his disquiet at umpire decisions.
new Orleans pelicans beat the San Antonio Spurs 108-103 on wednesday. it was the pelicans' first play-off berth since 2011. the pelicans will make their play-off debut against the golden state warriors.
arsenal beat reading 1-0 in extra time to reach the final of the fa cup. the defending champions fought their way through despite garath McCleary's goal. arsenal goalkeeper Adam Federici left the field in tears at the final whistle.
England declared just before tea, leaving west indies a hefty target (503). but the home side’s lower order hung on — with Sulieman Benn batting as high as nine. BRUISER BUTTLER smashed a loopy ball from marlon Samuels straight into his team-mate’s arm.
the 25-year-old has been one of the standout performers for Southampton. he has struggled to gain the international recognition many of his colleagues have received. a call-up had been predicted for England's internationals against Lithuania and Italy last month, but hodgson plumped for Leighton Baines, Kieran Gibbs and Luke Shaw.
Southampton have already levelled the premier league points tally of 56. the club have five points to claw back on the reigning champions. but manager Ronald Koeman believes they must win their last six games.
moha el ouriachi is set to sign for Stoke, according to his agent. the 19-year-old has already signed Bojan Krkic and Marc Muniesa. defender muniesa has not featured since tearing a hamstring in the FA Cup defeat at blackburn in february.
a £10m bid could tempt palace into selling winger Yannick Bolasie. but pardew insists the club's leading assets do not want to leave. winger scored a hat-trick against sunderland last week.
Filip Djuricic has been ruled out of the game with an ankle injury. defender Florin Gardos has been struggling with an unspecified knock. keeper Fraser Forster is out for at least the season after undergoing knee surgery.
'the impact that Harry has had on english football is massive,' says Mauricio Pochettino. 'i think that Hazard is a very good player, he's fantastic, a great player. but the impact that Harry has had on english football is massive,' says pochettino. pochettino defends club's decision to play one off pre-season game against the MLS All Stars in Colorado.
leigh Griffiths has scored a hat-trick for Celtic this season. the 24-year-old admits he had to improve at the start of the season. 'i was brought to Celtic to score goals and I have started to do that since the turn of the year,' he says.
defender signed six-and-a-half year deal with west ham last month. the 26-year-old had been linked with the likes of arsenal and tottenham. but he believes he can fulfil all of his ambitions at the club.
west ham lost 4-2 to rivals manchester united at the weekend. manuel pellegrini's side are now fourth in the premier league table. a stoppage-time goal conceded at home to Stoke denied them a third league win of 2015.
Rangers drew 1-1 with livingston at the energy assets arena last week. they now face hibernian in the play-offs on tuesday night. but they could drop points if they win their game in hand.
Lucas has been at anfield for eight years and holds the unwanted record of playing more games for Liverpool without winning a major trophy than anyone else in 50 years. he missed the 2012 League Cup final and two other Wembley appearances that year with a serious knee injury. the 28-year-old says he has been dreaming about winning the cup.
a labour government will enforce a premier league pledge to invest in grassroots. the move could unlock £400 million to nurture the next generation of stars. the league puts £168million into grassroots sport, but this represents only a fraction of the £5billion it has taken in from TV deals between 2013 and 2016.
jonny howson put his side ahead early in the second half. the midfielder smashed home to keep his side in the automatic promotion places. the 26-year-old won a first-half penalty after being bundled over by current Leeds skipper Liam Cooper.
Simon Mignolet insists he cannot choose between winning the FA Cup and finishing in the top four. the reds face aston villa in the semi-finals on sunday. the belgian goalkeeper insists he has two things to play for.
chelsea host manchester united in the premier league on saturday. manuel pellegrini's side have lost six of their last eight games. the blues are 11 points clear at the top of the table.
jose mourinho has assured jurgen Klopp he is not coming to take his job. the german has been tipped to make the move to the premier league. but he admits he has no idea where Klopp will end up.
leigh Griffiths scored a hat-trick as Celtic came from behind to beat Kilmarnock. the striker took just 19 minutes to score a treble that takes Celtic ever closer to a clean sweep of domestic honours. manager Ronny Deila said the striker's desire to prove himself wrong should serve as an example to any player left out of his starting xi.
porto beat bayern munich 2-0 in the first leg of the champions league quarter-final first leg on tuesday. porto boss pep guardiola says his side suffered with the injuries they are currently contending with in the squad. porto boss Julen Lopetegui says his side can now dream of reaching the semi-finals but they will need to be 'perfect' in the second leg.
manchester united beat city 4-2 in the premier league on sunday. marouane Fellaini was public enemy no 1 last season. ander Herrera's lack of composure saw him start just one game.
Emmanuel Adebayor posted a video of himself performing a strange dance in front of the Arc de Triomphe on his official Instagram account. the togo international has one year left to run on his current contract at white hart lane. but his inconsistent form has led to few assurances over his future.
the rodrigo de freitas lake is scheduled to hold the 2016 Olympics rowing and canoe competitions. the lake is littered with dead fish due to raw sewage and rubbish within it. officials say the recent problems are the result of recent rains and high sea levels, which caused the lake's water temperature to plummet.
lazio have won eight games in a row in Serie A. a win would cut the gap to nine points with seven games remaining. lazio have scored 18 goals and conceded just one in their last six games.
manchester united beat city 4-2 in the premier league on saturday. smalling scored his fourth goal of the season in a 4-2 derby win. he has now scored four goals in the premier league this season.
liverpool host anfield in the premier league on monday night. the reds are seven points behind fourth-placed Manchester city. but they have a game in hand on their rivals.
Mamadou Sakho limped off in the 28th minute against blackburn on tuesday. the french defender was replaced by Kolo Toure in the 28th minute. rodgers' side face Newcastle united at anfield on monday night.
'irresponsible' riders breached safety barrier as train approached. one rider from the Belgian Lotto team was clipped by a barrier. a police motorcycle was in place to stop more riders going through.'millions of television viewers saw live this extremely grave and irresponsible action which could have been tragic,' said SNCF.
Jordon Ibe damaged his knee ligaments against besiktas on february 26. the 19-year-old is set to sign a new long-term deal at the etihad stadium. he could come straight back into the starting line-up against Newcastle.
a resurgent Kimi Raikkonen sees no reason why Ferrari cannot win this year's formula one world title race. the 35-year-old finished fourth in the last two races of the season. he is confident his team can catch and beat their german rivals.
Sergio Aguero scored after eight minutes to give city the lead. but they were blitzed by manchester united in a 4-2 defeat at old trafford. mario balotelli tweeted: 'yeeeeees city @aguerosergiokun!!! 1-0 OLD TRAFFORD...Stand up and shut up'.
Manny Pacquiao will fight Floyd Mayweather in Las Vegas on may 2. the fight is reportedly worth £300million (£205million) and has generated so much interest, the cheapest tickets are going at around £1,000.
united are favourites to sign burnley striker Danny Ings this summer. the reds were prepared to exploit a premier league loophole to guarantee a transfer in the summer. ings has scored nine goals in his first season in the premier league.
Carlton Cole and Nathaniel Clyne attended 'football fighting Ebola' event. the event was a fundraising reception for the charity, founded by Cole and Godfrey Torto. pictures from the event were shared on the charity's facebook page.
boxer was joined by fitness fanatics as he ran around Griffith park. the 36-year-old was joined by his pet dog as he continued to train. he was also tested on his core strength and showed off his footwork.
united defeated city 4-2 in their premier league clash at old trafford. van gaal was at the go-to restaurant for footballers and celebrities. he was pictured with players Toni duggan and Isobel Christiansen. the pair were joined by everton's Michelle Hinnigan at Wing's.
the NYSE's opening and closing bells mark the start and end of each trading day. many of the bell-ringers have been business executives who actively trade on the exchange. entertainers, athletes and politicians are sometimes invited to take part as a special guest.
Stuart Pearce believes manuel Pellegrini should be given more time to turn city around. the 61-year-old believes the club are at a stature now where they look to continually be in the champions league and win premier leagues. pearce blames the fading influence of Ivorian Yaya Toure for city's poor run of form.
the 27-year-old made his first appearance since he punched St Helens' Lance Hohaia in the opening moments of last season's Grand Final. he said: 'for the fans to stick by me like that is a credit to them'
spaniard has managed some of the continent's most established clubs since leaving Valencia just over a decade ago. he has amassed a grand total of zero league titles. when he left there were few regrets over his departure. he brought in the hapless Djimi Traore and Milan Baros.
ayoze perez was brought down in the 38th minute by dejan lovren. sky sports pundit Gary Neville could not believe Mason did not award a penalty. he said: 'it was an absolute stonewall penalty. the gasp in the ground, Lovren just kicks him right in the knee'
Falkirk beat Hibernian 1-0 in the Scottish Cup semi-final at Hampden park. a header from Craig Sibbald broke the deadlock with a stooping header in the 75th minute. it was the first time a Falkirk player had scored a goal against Hibs this season.
Ben Gibson was a kid in the playground when his dad's brother was splashing the cash on Juninho, Alen Boksic and Gaizka Mendieta. his uncle, Boro chairman Steve Gibson, helped save the club from liquidation in 1986 and eight years later took control. but six consecutive seasons outside of the premier league has proved a financial strain. the 22-year-old is dreaming of a return to the premier league.
two points separate four teams, with four games remaining. to drop points would almost certainly mean to drop out of the race for the two automatic slots to the barclays premier league. middlesbrough are fourth going into the visit of Wolves.
west brom beat crystal palace 2-0 at the hawthorns on saturday. midfielder Craig Gardner scored a spectacular second-half strike. the baggies now sit eight points clear of the relegation zone.
Odion Ighalo gave the visitors the lead after just four minutes. defender Matthew Connolly doubled their lead with a second half header. almen abdi scored a third goal to make sure of the points.
manchester united thrashed rivals city 2-0 at old trafford on sunday. united now sit four points ahead of their neighbours at the top of the table. they are just one point adrift of premier league leaders arsenal. here's how sportsmail rated each player.
a 10-year-old fan will no longer be a mascot for Reading in the semi-final. he won the chance to walk out at wembley when the royals beat Huddersfield in the third round on their way to meeting arsenal. a poll in getreading revealed 85% of readers felt he should not lead out at wembley.
midfielder Alexander Tettey opened the scoring for the hosts after eight minutes. the uruguayan equalised for the home side with a header from close range. aitor karanka's side could be overtaken by Bournemouth at the weekend.
city host west ham at the etihad stadium on sunday in the premier league. a champions league spot is still in doubt with just four points to play. former manager says they should be winning the premier league.
four players chose to wear gloves for the derby at old trafford. temperatures in the north west hit between six and eight degrees Celsius. but was it enough to compete as a top athlete for 90 minutes? Probably not.
sportsmail revealed earlier this week that the premier league champions will listen to offers for the midfielder. but toure will fight for his City career this summer despite the club pondering his future. the 31-year-old has more than two years left on his current £220,000-a-week deal.
former city midfielder dietmar hamann believes Klopp is the ideal fit. the 47-year-old announced his departure from borussia dortmund on tuesday. manuel Pellegrini could be on his way out after a poor season.
there is not a British manager capable of restoring english clubs to the final stages of the champions league. there are no British teams in the quarter finals of the competition. but he believes his friend and former team-mate Ryan Giggs could lead Manchester united into the latter stages if he is given the chance to succeed Louis van gaal.
Craig Cathcart scored in the 56th minute to put Watford top of the championship with just two games remaining. a double change from manager Slavisa Jokanovic in the 54th minute was to prove the catalyst for his side taking the lead. a win would take them back into the automatic promotion places after a win at middlesbrough on friday.
the former Chelsea man was brought back from injury in the first half. he was replaced by fellow defender and captain Thiago Silva. the night went from bad to worse when he took the pitch after 21 minutes. a rampant suarez scored an impressive double at Luiz's expense.
manuel pellegrini should be given chance to 'correct the things that have gone wrong', according to Gary Neville. the former man united defender has been critical of the club's recent form. but he says he hopes he stays to 'correct the things that have gone wrong'.
Huddersfield have dropped from third to ninth after losing all three games. but coach Paul Anderson is hoping to kick-start his side's misfiring attack. 'there's no hiding away from the fact we are a very good defensive team,' says Anderson.
Antolin Alcaraz and Sylvain Distin's current deals expire this summer. both centre-backs have played more for the under-21s than the first team. everton boss Roberto Martinez is keen to advance the talents of younger players.
everton striker Romelu Lukaku is set to return from a four-week absence with a hamstring injury this weekend. the 21-year-old has struggled to find his form in the first half of the season after the world cup in brazil. but manager Roberto Martinez admits he would not be able to ease him through the remainder of the season even if he wanted to.
unbeaten championship leaders leigh delivered a stunning knockout blow as Super League club Salford crashed out of the ladbrokes challenge cup. the Centurions twice came from behind in thrilling fashion to beat the red Devils 22-18 in front of a 6,358 crowd. the build-up to the fifth-round tie was dominated by the selection by leigh of former England forward gareth Hock despite an agreement not to play against his old club.
the country's government is keen to boost the nation's international profile. the tournament has only ever been hosted by the major countries - australia, new Zealand, France and Great Britain. the 16th rugby league world cup is expected to be named in October 2016.
united moved four points clear of their cross-city rivals in third place. van gaal thanked supporters for their patience after the derby win. he said it is a great time to be a united supporter right now.
united beat city 4-2 at old trafford on sunday to move four points clear. a champions league return now looks all but assured for united. manchester city have gone from joint top on new year's day to 12 points off the leaders.
england's players aren't competing in enough Twenty20 competitions. 'there's such a heavy schedule of Test matches guys don't get a chance to play domestic T20,' says hales. 'with the quality of the squad that we had there's no excuse not to make it out of the group stages'
manuel pellegrini's side lost 4-2 to manchester united at old trafford. graeme souness and graeme souness also criticised the ivorian. 'there is definitely going to be change at Manchester city, whether it's players, the manager, people above. Certainly some players,' says sky sports pundit.
Kevin Pietersen has not featured for England since being sacked 14 months ago. the batsman scored 170 in his first red-ball innings for Surrey since 2013. former england star Andrew Flintoff fears he is 'running out of time'.
england captain alastair cook's stock is at a new high for the t20 domestic format. the under-pressure cook is at a much lower ebb as his quest for a long overdue Test century brought him two more failures at the top of the order. former team-mate and 2009 ashes-winner Andrew Flintoff has called on the english public to show their love for the NatWest Twenty20 Blast.
Michael Vaughan has been heavily linked with the newly created role of Director of England cricket. he is currently in the west indies working as part of the BBC's commentary team. but he praised captain alastair cook in the commentary box moments before he was dismissed in the second innings.
bastian Schweinsteiger and Franck Ribery will miss porto's champions league quarter-final first leg. defenders benatia, alaba, Martinez and Robben have already been sidelined. jerome Boateng is back in the squad after a minor muscle problem.
Defeat against west indies is simply unthinkable for captain alastair cook. there has been so much happening, from the demise of Paul Downton, to speculation surrounding the new director of cricket and the ever-present spectre of Kevin Pietersen, that the imminent first Test has barely registered. Jimmy Anderson’s 100th appearance and his chances of securing the four victims he needs to overtake Sir Ian Botham would dominate the agenda.
sir vivian Richards believes James Anderson will be remembered as an England great and a worthy heir to Sir Ian Botham. four wickets in the game would take Anderson past Botham's national record of 383 Test wickets. 'he ranks with the great english fast bowlers, with the Bob Willises, the Ian Bothams and folks like that,' said Richards.
manchester city lost 4-2 to united at old trafford on sunday. manuel pellegrini's job is in jeopardy following the derby defeat. city are four points clear of their rivals in the race for a Champions League place.
manchester city are planning a mega-bid to sign Raheem Sterling. the reigning premier league champions are a primary target this summer. the transfer window officially opens on July 1 but deals can be discussed prior to that date.
daley blind played his part in united's 4-2 derby win over city on sunday. the 25-year-old has hailed a team talk from skipper Wayne Rooney. blind has urged united to focus on the end of the season.
defender mehdi benatia ruled out for up to four weeks with hamstring injury. arjen Robben and Franck Ribery, bastian Schweinsteiger, David Alaba and Javi Martinez also sidelined. 'without Arjen Robben and Franck Ribery, we are a different team,' says pep guardiola.
angel di Maria and Radamel falcao were left on the bench by louis van gaal. argentine di Maria came on in the 81st minute to replace marouane fellaini. van gaal has managed three players who were so central to the downfall of moyes 12 months ago.
Jimmy Anderson needs just three wickets to equal botham's record haul of 383. he was known as the 'pro killer' during his days with burnley, reveals former team-mate and now club chairman Michael Brown. 'i didn't necessarily think he'd be the bowler he is today but there was just something about him,' says former player development manager.
Kevin Pietersen scored 170 off 149 deliveries in his first game for Surrey since the LV= County Championship in June 2013. the 34-year-old's only hope of playing for England again is to score lots of runs for Surrey – wind, rain or shine.
liverpool lost 2-1 to aston villa in the premier league on saturday. it was the first defeat in an FA Cup semi-final since 1990. manager Brendan rodgers admitted his side must improve.
Obbi Oulare scored as club brugge beat anderlecht on sunday. the 19-year-old is being watched by scouts from a number of top clubs. he is the son of former Guinea international Souleymane Oulare.
Adam Federici spilled a routine shot into his own net in extra-time. the australian squirmed the ball through his legs and slowly towards the goal line. the incident was reminiscent of Robert Green's error in the 2010 world cup opener against the us.
Burton Albion beat morecambe 2-1 on saturday to progress to league two. but rookie manager Jimmy Floyd Hasselbaink wants to finish on top. 'we want to be No 1 and the fans want to stay there as winners,' he said.
a preliminary hearing to determine if there is enough evidence to send the case to trial is scheduled for Monday. a lawyer working for Kassick's family who has seen the video said it 'leaves nothing to the imagination'.
Ashley Shupe claims her son has been bullied for more than a year. claims he has tried to choke himself, throw himself from a height, and stop eating. claims he was diagnosed with clinical depression a month into the alleged attacks.
music streaming service Spotify has analysed 2.8 million'sleep' playlists. sheeran's Thinking Out Loud features as the top song people fall asleep to. the 24-year-old singer-songwriter also features six times on the list.
crystal McNaughton from Long Beach, California, filmed the moment her newborn son Paul started welling up to a rousing song from Glee.
Steven Gerrard looked glum at the club after being knocked out of the FA Cup. he spent the evening in the VIP room with friends after the defeat. there will be no birthday FA Cup final for him on may 30. the captain has just six games left to play in a red shirt.
doncaster drew 0-0 with Fleetwood Town at the keepmoat stadium. the media team had to stick up the match highlights on the club's YouTube channel. a must-see video for all football fans.
lionel messi has scored 32 hat-tricks for barcelona this season. he can't remember all of them despite keeping a match ball from every game. the 27-year-old will lead the line for barca when they face PSG on tuesday.
stars including angel di Maria, Pablo Zabaleta and Marcos Rojo embraced as they dined at the popular San Carlo Italian restaurant. united players had just returned from a disappointing 1-0 defeat by premier league leaders Chelsea on Saturday. united goalkeeper Victor Valdes was also present as another Spanish-speaker, greeting fellow goalkeeper Willy Cabellero outside the restaurant.
Capel Path finished third to Desert Force in the Dubai Duty Free Full of Surprises Handicap. but it was the Queen’s Hannon-trained two-year-old Ring of Truth who got away. the 7-1 shot, making her debut in the five furlong Al Basti Equiworld Maiden Stakes, took time to understand what was required of her.
allotment gardeners were moved by oldham council to new allotments. old prize-winning site has been bulldozed to make way for car park and football pitches. but gardeners say soil at new site is so poor they can't grow a bean. they are demanding that the council pay out compensation for the problems.
west Ham's James Collins accidentally lobbed his goalkeeper trying to clear a cross at the weekend. but the ball drifted nonchalantly into his own net. jordanian striker mohammad Shatnawi's effort will be considered one of the strangest own goals ever.
striker was caught having drunken sex with a female supporter in the dugout. he was dismissed after the sex clip of his tryst was shared on social media. his girlfriend, 25-year-old Bryony Hibbert, has slammed those responsible.
de Gea and Valdes enjoyed a relaxing time at a theme park on tuesday. the pair donned sunglasses as they enjoyed a relaxing time in the sun. it comes just days after united's impressive derby win against city.
Christy Mack, 23, suffered 18 broken bones, a broken nose, a ruptured kidney, a ruptured liver, missing teeth, and a fractured rib. she is still undergoing reparative dental work - while fighting to see MMA fighter Jonathan Paul Koppenhaver, 33, convicted of attempted murder.
england captain caught on camera holidaying in barbados with girlfriend. the couple shared a boating picture via instagram earlier this month. 'being papped is not something we welcomed or wanted,' says captain.
italian striker enjoyed a day out at adventure park Go Ape in Cheshire. he came on as a second-half substitute in the 2-0 win against Newcastle. the former sunderland loanee took to social media to share pictures.
midfielder took to social media to thank fans for coming to support him. the 23-year-old hasn't played for the first team since picking up an injury. he will be hoping to return to the first team for the season run-in.
Christian Eriksen was pictured kissing girlfriend Sabrina Kvist Jensen. the couple have been together almost three years and couldn't keep their hands off each other. the midfielder hasn't scored since netting in a 3-0 win over west brom in January.
a video of the cast being removed has been posted on his instagram account. the Austrian international has suffered knee ligament damage. he is now looking to step up his recovery and return to fitness.
great grey owl stalked the rodent from treetops in Ontario, canada, before launching its attack. photographer marc latremouille captured this particular encounter during one of his photography workshops.
witnesses told police that three gunmen stormed the dark and gritty site where Corinthians' fan group Pavilhao 9 meets. they ordered the victims to lie face down on the ground and shot seven in the head. an eighth man was shot but tried to escape, reached a gas station and was later taken to a nearby hospital where he died. police say the killings are not related to any football rivalry.
if city slip out of the top four they could lose star man Sergio Aguero. the argentine has scored 100 goals in just 158 appearances for city. he scored against QPR in 2012 and is now settled in the uk.
ankit keshri died after colliding with a team-mate during a club match. the 20-year-old suffered a cardiac arrest following on-field injury. he was only playing as a substitute fielder in a senior one-day match.
inverness beat 10-man Celtic 3-2 in extra-time to reach the final of the William Hill Scottish Cup. defender David Raven scored the winning goal four minutes from the end of extra-time. the 30-year-old hailed his goal as 'a dream come true' ahead of the final against falkirk.
serafim todorov is the last man to beat Floyd Mayweather in the boxing ring. the 45-year-old beat the american in the 1996 Olympic games in Atlanta. todorov now lives on a £370-a-month handout from the bulgarian government.
the freelance presenter posted a photo of herself and a friend in blackface make-up almost three months ago. she wrote that the costume was as a light-hearted tribute to a friend who was working on 'i'm a celebrity... get me out of here!' the photo was part of a competition which asked viewers to dress up as their favourite sports star. 'No harm intended, just wanted to give our hardworking friend a giggle,' she wrote on Instagram.
a quadriplegic, former Indy Racing League driver got a chance to drive on the Long Beach Grand Prix track Sunday thanks to the creators of a modified 2014 Corvette C7 Stingray. when Sam Schmidt became paralyzed from the neck down after crashing during testing in Orlando in 2000, his team thought he would never walk, let alone, drive again. Schmidt completed the difficult task with the help of a semi-autonomous motorcar, or SAM car.
evacuation orders lifted just before dawn for about 300 homes in an area along the border of the cities of Norco and Corona, about 35 miles southeast of downtown los angeles. by midday, fire officials said they had contained 25 per cent of the fire, which had grown to 1.5 square miles. the fire burned in the Prado Dam Flood Control Basin, where vegetation has not burned in decades.
a masked gunman who fired eight shots in a shopping mall remains on the run in Sydney's west hours after police started the manhunt. it is believed the incident took place shortly after 2pm, when the man fired a series of shots into the air outside before he fled the scene. a police spokeswoman told daily mail australia an arrest is yet to be made.
the tree fell onto a car driven by a woman in her 60s, killing her. the woman was the only occupant of the vehicle. police still have to determine who owns the tree and is responsible for its upkeep.
Islamic State have released a new set of disturbing propaganda photos showing off their growing number of military markets in Iraq and Syria. the extremist group have already started to convert local markets to supply the growing number of barbarous jihadis in their ranks. even young children appear to be allowed to browse through the market, with some of the children wearing their own miniature uniforms.
'Rich' who lives in Humpty Doo, northern territory, detailed his dream girl on gumtree. the 31-year-old described himself as 'athletic build, white, heavily tattooed brown hair, brown eyes, don't drink, don't smoke, love cars, bikes, very independant'. the hopeless romantic also stated former partners need not apply.
a fire took a family's home in dekalb county, georgia, early on monday. Kalimah Dixon said she managed to get her children, aged one to 14, out safely. but all that was left of the condo was a pile of rubble, and she is asking for help. while she rented the condo, she quit working to enroll full time in school. now she is finding it difficult to get a lease while being unemployed.
JC Jackson, 19, of Immokalee, Florida, entered an acquaintance's apartment with two men, police said. one of the other men allegedly pulled out a gun and demanded money and drugs. police said they took two video game consoles, marijuana and $382 from the apartment's three residents.
the clip, posted to Instagram and quickly deleted, show the singer sitting at a table with what looks like a slim white tube in her hands. after the camera cuts to her friends, it then pans back to Rihanna holding her nose for several seconds.
the 16-year-old was part of the team that won the UEFA Youth League. he has made eight appearances in the premier league and nine in the youth league this season. former arsenal and england striker Ian Wright took to twitter to praise him.
in a leaked email, Cameron Crowe mocks Bruce Jenner's alleged gender transition. this while the director was discussing his upcoming film Aloha with former studio head Amy Pascal. this as it was revealed that only Khloe Kardashian initially supported him through his transition.
Jose Mourinho is reportedly planning a summer swoop for atletico madrid midfielder Koke. the 23-year-old signed a long-term deal with atletico last year. but he could offer second-choice left-back Filipe Luis to his former club.
pep guardiola has blamed a long injury list for his side's defeat at porto. he blamed a lack of recovery rates on a lengthening injury list. but doctor Hans-Wilhelm Muller-Wohlfahrt quits after a reported rift.
pep guardiola has denied claims of a rift with the former Bayern Munich doctor. the 72-year-old quit the club after 'being blamed' for defeat by porto. he claimed 'the bond of trust is damaged' after the 3-1 defeat.
Frankie gavin is set to be handed a shot at Kell Brook’s IBF welterweight world title at the O2 on may 30. talks have been held between the parties and an announcement could be made as early as Friday. the 29-year-old is the only englishman to have won a world amateur title.
andre Ward and Carl Froch have been ordered to meet in a unification fight. the british super-middleweight champion will fight in the uk. amir Khan's dad says he is 'disrespectful' of eddie hearn. click here for more boxing news.
aston villa beat liverpool 2-1 at wembley in the premier league on tuesday. american owner Randy Lerner missed the game because of a family bereavement. he is expected to make the final against his old club arsenal on may 30.
flight centre founder and BRW rich list alumni geoff Harris put the port Melbourne home up for auction. 63-year-old self-made millionaire accepted the hefty offer for his four-bedroom home from a couple at auction on Saturday. he is now one of the co-directors of the hugely popular tour group.
Izzy Brown played the full 90 minutes of Chelsea's 4-0 semi-final win over Roma. he was on the bench for the premier league clash at queens park rangers. but just hours later he scored twice in the 3-2 final win over Shakhtar Donetsk. the 18-year-old captain has spoken of the incredible weekend.
villagers in ansai, in central china, dug a 46m well to get fresh drinking water. but when they pumped it to surface they found it was so polluted it could be set on fire. locals said they could smell petrol and gas coming from the well. they blamed the pollution on a leak from a local gas station. but local officials say they are conducting an investigation to discover the cause.
Zinedine Zidane says real are monitoring the world's best young players. the winger has rejected an offer of £100,000 a week to extend his stay. he has attracted interest from premier league rivals manchester city and chelsea.
denis cuspert, 39, dubbed the 'goebbels of ISIS', has released a music video. he sings about planning attacks in Britain, Germany and France. in the slick three-minute video he sings: 'in France deeds were done, in Germany the sleepers are waiting. we want your blood'
scouts are due to watch Mauro Icardi against Verona at the weekend. the argentine has turned down Inter's latest contract offer. the 22-year-old is reportedly on an £11,000-a-week salary and is looking to increase that to £43,000 a week.
aston villa beat liverpool 2-1 at wembley in the premier league on saturday. the win ended the dream of winning the trophy on his birthday. villa boss sherwood said his team 'bamboozled' the reds. he paid tribute to Christian Benteke, Fabian Delph and Jack Grealish.
gareth bale lasted just a few minutes before limping off against malaga. the Welsh forward has a calf injury and will be evaluated. los blancos are also without Croatian midfielder Luka Modric.
Jonathas scored his 10th goal of the season to give Elche a 1-0 win. the striker took advantage of a defensive blunder by real Sociedad. Xabi Prieto had the opportunity to equalise but shot over the bar.
bulldog puppy tries to get the better of a washing basket. erratically jumps onto the basket and forces it over onto its base. suddenly the basket falls onto its side sending her and some clothes onto the floor.
Nottingham forest are keen on signing blackburn striker Jordan Rhodes. the 25-year-old has scored 70 goals in the last three seasons. blackburn have so far resisted all bids for the forward.
striker was filmed having sex with a supporter in manager's dugout. the 24-year-old could be heard laughing on the mobile phone footage. he was dismissed after the sex clip of his tryst was shared on social media.
Tayfun Korkut has been sacked by Hannover after 13 games without a win. the 51-year-old has signed a contract valid for the remaining five matches. he is returning to the league as coach for the first time since 2011, when he was fired by borussia moenchengladbach.
former blackburn winger hopes to emulate 'class of 92' generation. city under 18s take on west london side in first leg of FA Youth Cup final. first leg will take place at newly-opened 7,200-capacity stadium.
Lucas Matthysse won a majority decision against Ruslan Provodnikov in a 12-round super lightweight bout on Saturday night. Matthysse landed the majority of the punches in the first round and opening a cut near Provodnikov's left eye early in the second. provodnikov (24-3) put Matthysse on the ropes late in the third round and landed two hard right hook-left hook combo
Derry Mathews beats Tony Luis 114-112, 114-112, 115-112. mathews saw Richar Abril twice pull out of a fight due to illness. Ismael Barroso was forced to pull out after failing to obtain a visa.
Podolski says he wants to play for parent club arsenal next season. the 29-year-old joined the Serie a side on loan from inter in january. he has failed to score in 12 appearances since arriving in italy.
Terence Crawford defeated Thomas Dulorme in the sixth round on saturday. the fight was Crawford's first since moving up in class. the 27-year-old Puerto Rican is now 26-0 with 18 knockouts.
paddy Barnes and michael conlan will take on native opposition in maiquetia, Venezuela. the pair are one win away from qualifying for next summer's olympics. they have fought only three of their six bouts so far in italy.
Nicola Adams is hoping to become a double Olympic gold medallist in Rio. former team-mate Natasha Jonas announced her retirement from boxing on April 7. the 32-year-old will return to an english ring for the first time since her London 2012 triumph at the national championships in liverpool next week.
Caroline Wozniacki congratulated golf sensation Jordan Spieth on twitter. the 24-year-old was forced to defend herself following the win. but the tennis star was quick to ensure fans it wasn't a dig at her former love interest.
Gael monfils beat Roger Federer 6-4 7-6 in last-16 at the Monte Carlo Masters. world no 18 will face roger federer in the quarter-finals.
Freddie Roach says that Floyd Mayweather cannot be considered best ever. he rated super-middleweight star andre Ward and middleweight sensation Gennady Golovkin above the american. 'you have to fight the best to be the best,' he said.
the 21-year-old equalled the 72-hole record set by Tiger Woods in 1997. he became the first man to reach 19 under par at the augusta championship. 'i think Jordan Spieth is a great person - just as I think Rory McIlroy is - to carry the mantle for the game of golf,' he said.
Roger Federer defeated Jeremy Chardy 6-2, 6-1 in his opener in Monte Carlo. it was his first match since his loss in the Indian Wells final in march. the 17-time major champion will face gael monfils in the quarter-finals.
a disciplinary panel dismissed a charge that Vunipola had recklessly led with his head in a clash with Leicester full back Matehw Tait. the no 8 is free to face Clermont Auvergne in the champions cup semi-final on saturday. Saracens are the last remaining english club in the competition.
James Anderson took his 384th wicket on the final day of the first test. he broke Sir Ian Botham's record which had stood for 23 years. 'there is no way I am going to rest on my laurels and enter cruise control just because I have the record,' he said.
Lewis Hamilton insists he will do his talking 'on the track' ahead of Bahrain. team-mate Nico Rosberg is 17 points behind the mercedes team-mate. the pair left Shanghai after the Chinese grand prix arguing over rights and wrongs of how they raced.
former rugby captain watched monbeg dude run his heart out. the horse was sent off unconsidered at 40/1. monbeg dude is now 10 and 'likes to do things at his own pace'.
Kevin Pietersen has not played for his country since the fifth Test. the 34-year-old has signed for Surrey with the intent of scoring runs. he scored 170 against Oxford MCCU recently.
'tired' Tavern and Allen stands will be replaced with a new structure. the aim is to raise the overall capacity of the home of cricket to almost 30,000. a new Thomas Lord Building and new Tavern pub will also be included. a completion schedule for the new stand is spring 2019, in time for the world cup and ashes.
Billy Vunipola faces an RFU disciplinary panel on Tuesday afternoon. the 22-year-old faces an immediate suspension following an accusation that he struck Leicester’s mathew Tait. toulon are plotting a move for australia fly-half Quade Cooper.
siobhan-Marie O'Connor won gold in the 200m individual medley. her time of two minutes 09:51 seconds was the fastest recorded in the world this year. the 19-year-old was short of her 2:08.21 personal best. she said making the team for Russia was her main focus.
a number of supporters plan to boycott the televised game in protest against owner Mike Ashley. a number of supporters plan to boycott the televised game. 'you never know because sometimes the effect on the players and team maybe is positive,' says pochettino.
former queens park rangers boss resigned in february citing knee problems. 68-year-old says he still has plenty to offer but only at right club. redknapp leads men united xi against leyton orient legends on may 31.
Celtic face inverness in the Scottish Cup semi-final on sunday. the match will take place at 12.15, a time that fans do not agree with. deila believes that teams should have more of a say on kick-off times.
real madrid face atletico madrid in the champions league on tuesday. carim benzema will miss the game with a knee injury. gareth bale and luka modric also likely to miss out.
Toni Duggan posted a picture of her with louis van gaal on Instagram. the 23-year-old received a number of abusive messages on social media. duggan has since removed the photo and issued an apology on facebook.
Charlie Austin has scored 17 goals for relegation-threatened QPR this term. the striker is being considered for a surprise England call up. Harry Kane will be with gareth southgate's under-21 side.
manchester united are interested in signing right back Nathaniel Clyne. the england international is out of contract at the end of the season. saints boss Ronald Koeman accepts it will be difficult to keep hold of the right back.
the PFA has announced its women's player of the year nominees. eniola aluko, Lucy bronze, Karen carney, jess Clarke, Kelly Smith and Ji So-yun have all made the shortlist. the 28-year-old has represented her country at all levels from Under 17 upwards.
a blatant Josh Meekings handball in the box was missed by referee Steven McLean and his team, particularly assistant Alan Muir. despite numerous appeals, no penalty or red card was given for Meekings' handball. inverness fought back and eventually emerged victorious following a pulsating period of extra-time.
inverness beat inverness 2-0 in their scottish cup semi-final. Josh Meekings appeared to get away with a handball on the line. Craig Gordon was sent off for a spot kick in the second half.
Derby County can make sure of a play-off place with victory against Huddersfield. if other results go their way, they will be promoted with a win at morecambe. barnet will be promoted as champions if they win at Kidderminster and Bristol Rovers lose at dover.
Bournemouth manager Eddie Howe expects fans to inspire his side. howe's side face a trip to the goldsands stadium on saturday. the cherries have just two points separating them from automatic promotion.
the right back has been in impressive form for the saints this season. the defender has been linked with a move away from the south coast. he admits he wants to play champions league football.
the likes of Morgan Schneiderlin, Yannick Bolasie and Nathaniel Clyne are wanted men as champions league heavyweights like Arsenal and Manchester united circle like vultures. sportsmail looks at 10 players who could be taking a'step up' this summer.
the 23-year-old was celebrating andros townsend's equalising goal for England against Italy when a tattoo on his arm was shown across televisions worldwide. twitter user @Danorako compared it to a photograph of himself at 12 years old, and has since been retweeted more than 20,000 times by those noticing the uncanny resemblance.
six players withdrew from the squad on the eve of the defeat by Charlton. cellino insists he had nothing to do with the events that led to the players pulling out. the club released a statement on Sunday evening looking to draw a line under the controversy.
former defender believes his countryman's desire to succeed with the club knows no bounds. the 52-year-old would also like to see Didier Drogba extend his stay at the club.
mancini's relationship with city was rooted in his dismay at the quality of english players signed by the club. the collapse in his relationship with the club was rooted in his dismay at the quality of english players signed by the club. how do City buy enough top english players to fulfil quotas for homegrown players without breaking FPP regulations again?
Brendan rodgers says that a move to Manchester city would not be a step up. the england manager says that city are bigger than their rivals. he also says that they have no intention of becoming their feeder team. the reds face aston villa in the premier league on sunday.
Jermaine Beckford scored his 10th goal of the season as Preston were held to a 2-2 draw by Gillingham. the result dented the second-placed side's bid to join Bristol city in the championship. meanwhile, MK dons closed the gap on Simon Grayson's men to three points as they beat Fleetwood 3-0.
Mauricio pochettino has drawn up a list of potential homegrown signings. the 24-year-old left back has attracted interest from manchester city. pochettino is ready to sell some fringe players, but Rose is not one of them.
sportsmail looks at examples of players who have represented the lower leagues well in the premier league. Aaron Cresswell is one of just five players to play every minute of his team's premier league games this season.
aston villa beat liverpool 2-1 in the semi-finals of the fa cup at wembley. midfielder Steven Gerrard was unable to influence the outcome. he was deployed in a number of different roles by manager Brendan rodgers.
keeper wojciech szczesny says he feels sorry for Adam Federici. the arsenal stopper let an Alexis Sanchez effort slip through his hands in extra-time. the mistake overshadowed a number of strong saves he had made.
malky mackay was appointed as manager of Wigan in November 2014. sportsmail revealed he was being investigated over racist, sexist, homophobic and anti-semitic texts. the scot's tenure ended with a 2-0 defeat by Derby on monday.
the 40-year-old has been bidding his farewells as he heads for retirement. he has promised to call it quits if his grand national ride Shutthefrontdoor brings him a second career victory over the world's most famous steeplechase. on Wednesday night, one of Liverpool's most iconic landmarks, the city's royal liver building, was lit up with a good luck message.
keeper wojciech szczesny has been demoted to the bench in recent months. the poland international hasn't played a premier league game since the 2-0 defeat to Southampton on new year's day. former arsenal goalkeeper david seaman believes szczesny can emerge a far better goalkeeper in the years to come.
over 45,000 ladies descend on aintree for the perfect build-up ahead of Saturday's main event, the Crabbies Grand National. seven races make up the day as they saw Saphir Du Rheu, ridden by Sam Twiston-Davis, take home the Betfred Mildmay Novices' Chase.
a marketing company has approached UEFA to propose an all-star match. 'North vs South' would feature stars from the premier league, Serie a and ligue 1. the match would be inspired by the NBA All-Star Game between the Western and Eastern Conferences.
Lionel Messi will lead the line for the argentine at the Parc des Princes. the argentine has scored 45 goals in 44 games since the turn of the year. he will be hoping to add to that against the Ligue 1 champions.
four-time ballon d'or winner says he is happy again after disappointing 2014. argentine says he is keen to 'get back to my best through hard work, smiling and effort, like I always have'. barca top of la liga and his personal goal tally's at 45 from 44 games.
Randy Lerner will attend the semi-final at wembley on sunday. the american owner has hardly seen Villa play in person in recent years. Lerner has been trying to sell the club since last may.
Christian Benteke opened the scoring for the hosts in the 35th minute. he scored a hat-trick in the 3-3 draw with queens park rangers on tuesday. the striker has scored six goals in eight games for the home side.
20 years ago today, gascoigne scored what was arguably the finest goal of his career at wembley. it came five minutes into an FA Cup semi-final against arsenal. gascoigne's goal set Spurs on their way to a 3-1 victory. they would go on to beat Nottingham Forest in the final.
manchester city have a four-point lead over liverpool in the race for the final place in the champions league. they have conceded four goals for the first time since 2009. they have lost four of their past six premier league games and five in 2015, one more than in the whole of 2014.
Christian Benteke opened the scoring for the hosts in the 35th minute. the hat-trick was a hat-trick for the hosts in the premier league. it was a hat-trick for aston villa after he scored a hat-trick on tuesday.
redknapp was at the Emirates to watch arsenal beat liverpool 4-1. he claims he was attacked with coins and verbally abused by some fans. the 68-year-old is currently out of work after leaving his position at queens park rangers.
arsenal face reading in the semi-finals of the FA cup on saturday. the gunners are second in the premier league after an eight-match winning run. defender Frank McLintock made 403 appearances for the club between 1964 and 1973.
Bayern Munich are without Arjen Robben, Franck Ribery, Bastian Schweinsteiger and David Alaba for the quarter-final, first leg in Portugal. the five-times champions look unaffected by the absences. they also beat Eintracht Frankfurt 3-0 on Saturday.
carrick has enjoyed a renaissance this season as united put their stuttering start to the season behind them. the 34-year-old is not planning to hang up his boots any time soon. but when he does, he says he'd like to try his hand at an F1 car.
former arsenal defender Martin Keown's son Niall scored the winner for the visitors. Jack Wilshere made his long-awaited return from injury to captain the club. he was joined by other injury plagued first team players including Serge Gnabry and long-term absentee abou Diaby.
the 19-year-old midfielder impressed for the gunners last season. but his progress has been stunted by a serious knee injury. he has not featured for the first team since the champions league last-16 second leg against Bayern Munich in march 2014.
arsenal have won 16 of their last 18 games in all competitions. arsene wenger admits he could not have predicted a run like this. the gunners have a slim chance of winning the premier league.
the 20-year-old is stalling on a new £100,000-a-week contract offer. he insists it has nothing to do with money and he will reassess at the end of the season. the former queens park rangers youngster also revealed how a visit to anfield as a 15-year-old convinced him a career on the reds was the right move.
the reds have slipped to seven points adrift of fourth-placed city. they have lost to manchester united and arsenal in recent weeks. but manager carver says his players need to relieve the pressure.
the 21st 2lb prop helped end northampton's three-month unbeaten run in the Aviva Premiership. the 22-year-old tighthead qualifies for both England and Wales. he could be fast-tracked through the ranks to face England in the world cup pool match.
former bath, Saracens and England prop David ‘Flats’ Flatman has been driving around the rugby world cup venues preparing for the tournament. ‘you kind of expect that kind of a buzz in rugby cities, like Cardiff and Exeter, but when you arrive in Newcastle, you realise there’s a proper enthusiasm,’ he says. ‘there are bound to be studies that come out, or bits of research, 15 minutes after the final whistle of the world cup, and say there are only seven more children
sale sharks lost 25-23 to exiles at the madejski stadium. exiles winger Tom arscott scored a brace of tries for the hosts. tries from Alex lewington (two) and Andrew Fenby were scored.
the 19-year-old has been out for six weeks with a knee injury. he was named man-of-the-match in the derby win over besiktas on february 6. the winger is expected to be included in the squad for the clash with Newcastle.
sterling is stalling on a new £100,000-a-week contract at the club. the 20-year-old has been linked with a number of european clubs. he was one of four players at the launch of their new home kit at anfield.
Real Madrid and Atletico Madrid are meeting for the fifth and sixth time in european competition that brings them level with Inter and AC Milan in number of city duels. it's a system that leaves Real Madrid short in midfield especially when none of the first choice midfield trio are defensive players. atletico's two banks of four are also very good at closing the space down for Ronaldo, Bale and Benzema.
porto are hot favourites to reach the last four of the champions league. porto coach Julen Lopetegui has asked his team to call on 'ambition and imagination' to cause an upset. the germans have only been able to name three players as substitutes.
Philippe Coutinho is becoming Liverpool's go-to guy, according to sportsmail's Jamie Carragher. the brazilian starred for the reds in their 2-0 win against Newcastle United. he managed five shots against goalkeeper Tim Krul.
marouane Fellaini has emerged as a force to be reckoned with in midfield. Jamie Carragher and Gary Neville believe Jose Mourinho will bring Kurt Zouma into his midfield to neutralise the french centre back. carragher and Neville were speaking ahead of the clash with Newcastle.
marouane Fellaini has been hailed as one of the best in world football. the Belgian has proved a handful for defences under louis van gaal. he was recently described as almost undroppable by van gaal.
the italian striker is set to leave the club at the end of the season. he has only scored once in the premier league since joining last summer. but his agent has hinted that he would have to take a pay cut.
Ipswich drew 1-1 with rivals Wolves at the etihad stadium on sunday. benik afobe scored his 31st goal of the season in the 50th minute. a Richard Stearman own goal gave the visitors a first-half lead.
more than 400 extra officers have been drafted in by the force. rivals Manchester united, Liverpool and Leeds will all be in the capital. officers will be stationed on trains travelling from the north and the Midlands.
Leicester will escape the drop zone for the first time since November if they beat Swansea at home on Saturday by three goals. they also have to face relegation rivals sunderland and burnley away while welcoming QPR to the King Power Stadium on the final day of the season.
Bolton will offer new contracts to Emile Heskey, 37, Eidur Gudjohnsen, 36, and goalkeeper Adam Bogdan, 27. heskey has contributed just one goal, while Gudjohnsen has found the net five times this season. manager Neil Lennon has also fined midfielders Barry Bannan and Neil Danns two weeks wages this week.
Paul McGowan has been handed his third conviction for assaulting a police officer. the midfielder has been confined to his home from 7pm to 7am for 16 weeks. hartley says he will not risk playing the troubled midfielder again this season. the final-day derby at Tannadice kicks off at 12.30pm on may 24.
the image of Jose Mourinho and Pep Guardiola in conversation during a training session did the rounds on social media a few years ago. no sooner had Luis Enrique joined Barcelona at the start of this season and the photo libraries threw up an even better shot. isn’t that current PSG coach Laurent Blanc? and isn’t that current Porto coach Julen Lopetegui? and aren’t four of the coaches of the last eight in this season’s Champions League from the
Sean Bowen maintained his three-winner lead (45-42) over Cheltenham Gold Cup winner Nico de Boinville. Bowen scored on Abidjan at Newton abbot while de Boinville victorious on One Lucky Lady at Kempton.
manuel pellegrini's job is to win back-to-back premier league titles, says allardyce. the west ham boss believes the pressure of financial fair play has made his job the hardest in world football. the champions spent a combined £44m on porto pair Eliaquim Mangala and Fernando last summer.
Lyon drew 2-2 with saint-etienne at the Stade de Gerland on sunday night. Clinton N'Jie gave the hosts the lead midway through the first half. but Lindsay Rose was sent off and Max Gradel equalised from the spot.
dairon asprilla scored in the 79th minute to lift the Portland Timbers past new york city FC 1-0. city have now won just one of their seven games and lie seventh, five points behind the red bulls. teal bunbury scored one and set up another after coming on in the 61st minute.
Randy Lerner was expected to make a rare appearance at wembley. the 53-year-old's aunt passed away on sunday. he has been trying to sell the club since last may.
football in turkey has been suspended for one week following the armed attack. two people suspected of involvement in the attack have been detained. the decision affects both next weekend's Super Lig fixtures and the midweek cup quarter-finals.
the 32-year-old has just under five weeks to go until his mega-fight with mayweather on may 2. the pair will slug it out at the MGM grand in Las Vegas at the beginning of next month in a $300million showdown. Pacquiao shared a video of his morning run with the boxer being joined by his training entourage.
former world champion on brink of exiting world championships. doherty trails mark Davis 8-1 after first session of third-round qualifier. graeme dott trails world number 52 Yu Delu 5-4.
five-time winner Ronnie O'Sullivan will play debutant Craig Steadman. defending champion Mark Selby will play norway's Kurt Maflin.
boxer took to the mountains ahead of his mega-fight against mayweather. the fight is expected to break the pay-per-view record of $152million set by that fight in 2013. it is also expected to surpass the 2.5 million buys that mayweather accumulated in 2007.
'the rocket' admits waiting makes his mind wander to whether he'll make his dinner. 'i'm starving and I'm thinking to myself, come on, well, if he's feeling hungry, he'll make it to the restaurant,' he said. 'he's playing a bit slow this f*****g idiot here,' he said.
'that's one of my worst days in a man city shirt, definitely,' admits goalkeeper. 'it's hard to take. we've won enough of them to know how to lose properly though and we weren't good enough after the first 15 minutes,' he says. manuel pellegrini's side are four points adrift of rivals united.
manchester city lost 4-2 to rivals united at old trafford on sunday. manuel pellegrini's side are now fourth in the premier league table. defender Pablo Zabaleta admits confidence is low ahead of derby.
a nine foot bull shark was spotted swimming past a condo in bonita spring, florida. the bull shark is considered among the deadliest in the world. home owners are calling for fishing to be banned in the area.
a table shows every club's total points gained against the top seven. united's humiliation of their neighbours City continued their outstanding record. louis van gaal's team sit top of the pile with an average of two points per game after 10 matches.
manchester united beat city 4-2 at old trafford on sunday. the red half of the city are now four points clear at the top of the premier league. city have won their last four derbies in all competitions.
a selection of models charged down the runway in masks and headpieces that looked remarkably like sheets of plastic blowing against their faces. one model, Amanda Ware, looked to have very little room to breathe, doing her best not to fog her vision.
super-bantamweight world champion has branded the offer a 'publicity stunt'. hearn made the offer live on tv after talks with his promoter had stalled. but he has called on the matchroom chief to make him a more realistic offer.
the 19-year-old was arrested after anti-terror raids in Melbourne on Saturday. he said officers assaulted him after he had been handcuffed. 'he grabbed me, handcuffs me, is like 'What's your name?'... and I said Eathan,' he said. his father, Glen, also said he was brutally attacked by police during the raid.
the Hibs boss did not know what to make of Peter Houston's comments. 'i wished Falkirk all the best and good luck in the final but Peter’s made his comments,' said the manager. 'i think you need to ask Peter what he said when he came into my office after we got beat 1-0 in the first game; it certainly was not what he said in the press (on Saturday)'
the 30-year-old was hoping to make his first defence of the title he won against Matt Korobov last year. but american Peter Quillin failed to make the 160lb weight required. the fight at the barclays center will no longer be a title fight.
the 24-year-old has been billed as the next Ricky Hatton due to his impressive fan base. the featherweight was never in trouble but failed to deliver the stoppage that had looked a formality during the contest. the home favourite also picked up the vacant WBC international title which should improve his current ranking.
australian Olympian Jana Pittman is believed to have given birth to her second child, a daughter named Emily. the 32-year-old was filmed training for the 2016 Rio Olympics the day before she went into labour. her seven-year-old son cornelis is now the big brother of a little girl named Emily.
the 250-piece collection from the designer at Target's lower price point sold out almost immediately early Sunday morning. thousands of enthusiastic shoppers logged online early and waited in long lines outside Target stores before they opened. now officially sold out by the retailer, pieces from the diffusion line have popped up on eBay.
fiorentina lost 1-0 at home to Hellas Verona after conceding a late goal. the defeat leaves them nine points behind third-placed AS Roma.
atletico madrid face real madrid at the Bernabeu on tuesday night. there are no english clubs left in the last eight of the champions league. atletico were knocked out of the competition at the last 16 stage.
the university of Connecticut baseball team has welcomed its newest member: 5-year-old Grayson Hand of Sturbridge, Massachusetts. Hand joins the team with the help of Team IMPACT, an organization that matches children with life-threatening and chronic illness to college sports teams. father Nate Hand called the partnership a physical representation of the outpouring of support they've received.
it's been a longtime tradition for the conga to play during Memphis Grizzlies games with cartoon bongos appearing on the giant court TV screen. Spectators are then filmed attempting to play the imaginary drums but one competitor who continues to turn heads is mother-of-two, Malenda Meacham.
'halal' sex shop set to open in islam's holiest city, mecca, in saudi Arabia. it will stock 'islamically approved' adult items and'sensual aids', it has emerged. owner of existing halal shop called El Asira is known for its oils.
FC United of Manchester beat Stourbridge 1-0 to secure promotion. it is the club's fourth promotion in their short history. they will move to a new 5,000 capacity stadium of their own in may.
Nikki and Kyle Kuchenbecker from Illinois went about perfecting a routine to the toe-tapping pop song, Classic by MKTO. video footage shows them getting into the groove with an attentive audience watching on.
the 53-second video, posted on YouTube, features footage of the unnamed woman recording an incident involving multiple officers in south gate on sunday. about 25 seconds into the clip, the woman is approached by a tall man strapped with a riffle who suddenly lunges at her. following a brief struggle the man grabs her cell phone, throws it to the ground and then kicks it away. as the man returns to his previous position, the woman is seen scrambling for her phone
defenders Luke Tingey and Kyran Wiltshire to be trialled at carrington. the 18-year-old scored a sensational free-kick against swindon last month. defender Wiltshire was included in the first-team squad for friendlies last pre-season.
footage shows the skater confidently sailing down a concrete slope in Santa Monica, los angeles, before he loses balance and falls headfirst. for a short moment he scrapes along the ground on his stomach. as he lies on his side, he clutches his head in apparent pain. the filmer later revealed that the injury required a total of seven stitches.
real madrid coach Paul Clement is a leading candidate to replace Steve McClaren. the 42-year-old's future will be decided at the end of the season. the former england boss is Newcastle's first choice to replace caretaker boss John Carver.
Gianluigi Buffon has been plying his trade in Serie A for 20 years. the italian goalkeeper has played with the likes of Andrea Pirlo, Paval Nedved and Lilian Thuram. here, he recalls the great names he played alongside and against.
real madrid have not beaten rivals atletico since winning the champions league. the two sides have met four times in the last eight months. atletico beat real in the last 16 of the copa del rey in january.
Diego Simeone is hoping to lead atletico madrid to a second successive final. the argentine has played 106 times for his country since the 1998 world cup. the former england midfielder says he 'loves' playing against the english.
the 17-year-old is valued at £8m by the championship side. he has been a key player in the english junior set up. he has been earmarked to play centre half in the future.
Martina Hingis will play her first singles match since 2007 on Saturday. the 34-year-old won all five of her grand slam titles by the age of 18. it will be the 34-year-old's first singles match in eight years.
former manchester united defender says sir alex ferguson told him he would be a great coach during his time at old trafford. the 33-year-old says he has already taken some of his coaching badges.
arsenal take on reading in the semi-finals of the competition at wembley. the gunners beat the royals 3-2 in last year's final at wembley. the famous trophy is on display at the alton towers amusement park.
celebrities showed off their favourite football kits for football Shirt Friday. fans were asked to unite against bowel cancer by donning a football shirt - old or new - in memory of 1966 world cup-winning captain Bobby Moore. Moore died from bowel and liver cancer on February 4, 1993, at the age of 51.
Wellington Silva signed for arsenal in 2011 for £3.5million from Fluminese. but he has not been able to play for the club without a work permit. on tuesday he revealed on twitter that he has been granted a spanish passport. the passport means he can now play for any team in the european union.
mandzukic was involved in bust-up after bust-up against real madrid. the 28-year-old drew blood after an elbow to the face from the former. mandzukic committed seven fouls, compared to 11 in total by real.
atletico madrid keeper Jan Oblak cost £11million last season. the 22-year-old is a la liga record for a goalkeeper. Oblak has made atletico fans forget about Thibaut Courtois.
real madrid face atletico madrid in the champions league on tuesday. javier Hernandez is set to start up front for the spanish giants. the 26-year-old is on a season-long loan from manchester united.
jurgen Klopp announced his departure from borussia dortmund on Wednesday. he will not be fulfilling the remainder of his contract, which was due to expire in 2018. but he has vowed to win as many games as he can before bringing his seven-year reign to an end.
Wilfried Zaha posted a photo on his Instagram account showing him undergoing close-up shots. the 22-year-old has been in fine form for crystal palace since joining in February. the winger helped his side defeat premier league strugglers sunderland.
Ivan Novoseltsev proposed to girlfriend Katerina Keyru on the pitch. the 23-year-old was capped by his country for the first time last month. he placed a ring on keyru's finger before kissing and hugging her.
this year's Vivid Sydney festival will feature more than 60 light installations and 140 artists. the festival will run from 6pm-midnight each night, with over 60 light installations and 140 artists.
Matthias Sammer has warned pep guardiola that the club have to'make plans for the future before it is too late'. the 47-year-old was speaking to BT Sport ahead of this week's defeat at porto. he laughed off the suggestion that you can play until you are 45.
Ceahlaul Piatra Neamt have sacked Brazilian coach Ze Maria. the 41-year-old was fired on Wednesday after a poor run of form. but he was reinstated the next day after owner angelo massone decided to 'give the coaching staff another chance'
Zlatan Ibrahimovic faces Lionel Messi at the nou camp on tuesday night. the 33-year-old was suspended for the first leg after he was sent off against Chelsea. he was the marquee signing when Qatari owners bought the club.
benik Afobe says he feels 'unstoppable' at the moment as he bids to become the country's top scorer. the striker has scored 31 times for MK dons and Wolves - just one ahead of Tottenham hotshot Harry Kane. the former arsenal man is expected to make his 50th appearance of the season at Wigan on saturday.
the 90-second clip was filmed by a witness in an indoor area restricted to workers at King Khalid International Airport in Riyadh. it shows two male employees in blue uniforms recklessly hurling large suitcases onto the belt and against a wall as they unload a truck. for nearly two minutes the men throw the bags with such force that they land with a heavy thud or hit a green barrier against the wall.
reporter Roger Lohse was about to finish reporting on an 800-acre blaze in southwest Miami-Dade when his cameraman pointed out something behind him. as the camera zoomed in, live footage showed firefighters plucking a tiny black kitten from the edges of the smoldering blaze.
the piano was created for an 'influential sheikh' in doha, Qatar. it took six months to build and every crystal applied by hand.
anyone trying to access the bank's page for the Young Entrepreneur Awards was greeted by images of women posing naked or having sex. the porn site took over the address after the awards were scrapped in 2011 and the organisers allowed its registration on HSBC.com.hk to retire. HSBC yesterday removed the hyperlink from its main website after realising its embarrassing mistake.
jesper Blomqvist helped coach youngsters from the Manchester United Foundation's street reds project. the 41-year-old was a key player in the treble winning season of 1998-99. he now helps his brother lecture people on how to handle setbacks using his previous experiences.
the video was uploaded to twitter on Tuesday morning by popular radio duo Fitzy and Wippa. it was quickly reposted by a spell of other sources. the posting of the video comes in the wake of heavy storms which battered Sydney overnight, with parts of the city experiencing the heaviest rainfall in 100 years.
the 37-year-old presented the award to tennis ace Novak Djokovic. presented by the Laureus Sport for Good Foundation. presented the award during the Laureus World Sports Awards.
black pup was caught lapping up all the fun at a public play area in Brooklyn, new york.
17-month-old Layla was found beaten to death at her home in festus, Missouri. she had severe injuries to her face and neck, and was bruised all over. paramedics who attempted to treat her said she had been dead for hours. a three-year-old boy was also found with severe bruising and a broken leg. fast, 21, has been charged with endangering the welfare of a child.
the 80-year-old designer has made a fortune of £5billion over his 40-year career. in an interview, he spoke of his disapproval of women with breast enlargements. he also spoke of his disapproval of men who work out too much. he emphasised his appreciation of a 'healthy' look.
Zinedine Zidane is confident Paris Saint-Germain can beat Barcelona. the current Ligue 1 champions need three goals in the nou camp. but the former real madrid star is confident they can score three.
former footballer is selling a multi-million pound property for the second time this year. speculation he wants to dodge labour's mansion tax if the party wins the election. he has even threatened to leave the country if the tax on properties over £2million comes into force.
porto face five-time champions Bayern in the champions league on tuesday. porto are unbeaten in the competition this season and are unbeaten in all competitions. german champions are chasing a treble of titles and fourth straight semi-final appearance.
video footage shows corporal James Bass of North Carolina sneaking up behind his son Joshua while he strikes a formal pose in front of a scenic backdrop. then, as the photographer shows the third-grader the finished photo he took, he spots his father pulling a goofy jazz hands pose in the background. 'Daddy!' Joshua exclaims, as he runs towards his father and gives him a big hug.
black bears were spotted in government hill neighborhood of the city of anchorage. they were spotted nosing through overturned trash cans and putting neighborhood on alert. officials say killing the family is the only option as they are likely to return if moved.
video footage of creepy doll has been wreaking havoc on paranormal enthusiasts. one woman suffered alleged heart attack after watching video of peggy in car. paranormal investigator said she received influx of messages from people. some reported flashing visions of'mental institutions and treatment bordering on abuse' and overwhelming feelings of anxiety.
Salford city clinched the Evo-Stik League First Division North title. title rivals darlington 1883 could only draw 1-1 with Warrington Town. the club won the title without having to kick a ball.
the football association have decided to withdraw from future tournaments. they say the competition does not suit the needs of its young players. the decision has been sped up by sky sports' move to withdraw funding.
visitors will be able to travel through time when one world trade center opens next month. they will watch an incredible time lapse video of the growth of the city from the 1500s to the present day as they ascend to the observation deck.
four men charged with gang rape of young woman at barracks in canada. given identical but unusual bail conditions in court in dartmouth, Nova Scotia. agreed to surrender passports and live at nearby naval base in Halifax. will continue to work for the royal navy and draw current pay.
striker was caught having drunken sex with a female supporter in the dugout. he was dismissed after the sex clip of his tryst was shared on social media. his girlfriend, 25-year-old Bryony Hibbert, has slammed those responsible.
southend united beat bury 1-0 in their premier league clash on tuesday. former bury player David Worrall scored a superb free-kick in the 74th minute. the result moves southend into fourth place on goal difference.
MK Dons beat doncaster 3-0 to stay within a point of the automatic promotion places with two games to play. a freakish goal by Dean Bowditch, 25 minutes from time, broke doncaster's resistance. 'it's our first time this season we've had a fluke goal, it's overdue,' said dons boss.
a rescue Sato named Bonnie is so afraid that she will be abandoned again that she can't bear to eat alone.
Kolo Toure admits'sad' Steven Gerrard will deal with the reality of not being able to deliver a trophy for fans. 'you feel bad. it is always difficult when you lose a semi-final like that,' insists toure. 'Lucas is a great player but we had players who could do the job,' insists toure.
the 25-year-old was sat with Southampton fans when he ran onto the sidelines. he shrugged his shoulders at arsene wenger and ran to the dugout. the father-of-two said he was frustrated with his club and 'just wanted his voice heard' he has been banned from going to games for three years.
Didier Drogba has withdrawn from a charity match after picking up an ankle injury. the striker played the full 90 minutes in the blues' last two games. the 37-year-old is now a potential doubt for the game against arsenal.
Justin Rose finished second at the augusta national on 14-under-par. he is hoping to follow the lead of the likes of rory mcilroy and phil mickelson. the british no 1 has won the us open and the masters six times.
the former world no 1 shared a video of one of her first on court interviews as a youngster. in the clip, the youngster is seen thanking a succession of people for the 'good week' she had at the youth tournament held on clay before signing off with a slightly embarrassed: 'See you at Roland Garros'
will Stevens has been using the world-class facilities at St George's Park to help him climb the formula one ladder. the 23-year-old was a regular visitor last year as he looked to step up his fitness in preparation for a potential F1 drive. he has access to an exercise bike, treadmill and rowing machine, located in the altitude chamber.
the 1,000 Guineas hope, trained by David Simcock, is one of six out of nine entries to hold an engagement in the Guineas. trainer Richard Hannon is represented by Osaila and Marsh Hawk in the Nell Gwyn at newmarket.
Graeme McDowell says there are a lot of potential eras evolving. 'when you look at Ryder Cups it makes it very interesting for them,' he said. 'we see a guy coming around who is average build, average size, hits it average distance,' he said.
many Clouds won the grand national on sunday at lambourn. trainer Oliver Sherwood has also floated the possibility of a rematch with his gold cup conqueror coneygree in the newbury’s hennessy gold cup. the race in November has already been identified as a likely target for coneygree.
the 33-year-old has signed a new contract at the relegated-club. he previously played for bath, Gloucester, Racing Metro, Grenoble and the Scarlets. barkley won 23 test caps for the exiles, the last of which was against new zealand in 2008.
Ruby Walsh warns the field to go wide at the Canal Turn. balthazar King was taken to an equine hospital after falling on the first circuit. balthazar King had likely suffered broken ribs.
many Clouds was a third winner of the race for owner Trevor Hemmings. he has also won the race with Hedgehunter in 2005 and Ballabriggs in 2011. the gelding passed the line one-and-three-quarter lengths in front of 33-1 shot Saint Are.
Brian O'Driscoll believes huge investment is needed to turn english clubs back into a European force. the gulf between clubs from the Aviva Premiership and the Top 14 is bigger than ever. 'when you walk about french dominance, the teams are coming from France but the players aren't,' he says.
the 23-year-old did not attend a fundraising event for the matt hampson foundation. wasps team-mate Andy goode tweeted: 'bad values from @ChristianWade3 agreeing to come to a charity event for @Hambofoundation then saying he’s too tired, poor culture & no trust' a host of rugby stars attended the event for the paralysed former england prop.
Clermont face Saracens at the Stade Geoffrey-Guichard on saturday. wesley fofana is up against Brad Barritt, who is not as easy on the eye but is a very solid unit for the team. Julien Bonnaire will be the first man to tackle the No 8 Billy Vunipola.
Jeff Williams has agreed a deal to join bath at the end of the season. the 26-year-old has scored 36 tries on the world series circuit. he helped England win the Tokyo Sevens earlier this month.
ankit keshri died after colliding with a team-mate during a club match. the 20-year-old suffered a cardiac arrest following an on-field injury. he was only playing as a substitute fielder having been the 12th man.
incoming chairman of the ewb upped the stakes by declaring the hosts'mediocre' and promised'some inquiries' if they did not win the series. 'you never expect that in any international, let alone a Test team,' says the 33-year-old.
Declan Fitzpatrick has been forced to retire from rugby on medical grounds. the 31-year-old has suffered multiple concussions in recent seasons. he won seven caps for Ireland, the last of which was against new Zealand during the 2013 autumn Tests.
Liam Plunkett and Mark Wood impressed in the nets on Sunday. moeen Ali has joined up with the squad after missing the first test. he will replace the injured James Tredwell if he is fully fit.
Clermont auvergne face northampton in the champions cup semi-final. the french outfit thrashed the english champions 37-5 in the last-eight tie. a place at the Twickenham final is in sight for the top 14 side.
Lancashire's Liam Livingstone hit a reported world-record 350 for Nantwich. the 21-year-old all-rounder plundered 34 fours and 27 sixes in his innings. the innings is the highest-ever individual score in a one-day match.
Kevin Pietersen was dismissed for 19 on his return to the LV= County Championship. the 34-year-old was hoping to find a way back into the England set-up. pietersen came to the wicket just after lunch with Surrey on 111 for two. he was fortunate to escape with a mistimed hook off Graham Wagg.
no first-time champion in Sheffield has returned to retain the trophy 12 months on. the 31-year-old is equipped with the form to be a repeat winner. his match with Kurt Maflin concludes on Saturday, the only clash to finish on day one.
argentine centre Marcelo Bosch has signed a contract extension at allianz park. the 31-year-old was the hero of Saracens' european champions cup quarter-final victory over Racing Metro 11 days ago. his deal follows new contracts announced earlier this week for locks George Kruis and Maro Itoje.
the SRU have clinched the biggest shirt sponsorship deal in their history after agreeing a £3.6million contract over three years with BT. the telecommunications giant had agreed to pay £20m over four years for the naming rights of Murrayfield. they will follow that up with a deal to have their trademarks on the famous dark blue jersey.
mark selby will face tournament debutant Kurt Maflin in the first round. the world no 1 has won two titles this season ahead of his defence. selby won the 2014 world snooker championship at the Crucible.
the 18-time Olympic gold-medallist claimed 100 metres butterfly victory at the Arena Pro Swim Series in Arizona. he won the race with a time of 52.38 seconds, edging out Ryan Lochte. the 29-year-old is aiming to compete in a fifth Olympics next year in Rio de Janeiro.
former 800 world title-holder won in 2 minutes, 5.05 seconds. her winning time was just over four seconds off the qualifying mark for the worlds in Beijing in august. she has run sparingly over the last three years because of injury problems.
a 10-man arsenal Under-21s side fell to a 3-2 defeat by middlesbrough on monday. goalkeeper Deyan Iliev was sent off inside 15 minutes after scythed down Harry Chapman in the box. Emmanuel Ledesma converted the resulting penalty past substitute stopper Matt Macey.
'i was angry about the defeat, I was thrilled after seeing some old friends, but especially I was proud,' says the midfielder. it was his first return to the club since leaving in January last year. he was named player of the year two years running.
the first double hundred of hales' career helped Nottinghamshire into a position of strength on the opening day of their LV= County Championship match against Yorkshire. the home side reached 393 for seven by stumps, having been invited to bat first. hales scored his runs from 250 balls, with 37 fours and a six and having shared in a third wicket stand of 171 with James Taylor.
the 57-year-old has never finished higher than 11th in the premier league. he won promotion with Stoke and got them to an FA Cup final. but he has never managed to keep a team in the top half of the table. he is the only manager in the premier league with more than 12 months experience who has never finished higher than 11th.
Hull face high-flying Southampton on saturday without a win in five games. the Tigers are just two points above the bottom three after wins for QPR and Leicester last week. manager Steve Bruce admits his side need to pull off 'crazy results'.
the 26-year-old won the 2013 BMX world title in burnham-on-sea. he also won the world cup series title in 2014. 'there are certain areas i need to improve to get on the gate in Rio,' he said.
Aaron Cook was left out of the 2012 London 2012 taekwondo squad. the 24-year-old applied for citizenship after receiving funding from Moldovan billionaire Igor Iuzefovici. he has already received his passport from the small eastern european state. the boa has ratified the 24-year-old's request to change nationality.
Thousands of fans boycotted the club's last game, a 3-1 defeat at home to spurs. the official attendance of 47,427 - the capacity of the stadium is in excess of 52,000 - is understood to include many season ticket holders who did not attend. mark Jensen, editor of online fanzine www.themag.co.uk, fears longer-term consequences.
pardew's five-game winning run was crucial to the club's season. the former crystal palace boss was sacked by the club in april. pardew's side are now on 20 points after six successive defeats.
Leicester beat Swansea 2-0 in their premier league clash at the king power stadium. the result lifts the club to 17th in the table after just two wins in 24 games. qpr, burnley, hull and sunderland are shorter odds to go down.
dele alli was crowned the football league young player of the year on Sunday. the 19-year-old scored 16 goals in 41 appearances for mk dons. alli is excited by the prospect of playing under Mauricio pochettino.
garry monk has been touted as a potential replacement for Sam Allardyce. the west ham manager's contract expires at the end of the season. but monk insists the perfect manager is already in place at the club.
the 18-year-old scored a brace on his full debut against dumbarton. he had made just four substitute appearances before facing the sons. the former Celtic full-back's last goal was against the hoops in 2011.
Rangers currently lead the race for second spot in the championship. a six-point cushion separating them from queen of the south. finishing immediately behind newly-crowned champions Hearts would spare the Ibrox men the bother of two extra hazardous games in the play-offs.
crystal palace beat sunderland 2-0 at the stadium of light on saturday. winger Yannick Bolasie scored a second-half hat-trick in just over 10 minutes. it was the winger's first trip back to the north east and boy did he enjoy it.
Dave King will have to convince the governing body's professional game board that 41 convictions under south africa tax law are not a breach of SFA regulations. the south africa-based businessman ousted the previous directors last month. he plans a return to the boardroom if he can overcome SFA obstacles.
the reds have made their play for Danny Ings this season. he is set to leave burnley when his contract expires at the end of the season. he is also a target for arsenal, everton, Serie a side Roma and inter. sportsmail assesses five of their main targets.
Aaron Cresswell has been linked with a move to manchester city. but allardyce has warned the england defender that the grass isn't always greener. the 25-year-old has had a fine debut season in the premier league.
'The Glazer Gatekeeper: six years speaking for Manchester United's silent owners' challenges popular perception about the US bosses who succeeded in a debt-burdening £800m takeover in 2005. former finance PR executive served as the notoriously private family's spokesman until current executive vice chairman Ed Woodward sent him on his way in 2010. he lifts the lid on the Florida-based owners who caused a ferocious storm when they seized control of the club and plunged
arsenal goalkeeper wojciech szczesny turns 25 on saturday. the 25-year-old was joined by family and friends at his home in london. he was treated to a private performance by his girlfriend, Mariana Luczenko.
Charlton earned a point at the Valley in the premier league on saturday. the result means they are eight points clear of the leaders chelsea. a late goal from Johann Gudmundsson earned them a point.
barcelona and real madrid are interested in signing a number of players this summer. the spanish giants want to sign players before the end of the season. if real madrid sign a striker they could end Iker Casillas's time at the club.
builders are putting the finishing touches to the eighth wonder of the world. the 5,000-capacity stadium is set to host Benfica for the official opening. it is a far cry from the glamour and glitz of old Trafford, seven miles away.
the 50-year-old has found himself the target of angry fans who are disillusioned with Mike Ashley’s running of the club. the problems at Newcastle run deeper than a manager who has been left with a depleted and disinterested playing squad. carver is the only public face of the club and is forced to answer – or deflect – questions about the hierarchy on a weekly basis.
Mauricio pochettino believes Harry Kane and Ryan Mason have not been able to show the same level of consistency since they returned from England duty. pochettino hopes the pair can improve their performance against Newcastle.
Ashley Young moved to old trafford from aston villa in 2011. the 29-year-old feels he has an important role to play under louis van gaal. young admits it took time for him to come into his own at the club.
Serie a giants named their second oldest side in champions league history. massimiliano allegri's starting line-up had an average age of 30years 64days. the italian tactician named an experienced side with Gianluigi Buffon (37), Giorgio Chiellini (30), Stefan Lichtsteiner (30), Patrice Evra (33), Andrea Pirlo (35), Carlos Tevez (31) all starting.
welterweight boxer takes to social media to show off his ripped physique. the 36-year-old posted a snap of himself tensing his upper torso. he is set to fight welterweight champion Floyd mayweather on may 2.
the famous hug between Bobby Moore and Bobby Pele in 1970 is often held up as the peak of sportsmanship. defender Tim Krul congratulated sunderland striker Jermain Defoe on his goal at half-time. sportsmail's Jamie Carragher lambasted Krul for an inappropriate show of brotherhood towards a fellow professional.
Tomas Berdych advanced to the semi-finals of the Monte Carlo Masters. his opponent Milos Raonic retired due to a foot injury. he will face either Grigor Dimitrov or Gael Monfils.
chelsea are weighing up a move for west ham striker enner Valencia. the blues are offering a new contract to midfielder Patrick Bamford. the 21-year-old has scored 17 league goals for middlesbrough.
'there's only the pressure that we put ourselves under to play the perfect game and make no mistakes,' insists Clarke. the 51-year-old is still feeling his way as a manager, having taken charge of west bromwich albion for a season in 2012.
amir Khan has admitted he does not know who he will fight on may 30. he rejected a potential £5million pay day against fellow british boxer Kell Brook. reports in the us suggested television network showtime were not interested in showing a fight between him and algieri.
all three won their gongs on Super Saturday three years ago in the heptathlon, 10,000 metres and long jump respectively. they return to the Olympic Stadium as part of a three-day extravaganza involving some of the world’s finest athletes.
Wojciech Szczesny will start in goal for arsenal against reading. the goalkeeper has been deposed as the club's no 1. arsene wenger has offered no further guarantees.
manuel pellegrini's players were all in action at their Etihad Campus base. striker Sergio Aguero fine-tuned his finishing skills with shooting practice. aguero signed a new five-year contract with the club in august.
former everton and manchester city midfielder is now manager of the newest MLS team Orlando City. the 53-year-old speaks of the game's expansion with an almost missionary zeal. he talks about the upside of salary caps, what Frank Lampard and Steven Gerrard can expect and the humility of his star signing Kaka.
atletico madrid drew 0-0 with real madrid in the first leg of the champions league quarter-final. the world cup winner has joined MLS newcomers new york city. the 33-year-old has been named club captain.
'Truly honored to meet such a humble and genuine person. Thank you @MannyPacquiao for welcoming us into your home,' said the undefeated bantamweight champion. 'Pacquiao's been very, very nice me, so I'm going to root for him,' she said.
patrcik Bamford scored his 19th goal of the season for middlesbrough. the 21-year-old has been prolific in his loan spells at Boro, Derby and MK dons. sportsmail understands his parent club are opening talks over a new deal.
in 2012-13, 13 million different americans watched at least one top-flight english game live. last season that was 32 million - or more than one in 10 people in the us. NBC have transported their entire premier league production from their HQ in Stamford, Connecticut, to England.
boxer holds an open workout for the media on tuesday night. the session will be streamed live across the world.
the Filipino icon will be put through his paces at the iconic Wild Card gym in los angeles this evening. he will be put through his paces under the watchful eye of trainer Freddie Roach.
boxer rang his car dealer at 3am to order a £1.5million Bugatti. the £1.5million super-car was delivered just 11 hours later. owner of Fusion Luxury Motors, Obi Okeke, was interviewed on video. he said: 'the most challenging thing i've ever done for Floyd is when he called me at three o'clock in the morning and said, Obi, I want a Bugatti and I want one in my driveway in 12 hours'
Grigor Dimitrov beats Stan Wawrinka 6-1, 6-2 to reach the quarter-finals. wawrinka is the defending champion at the Monte Carlo masters. the bulgarian will face frenchman gael monfils in the last eight.
Rafael Nadal beats John Isner 6-4 7-6 (7/5) at the Monte Carlo Masters. the world number three will now face Grigor Dimitrov in the quarter-finals. he will now face fellow spaniard David Ferrer in the last eight.
the referee for Floyd Mayweather's clash with Manny Pacquiao in Las Vegas next month will earn $10,000 (£6,800) the fight at the MGM Grand on may 2 is expected to draw revenue of around $400m (£273m) both fighters are hard at work in their preparations for the mega fight.
'i'm fighting for Filipinos' music video shows poverty in the country. boxer is joined by his compatriots as he sings and performs. the 36-year-old is hoping to sing after his showdown with Floyd mayweather.
atletico madrid have been pulling the strings in terms of transfers. the secret of their success is often exactly that – a secret. no club has used third-party ownership lenience in Spain more to its advantage than Atletico.
the third round ties were split over five days due to new years day matches. if they progress to the final, that will be contested on may 30. the massive premier league match between Chelsea and Manchester united is also scheduled to be televised at the same time as their semi-final against arsenal on Saturday.
'Chef Q' fills two shopping trolleys and spends $321.43 (around £220) she usually makes the champ healthy food, but not on snack day. mayweather is down to within three-and-a-half pounds of the welterweight limit.
atletico madrid drew 0-0 with real madrid in the champions league on tuesday. but atletico defender Miranda has criticised referee Milorad Mazic. the defender said officials from'minor leagues' should not be allowed to referee high-profile games.
'Inside Bayern Munich with Owen Hargreaves' airs on tuesday at 10pm on BT Sport 1. Philipp Lahm and Owen Hargreaves played together at bayern munich. lahm praised manager pep guardiola's 'tactical understanding'
theo Walcott has just over 12 months left on his current £90,000-a-week deal. the 26-year-old has attracted interest from premier league duo manchester city and liverpool. he is scheduled to sit down with gunners chiefs over the next fortnight.
real madrid drew 0-0 with atletico madrid at the Vicente Calderon on tuesday night. gareth bale missed the best chance of the game early in the first half. the striker has scored seven goals in his last three matches.
Mario Mandzukic appeared to be bitten by real madrid's Daniel Carvajal. the striker complained he was elbowed after a clash with Sergio Ramos. mandzukic had his face cut following a clash with the defender.
former manchester united midfielder defends soft porn film You and the Night. 48-year-old insists it is a 'piece of art' and not porn as some have claimed. he said: 'porn is not so aesthetic and so beautiful. but love is sex also'
eight of United’s first-team squad and six from City are from Spain or Spanish-speaking countries. nine english-speakers are expected to be in the two sides’ respective 18-man squads. the derby could see no Mancunians in either squad for the second time in a row.
aston villa beat spurs 1-0 at white hart lane at white hart lane on saturday. leandro Bacuna scored the winning goal for the hosts at white hart lane. crystal palace beat sunderland 4-1 at the etihad stadium on sunday.
Wilfried Zaha signed for manchester united for £10million in 2013. the 22-year-old winger was loaned back to the club for the rest of the season. he made just four appearances for the club in two years with the club.
javier Pastore is the best player in the world, according to former striker Eric Cantona. the argentine has scored three goals and five assists this season. the former manchester united forward was speaking at the Laureus world sports awards in Shanghai.
real madrid drew 0-0 with city rivals atletico on tuesday night. spanish papers praise 'dazzling displays' from atletico and real. spanish papers also praise 'dazzling displays' from Raphael Varane and Arda Turan.
Bournemouth drew 2-2 with Sheffield Wednesday at the etihad on wednesday. a late Chris Maguire penalty secured a point for the visitors. a man was sent off for a foul on callum Wilson in the second half.
Zlatan Ibrahimovic has scored 17 Ligue 1 goals for psg this season. but italian midfielder Marco Verratti believes his input off the pitch is just as important. the 33-year-old was suspended for the club's champions league quarter-final first leg against Barcelona last week.
former manchester united striker believes united are 'kings of the city' after derby win. cantona believes they have found the right man in louis van gaal to drive them to the premier league title next year. he also believes the onus they put on developing young players gives them the edge over city in the long run.
Bournemouth drew 2-2 with Sheffield Wednesday in the premier league on saturday. a foul on callum Wilson was not awarded a 'clear-cut' penalty. howe was at a loss as to why the decision was not given. click here for all the latest transfer news.
petr cech posted a video playing the drums to 'Magnificent' by U2. the 32-year-old has fallen behind belgian shot-stopper Thibaut Courtois. cech is expected to leave stamford bridge this summer.
manolo gabbiadini gave the visitors a four-goal lead moments after coming on as a second-half substitute. former arsenal striker Nicklas Bendtner pulled a goal back for the hosts in the first leg of the quarter-finals. the visitors came into the match having lost just once in their last 26 matches.
porto are unbeaten in the champions league this season. the 'dragons' beat basle 5-1 on aggregate in the last round. porto have only reached the quarter-finals once before this season.
a pit crew member was hit by a car during the inaugural indycar grand prix of Louisiana on sunday. front-outside tire changer Todd Phillips was injured when he was struck by the car of Francesco Dracone. the car spun while exiting his put box, clipping Phillips' leg. he has received stitches for a cut on his leg and has been released.
arjen Robben has missed his side's last three matches due to an abdominal injury. the former real madrid winger is close to returning to full fitness. he has revealed he will be able to start running again in a few days.
Jurgen Klopp announced he would be leaving Borussia Dortmund at the end of the season. he has won two Bundesliga titles, the german cup and reached the champions league final in 2013 at wembley. the cult boss has elevated himself into the realms of the cult manager. like pep guardiola and Jose Mourinho, Klopp has elevated himself into the realms of the cult manager.
alvaro arbeloa, asier Illarramendi and Nacho gave adidas a tour of their HQ. the trio were joined by adidas presenter roman Kemp during the tour. each player has their own personalised room in the complex.
a number of fans in the east stand at the Etihad stadium have been told that their £885 season cards will rocket to £1,750. but the club say that the seats have been upgraded and now come with a different package. some of the fans affected claim city are abusing their loyalty.
manchester city beat west ham 2-0 at the etihad stadium on sunday. the striker was caught in the face by on-rushing Cheikhou Kouyate. manuel pellegrini believes the referee did not mean to damage his player.
a flare hit the Russian keeper on the head in the opening seconds of the game. the match was abandoned after 67 minutes and both teams left the pitch. UEFA has ordered Montenegro to play its next two qualifying games behind closed doors - with one of those games suspended for two years. the football association of Montenegro has been fined £36,280.
manchester city's under 18s fell to a 3-1 defeat by Chelsea in the FA Youth Cup final first-leg on monday night. city captain Vincent Kompany, manager Manuel Pellegrini and head of youth development Patrick Vieira were in attendance.
manchester united beat city 2-0 at old trafford on saturday. marouane fellaini gave the hosts an early lead with a thumping header. edin dzeko equalised for the hosts with a fine finish.
chairman dejphon Chansiri said the trio would form a 'three-man sporting director by committee' at Hillsborough. former Hull owner Adam Pearson will advise on business.
Patrick Bamford won the championship player of the year award on sunday. the 21-year-old has scored 19 goals for middlesbrough this season. he believes his long-term future will be at stamford bridge.
chelsea are believed to have made an offer for FC Tokyo forward Yoshinori Muto. the 22-year-old would be the first Japanese player to sign for the club if he completes a move to stamford bridge this summer. but manager jose mourinho admits that commercial deals would never dictate his transfer policy.
moeen Ali has been named as an honorary ambassador for the official fan club in Pakistan. the 27-year-old cricketer has been called up for the final two tests in the west indies. he made the announcement on friday and said: 'i'm happy to announce I'm the new brand ambassador of Pak Reds'
winger Josh mantellato kicked four tries and kicked 14 points for Hull. winger's last three tries came within the space of seven decisive minutes. it was only the east yorkshire side's second cup success since 2011.
Monaco lost 1-0 to Juventus in the champions league on tuesday. defender Ricardo carvalho was booked for a challenge on alvaro morata. the referee pointed to the spot after the striker fell outside the area.
javier Pastore has been hailed as 'the best player in the world' by Eric Cantona. the argentine scored a brace as PSG reclaimed top spot in Ligue 1. pastore believes Lionel Messi and Cristiano Ronaldo are a class above him.
Huddersfield beat catalans dragons 38-14 to end three-match losing run. in-form winger Aaron Murphy scored twice in a seven-try romp. he was on hand when Ukuma Ta'ai caught and off-loaded a kick.
Gary Cahill is yet to win the premier league with Chelsea since joining in 2012. the defender has won four cups with the club, including the champions league. but he believes it would be his most testing achievement yet.
'i'm getting bored by Newcastle,' says sportsmail columnist. carragher slams the chairman and says he's alarmed at the state. 'when you watched them over the years there was madness, there was excitement, stupid goals going in one end and then the other, but it was exciting'.
the Ligue 1 champions lost 3-1 to barcelona in the first leg last week. a brace from Luis Suarez secured a 3-1 victory for the Ligue 1 champions. but coach Laurent Blanc says his side must play as if they have nothing to lose.
Bangladesh beat fellow world cup quarter-finalists Pakistan by 79 runs. Tamim Iqbal and Mushfiqur Rahim scored centuries as Bangladesh made 329 for six and Pakistan could only muster 250 in reply. Pakistan will have the chance to level the three-match series on Sunday when the second ODI takes place in Mirpur.
Andy Lee is making his first defence of his WBO middleweight belt. the former champion is yet to taste defeat as a professional. he is confident he is ready for anything the former champion has in his locker.
Eddie Hearn has unveiled a cheque with his offer to Sky TV cameras. he wants to force a deal with the defending super-bantamweight champion. but efforts to make a super-fight with Scott Quigg remain deadlocked.
driver was pulled over for suspected drink driving in chico, california. he claims he was wrestled to the floor and 'hog tied' by two policemen. footage shows him being repeatedly hit with an object as he lay on road. he claims he was subjected to violence 'without provocation' and suffered acute respiratory failure.
the tour down under is a big part of the international cycling season. it contributes more to the south australian economy than the F1 Grand Prix. sian's trip to Adelaide is enough to convince anyone that it is the true food capital of australia.
bridget Olinda Garcia, 32, had confiscated her 13-year-old's mobile phone. she was leaving the house in Port St. Lucie, south-east florida, following 'a brief altercation' after bundling his three siblings into her car, she started reversing down her driveway, when the teenager jumped on the hood. she continued to reverse the car for 200ft, before driving onwards some 200ft with her son on the hood before stopping
Cassey's YouTube channel, Blogilates, has over two million subscribers. in a powerful and provocative new video, she highlights the cruel comments left by viewers of her fitness-focused clips. the 28-year-old says negative comments on her videos are nothing new, but the flood of nastiness has grown especially bad.
'Stay Clear Boys,' a message on the shirt warns. 'this is my dad!' the image was first shared on reddit under the headline 'Dad security' at the weekend.
Steven Pienaar has made just 11 appearances for the toffees this season. the midfielder has been dogged by groin and knee injuries. he returned to action earlier this month but muscle fatigue ruled him out of the win over burnley last weekend.
female customers are demanding a place at the bottom of the garden to call their own. they are decked out with Moroccan rugs, cushions, chandeliers and coffee tables. some have gone one step further and installed a diner in theirs.
the 250-piece Lilly Pulitzer for Target collection sold out online and flew off shelves at stores shortly after debuting on sunday. the late fashion trendsetter's granddaughter, 26-year-old Lilly Leas, managed to buy a floral-printed hammock online, but only because she set an alarm. her own daughter, 58-year-old Realtor Liza, admitted that she was unable to purchase any items from the collection. more than 30,000 pieces have been listed for resale
arsenal face reading in the semi-final of the premier league on tuesday. welbeck scored against manchester united in the premier league last season. the striker expects a tough test at wembley for the second year in a row.
Chelsea have announced a partnership with leading wellness solutions provider Technogym. the company have kitted out their Cobham training ground with state-of-the-art equipment. players including Eden Hazard and cesar azpilicueta have been pictured working out.
falcao was introduced as a second-half substitute against liverpool. the striker spent the evening in the company of defender Jonas Gutierrez. the 29-year-old posted a picture of the pair on his Instagram account.
Virgil van Dijk scored his second 20-yard free-kick in as many games. van Dijk is eight points clear at the top of the scottish premiership with five games to play.
Floyd Mayweather and Manny Pacquiao have shown off their toned physiques. the fight takes place at the Las Vegas, MGM Grand Garden Arena on may 2. the fight is expected to earn an estimated $180m from the pay-per-view fight.
stingray nibbles on freediver's head as he lay still on the ocean floor. ray swam over the 29-year-old commercial diver's body three times. 'i was totally at peace. I loved that thing going over the top of me,' he said.
'battle of Holland' saw reigning premier league darts champion Raymond van Barneveld defeat world no 1 Michael van Gerwen 7-3. van Barneveld earned bragging rights and gave himself a fighting chance of qualifying for the knockout stages. van Persie watched the bout on a camel TV and showed his support on his Instagram page.
former barcelona defender says the current crop are on their way to treble. he was part of the team that won six trophies in 2009. the catalan giants will face athletic bilbao in the final.
Sergio Ramos opened the scoring for real madrid in the 24th-minute. James Rodriguez doubled the lead in the 69th-minute with a header. gareth bale made a pulling motion with his hands to the bench.
richie Benaud died last Friday at the age of 84 of complications from skin cancer. his wife, daphne, declined the offer of a state funeral. a small private funeral was attended by close family and friends in Sydney.
Nacer Chadli opened the scoring for Tottenham on the half-hour mark with a well-placed left-footed strike. Christian Eriksen equalised for the visitors with a curling free-kick after a mistake. the result equalled a club-record rot of six straight defeats in the premier league.
Divock origi signed for liverpool for £10million last summer. the 20-year-old has been loaned back to former club Lille. origi says his compatriot has been advising him about life at the club.
inverness defender Josh Meekings has been retrospectively suspended. the defender was charged over the handball that thwarted a leigh Griffiths effort in their semi-final win over Celtic on sunday. if upheld, inverness will be denied a place in the final.
a proposed new set of regulations to try and crack down on violence at sports events is opposed by both FIFA and UEFA. the bill, entitled 'Measures for the confrontation of violence in Greek sports and other provisions', will be reviewed by the cultural affairs committee from April 27-30 and discussed in parliament on may 4-5. matches in Greece have been suspended three times just this season.
argentine striker Sergio Aguero scored his 20th league goal of the season to put city 2-0 up at the break. defender James Collins' miss-timed clearance looped over defender James Collins for an own goal. manuel pellegrini's side have lost three of their last eight games.
united lost seven of their 19 league games at old trafford last season. under van gaal, united have already won more league points than last season. united have won 3-0 and 4-2 in the corresponding fixtures this season.
Diego Simeone and Carlo Ancelotti were runners-up at the ballon d'or in January. ancelotti reportedly told Simeone that life in Madrid would be a lot easier if Atletico Madrid weren't around. the italian has been knocked out of the Copa del Rey by his nemesis.
a 4WD burst into flames in the middle of an outdoor car park at Sydney airport's busy international terminal car park. the red 4WD was fully engulfed in flames when authorities arrived and witnesses reported seeing fire spewing from the bonnet of the vehicle. the fire caused traffic delays throughout the international terminal due to heavy smoke.
the 50-year-old collapsed and died at his hotel in the tourist town of Kuta. he was unable to be revived, but a doctor at the scene said that it was likely he died of a heart attack. it's believed that the man is from Seymour in Victoria.
an airport luggage conveyor belt has a novel way of separating bags. out of nowhere a mechanical arm slams into the bags and thrusts them onto a lower track. the mechanism appears to work on a sensor system, ensuring it strikes out at the centre of the luggage so as not to spin it.
Tegan Peters, 22, found a tennis ball deliberately covered in sharp pins in Ti Rakau park, south of Auckland. she thought it could be a good present for her one-year-old Rottweiler-cross, Odin. 'there were upwards of 20 needles sticking out and got a real shock,' she said.
Michael J from Michigan filmed his 11-month-old daughter leighton in floods of tears before she was handed a french fry to lure over the family pup, Zayla. Footage shows the little girl reaching down to feed the hungry canine and chuckling with delight when he snaps the treat up.
insurers are increasingly checking people's social media accounts following a break-in. they are using this as a reason not to pay out if they are burgled. most firms have a'reasonable care' clause in contracts, meaning they are not liable if people did not protect their possessions.
in a police video released on Monday, Sapp, 42, cries, cackles and confesses during his prostitution arrest. he was arrested the night after the super bowl at the Renaissance hotel in phoenix, arizona. he was charged with soliciting prostitution and two counts of assault.
a Texas school worker is facing an animal cruelty charge after police say he was caught on tape tossing five puppies over a six-foot fence at the Humane Society on Saturday. Paul Warren Smith, 61, was identified as the man in a white Marshall Independent School District van seen in surveillance video tossing five puppies over a chain-link fence. all five puppies are healthy and uninjured; each will be put up for adoption when they are at least 8 weeks old.
delayed flight from Madrid to Manchester was due to land at 11.25pm on friday. but by the time they arrived three hours later, they disembarked to find empty arrivals hall at Terminal 3. passengers claim they were not asked for documents but were able to simply stroll past empty security cubicles. border force claim a number of passengers were checked by officers on their arrival into the airport. former airport worker claimed arriving passengers are frequently unchecked.
the tory leader hit back at presenter after being left baffled by questions. came as he turned the clock back to ape John Major’s election soapbox. he promised at the weekend he would ‘take to the streets’ to defend the record.
young german shepherd named Kali bounces about the decking playfully. its adoptive mother watches the puppy while relaxing on the floor. the young dog makes a lunge for its toy bone but her mother pushes it down.
the man, who has not been named, fell onto electrified tracks in Washington, D.C., on Tuesday afternoon. he was pulled up from the rails by two men who leaped down after him. it is unclear exactly what sent the electric wheelchair tumbling over the edge of the platform.
Virgil van Dijk scored in the 3-2 defeat to inverness on sunday. manager ronny deila had targeted the treble in his first season. but the hoops lost 3-2 in the William Hill Scottish Cup semi-final.
Patrick Bamford has scored 19 goals for middlesbrough this season. he is the championship's player of the year and is on loan from Chelsea. the midfielder wants to fight for his place at the etihad stadium.
traffic began to build up on the M58 around Switch island in merseyside. a silver Mercedes attempted to sail up the inside lane to avoid waiting. but a silver Renault pulled into the inside lane to block the Mercedes. the two cars then swerve around the lane blocking the Mercedes from passing. the incident was captured on a dashcam by a passing motorist.
porto lost 6-1 at home to german side Bayern Munich on tuesday night. a 3-1 first leg aggregate advantage turned into a 7-4 deficit in the second leg. porto were given a hero's welcome on their return from the quarter-finals.
the 20-year-old has been filmed apparently inhaling nitrous oxide. the legal high is also known as 'hippy crack' and starves the brain of oxygen. he was also exposed on sunday after he was caught puffing on a pipe.
the 19-year-old has been in contract dispute with his club atletico paranaense. he is due to speak to Chelsea next week ahead of a proposed move to the etihad stadium. he would join fellow brazilians Willian, Ramires, Filipe Luis and Oscar at the etihad.
a 17-year-old student was arrested and charged with aggravated assault. the boy was reportedly in the coach's office in order to turn in paperwork concerning his trying out for the team. 'the kid just went nuts on him. Coach Aydelott was sitting down at his desk and the guy just kept whaling on him,' said the principal.
the 20-day-old'spider goat' was born with four forelegs and two hind legs. owner Xiao Qibin said the goat is healthy and has an 'extraordinary appetite'
Alassane Plea has scored three goals for Nice this season. the 22-year-old can also play as an attacking midfielder. former blackburn defender Bryan Dabo is also on scouts' radar.
sergey burkaev, 16, and konstantin surkov, 17, 'raped last victim' they 'doused bodies in petrol and set them alight at a flat in south-west Russia' pair 'fled in a stolen car but were arrested by traffic officers who saw it being driven erratically' if convicted, both teens could be jailed for life.
england midfielder will make decision at the end of the season. he has been linked with a move to liverpool, arsenal and everton. but he is frustrated by reports suggesting he has already outlined a move.
Serie a champions Juventus want to strengthen their attacking options this summer. a report in italy claims they have a plan in place to sign the in-demand striker. cavani has admitted he is concerned about playing out of position under Laurent Blanc.
lazio beat napoli 1-0 in the second leg of the coppa italia semi-final. lazio midfielder Felipe Anderson set up the winner for the champions. the 21-year-old has attracted interest from psg, manchester city, liverpool and arsenal.
andre Gomes has been linked with a move to premier league duo Manchester united and Chelsea. the 21-year-old midfielder insists he is happy to stay at the club. he has netted four times in 25 La Liga appearances since leaving last summer.
Memphis Depay has scored 19 goals in 25 league games so far this season. the 21-year-old has been tipped to join one of Europe's biggest boys. depay's former boss louis van gaal is said to be in the race to sign him.
the 29-year-old fractured his ankle playing against Yeovil in september 2013. he was set for a call up to the republic of ireland squad prior to injury. bolton defender is poised to announce his retirement on tuesday.
Ignacio Piatti opened the scoring with the message 'Grandfather I love you'. oribe peralta equalised in the 89th minute to earn a draw for the impact. a second-half substitute headed home a cross from argentine midfielder Rubens Sambueza.
a £4million deal has been mooted for the 22-year-old forward. but he admits he isn't sure if he will join the premier league title chasers. he scored 13 times in his debut season for the japanese side.
defender has rejected rumours linking him with a move away from anfield. the 30-year-old has been linked with a move to Serie a side Napoli. but he has said his future remains at the premier league side.
two in three women feel anxious just having their photo taken. looking at snaps on social media made 41 per cent feel bad about themselves. of children who took selfies, 79 per cent said they were happy with the way they looked.
Siem de Jong played 72 minutes for the club's under-21s on Tuesday. it was his second appearance for the club since recovering from a collapsed lung. the 26-year-old admits he is still short of match fitness. but he hopes to be involved in first-team again soon.
retired policeman, 71, bravely ventured on to motorway near Watford. he was struck by a Toyota driven by mother-of-three Iram Shahzad. as he tended victim, 67-year-old was struck and killed on the motorway.
Abou Diaby's contract expires at the end of the season. the frenchman has suffered 42 injuries since joining the club in 2006. he has made just 22 appearances in four seasons for the gunners.
incident happened on an unregistered road between the A417 and cowley. driver had followed his sat nav down the country lane and lost his roof. officers tweeted a picture of the incident to warn other drivers.
manchester city beat west ham 2-0 at the etihad stadium on sunday. striker David Silva was caught in the face by an elbow from Cheikhou Kouyate. the spaniard was taken to hospital but tests have confirmed no fractures. manuel pellegrini's side are joint top of the premier league table.
ex-Kop striker Stan Collymore believes under-fire manager Brendan rodgers is the right man to take the club forward. the 42-year-old has come under fire after a disappointing third season. rodgers' side were dumped out of the FA Cup semi-finals by aston villa.
the 29-year-old was caught in the face by an elbow from west Ham's Cheikhou Kouyate. he required eight minutes of treatment before being taken to hospital. but tests revealed he had not suffered a fracture and could make swift return.
aston villa and reading have been charged by the fa for crowd disturbances. villa beat west brom 2-0 at villa park in the sixth round of the fa cup. reading beat Bradford 3-0 in a replay at the madejski stadium on saturday.
Tomas Berdych defeated Gael Monfis 6-1, 6-4 on Saturday. the sixth seed will face either Rafael Nadal or top-ranked Novak Djokovic. monfils won just 11 points in a lopsided first set.
Jeremy 'J Flash' Nichols gives a mock interview as unbeaten boxer. 'J Flash' pokes fun at the 'Pacman's' faith and sings his own entrance song. he also ridicules the 'Pacman's' religious faith. the fight will be held at the MGM grand in Las Vegas on may 2.
sheik Joaan al Thani has signed up Gregory Benoist to ride in France. he is the only jockey to have ridden Elie Lellouche-trained Ectot. dettori finished third on al Shaqab’s Moheet in yesterday’s Novae Bloodstock Craven Stakes.
Clermont lost 1-0 to Saracens in the european final on saturday. maro Itojie made his first start for the club in a tight first half. mark McCall's men will now focus on the Aviva premiership.
Kevin Pietersen scored 170 in his first outing for Surrey this season. the 34-year-old scored just 19 against Glamorgan on sunday. former captain Mike Gatting believes he should not walk straight back.
west indies captain Denesh Ramdin confirms leg-spinner Devendra Bishoo will play. the 29-year-old will play in the second test at the national stadium in grenada. bishoo's record over 11 caps is modest, with 40 wickets at 39.55.
Zimbabwe have reportedly agreed to travel for a short one-day international series. no tourists have played in Pakistan because of security fears since the terrorist attack on Sri Lanka's team bus in march 2009. 'Home' Test and ODI series in the meantime have taken place in the united arab emirates.
the Warriors built a 15-point lead into the final minute of the third quarter. new Orleans power forward Anthony Davis scored a game-high 35 points, 20 in the fourth quarter. Visiting Washington outscored Toronto 11-4 in the overtime.
Saracens take on clermont auvergne at the stade geoffroy-guichard on saturday. if every player in his squad gets on to the field, they will be 23 warriors. Jacques Burger, last year's nemesis in the semi-final, is back after a one-match suspension.
alastair cook is unbeaten in four Tests and is unbeaten in four. but his hopes of remaining captain in the ashes this summer hinge on what is going on back home. he is not concerned about his failure to hit a Test century since may 2013.
this year marks the 40th anniversary of snooker’s most prestigious tournament at the Crucible Theatre. there is interest from China in hosting the event. but hearn has revealed he is close to extending deals with Sheffield City Council, and broadcast partner the BBC, both of which expire in 2017.
Scott Sinclair is currently on loan at Aston villa from manchester city. the winger can be bought for £2.5million in the summer. the 26-year-old has scored three goals in 10 games for the club.
burnley striker Danny Ings is a target for manchester united and liverpool. the 22-year-old has also been linked with moves to monchengladbach and real sociedad. ings insists he is aiming to play and develop wherever he ends up.
world dressage champion Charlotte Dujardin won the grand prix at the world cup in Las Vegas. the 29-year-old and her horse Valegro recorded a score of 85.414 percent to finish clear of Dutchman Edward Gal. her score was short of the 87.129 she recorded in breaking her own world record last year.
Sam Gallagher scored the winner as Southampton U21s beat blackburn 2-1. the 19-year-old has not been named in the matchday squad since the arrival of Ronald Koeman. the striker says he hopes to end the under-21 premier league strong.
Fernando Torres and Steven Gerrard became good friends during his successful career at the club. the striker has scored four goals since returning to atletico on loan. the 31-year-old believes the former liverpool captain is the best.
four queens park rangers fans jailed for football-related disorder. incident occurred after last season's 3-3 draw with burnley at loftus road. childs, Hutchins, Foreman and pack were also sentenced on friday.
Jonas Gutierrez was dropped from the squad for the 3-1 defeat by Tottenham. the Argentinian was left out for'selection reasons' after a row with carver. the 31-year-old's contract is up in the summer and he will be let go.
Defoe posted a photo via his Instagram page which showed him enjoying a game of basketball. the former spurs forward scored a sublime volley as his side defeated rivals Newcastle 1-0 earlier this month. sunderland are in the middle of a premier league relegation battle with only one win in nine.
sunderland lost 4-0 at home to crystal palace in the premier league on saturday. the defeat was the fourth in the premier league this season. a hat-trick from Yannick Bolasie secured a hat-trick for the visitors.
sunderland are three points above the relegation zone but have won just one in nine. the black cats are odds-on to finish inside the bottom three. manager Dick Advocaat has never been relegated during 28 years as a manager.
Nelson Oliveira is on loan at Swansea from Portuguese giants Benfica. the 23-year-old has struggled to make an impression in south Wales. oliveira is hoping to take his chance presented to him by the absence of in-form Bafetimbi Gomis.
FIFA president sepp Blatter met with Russia president Valdimir Putin. the 79-year-old is expecting a 'wonderful' event at the 2018 world cup. sochi will be one of 11 host cities where matches will take place.
sporting director Txiki begiristain watched porto vs Bayern on tuesday. begiristain also wants former chelsea midfielder Kevin de Bruyne. city are keen to revamp their squad when the summer transfer window opens.
former QPR boss says he has been rescued by the kids this season. 'finishing sixth or seventh is certainly not going forward,' says redknapp. argentine boss Mauricio pochettino has put faith in the likes of Harry Kane, Nabil Bentaleb and Ryan Mason.
the 16-year-old was substituted after 65 minutes against Tudelano. the wonderkid was dropped previously by manager Zinedine Zidane. he was substituted with the club's second team a goal down.
pep guardiola's trousers tore at the top of his leg as he orchestrated Bayern's 6-1 win against porto. 'it even bursts Pep's pants!' says Bild.'safety for fixed Bayern' reports on porto's 'terror in Munich'.
mark Halsey has slammed the FA's decision to ignore mark Clattenburg. the former premier league referee said the english game would be a 'laughing stock'. 'it's clear Mark Clattenburg should be in charge,' said Halsey.
Florin Andone has scored six goals in 16 games for cordoba. the 22-year-old is valued at around £6million. andone is also rivalling west bromwich albion for Bakary Sako.
'he deserves this moment because he has worked a lot,' says Mauricio pochettino. 'i think our performance was better than Newcastle's,' says pochettino. 'we need to push him to try to improve his level,' says pochettino.
dele alli has impressed for the likes of Milton keynes dons this season. the 19-year-old was loaned back to the club for the remainder of the season. alli has set his sights on playing for the under 20s at the toulon tournament.
carles N'Zogbia posed in his flowery outfit before training on Tuesday. the keeper described it as the 'worst outfit ever' on twitter. sherwood became famous for wearing a gilet during his time as spurs boss.
Cristiano Ronaldo helped Portugal go top of Euro 2016 qualifying group i with a 2-1 win against Serbia on Sunday evening. he was pictured greeting fellow galactico Gareth Bale, who also enjoyed a successful weekend with his country as he scored twice in Wales' 3-0 win against Israel in Haifa. real's first-team - and talented youngster Martin Odegaard - were reunited on Wednesday.
Charlie Pye applied for the role when Paul Lambert was sacked. the 6-year-old wanted a chocolate bar as a win bonus and some sweets. sherwood wrote him a letter congratulating him on his credentials. sherwood has guided villa six points above the relegation zone.
arsenal face reading in the FA cup semi-final at wembley on saturday. the gunners have won 16 out of 18 matches in all competitions. per Mertesacker will not allow himself any sense of complacency. the german will lead the team out with captain Mikel Arteta still not fit.
crystal palace host west bromwich albion in the premier league on saturday. everton host burnley in the premier league on saturday. liverpool host aston villa in the premier league on saturday.
real madrid's £2.3m, 16-year-old wonderkid Martin Odegaard has been dropped from the club's B-team Castilla. the norwegian is said to be on a different wavelength to his team-mates as he rarely trains with them. Odegaard was chased by a host of top european clubs before he left Stromsgodset.
per Mertesacker says jurgen Klopp would be a good fit in the premier league. the german says he would be a top manager if he continued his career abroad. the 47-year-old revealed he will be vacating his role at the end of the season.
Oscar has not played a full 90 minutes for the blues since January. there have been suggestions he could be offloaded by manager jose mourinho. but the 23-year-old insists he is happy at the club and will stay.
boxer is the richest sportsman in the world, nicknamed 'Money' for his ostentatious displays of wealth as his actual bank balance. mayweather posted a picture to social media showing him standing in front of a fleet of super cars and a private jet. marvin hagler believes he lacks class and puts people to sleep with his performances.
former arsenal keeper says save against Sheffield United was the best he ever made. the 51-year-old says it topped his penalty heroics at Euro 96 for England. arsene wenger has been warned not to underestimate his semi-final opponents.
former undisputed super-middleweight champion enjoyed a holiday in barbados. the couple took to the sea for a jet ski and a swim before the rain came down. they retreated to a single sun lounger where they sipped beer.
united have held talks with burnley over the signing of Danny Ings. the 22-year-old striker is out of contract in the summer. ings has scored nine goals so far in his first season in the premier league.
'the nation's fist' wrote and directed the music video. 'lalaban Ako Para Sa Filipino' translates as 'i will fight for the fillipino' montage of fights and humanitarian efforts fade in and out. if mayweather calls on his friend and cheerleader to come up with his own entrance song has not been confirmed.
world no 1 van Gerwen beat countryman van Barneveld 7-2 last week. the 25-year-old remains undefeated in premier league darts. van Gerwen posed with compatriots daley blind and Robin van Persie.
the 54-year-old squandered a 4-2 lead to lose 7-4 against Dave Chisnall. the defeat sees the 54-year-old finish the opening set of round robin fixtures in fifth. the match was the last in a pulsating evening in Manchester dubbed 'Judgement Night'.
the weekend australia carried tributes to 'the face of cricket' on Saturday. the Daily Telegraph had a special tribute edition with the headline 'the voice of our endless summers falls silent' while the Age simply had a picture of Benaud standing on a cricket field with the dates 1930-2015.
a routine shot from Alexis Sanchez squirmed agonisingly through the legs of Adam Federici. the goalkeeper knelt to gather it but somehow it trickled over the line as he scrambled in vain to retrieve it. it was a routine shot from Sanchez but the Reading stopper failed to collect it properly in his grasp. it was an embarrassing gaffe and will be remembered for years to come.
Ian Bell, Joe Root and the rejuvenated Ben Stokes helped restore order in this crucial first Test. the last time England played a Test at the Sir Viv Richards Stadium, in 2009, it was abandoned after 10 balls because of an unplayable outfield. the last time England played a Test at the Sir Viv Richards Stadium, in 2009, it was abandoned after 10 balls because of an unplayable outfield.
Radamel falcao has struggled to reach the heights he achieved before injury. the former atletico madrid striker moved to old trafford on a season-long loan last summer. former Monaco team-mate Nabil Dirar believes the Colombian must be regretting his loan move.
supporters are planning to boycott today's game at home to Spurs. they are protesting against owner Mike Ashley for a perceived lack of ambition. former manager pardew was booed every time he ventured to the touchline.
rodgers will remind sterling of his responsibilities after his recent controversies. the 20-year-old has been videoed passing out after allegedly inhaling nitrous oxide, also known as 'hippy crack'. the youngster scored the opener in the 2-0 win over Newcastle united.
an own goal by James Collins and Sergio Aguero's 20th Premier League strike of the season was enough to give city the three points. yaya toure and adam lallana also impressed for the hosts.
Newcastle fans stayed away from the game against Tottenham on sunday. several hundred gathered outside of the stadium before kick-off. they called for billionaire Mike Ashley to quit the club. sunderland fans rented a plane and banner to fly over the stadium.
west ham face manchester city at the etihad stadium on sunday. city had won their last five games against the hammers in dominant style. defender Winston Reid says he and his team-mates no longer fear facing city.
Carlo Ancelotti has been linked with a return to the premier league. but he says he will remain in charge of the 10-time european champions. ancelotti believes goalkeeper Iker Casillas will also be staying at the club.
Rafa Benitez was appointed interim manager of the blues in 2012. he was given a frosty reception after making a number of derogatory comments about the club during his time at the club. he is set to leave the etihad stadium this summer and will have a host of clubs.
the agent of Yaya Toure has called manuel Pellegrini a 'weak manager' he also criticised the club's chief executive Ferran Soriano and director of football Txiki Begiristain. toure has been linked with a move away from the premier league.
chelsea beat manchester united 1-0 at the etihad stadium on saturday. the blues held the ball for just 29 per cent of the match at stamford bridge. it was their lowest total over 90 minutes since the league began in 2006. manager jose mourinho says he is unconcerned by statistics and only cares about getting results.
asmir Begovic has been linked with a summer move to real madrid. the 27-year-old goalkeeper has been one of the premier league's most consistent keepers. but mark Hughes has played down reports of the goalkeeper leaving.
Luis Suarez scores twice to make it 3-0 at the etihad stadium on saturday. the uruguayan sends keeper Salvatore Sirigu the wrong way in the first half. suarez then scores his second goal of the game in the 79th minute.
barcelona president says the club are'very happy' with manager's performance. bartomeu refutes claims that he will be replaced in the summer. the 44-year-old only took charge of the club last summer.
Cristiano Ronaldo scored the landmark goal against Rayo Vallecano on April 8. the 30-year-old only trails Raul (323 goals) and Alfredo di Stefano (307) in the scoring charts for the spanish giants. after training on friday Ronaldo posed with the commemorative '300' strip.
barcelona president says 'he has a place at the nou camp until he decides to retire'. argentine has been linked with a move away from the nou camp earlier this year. he scored 400th goal for barca in 2-0 victory over Valencia.
Falcao joined united on a one-year loan deal in September. the striker has scored just four goals in 25 appearances this season. Monaco vice-president vadim Vasilyev says they are yet to decide.
Leonardo Jardim insists he is proud of his players after reaching the quarter-finals. the Monaco boss believes he doesn't need to make big investments to reach the semi-finals of european football's premier club competition. les rouges et blancs are third in Ligue 1 and still in with a chance of qualifying for the semi-finals of the competition for the first time in 11 years.
a conference call about a fight with mayweather was abruptly cancelled. a spokesman for Pacquiao's promoter blamed technical difficulties. he apologised and said it would be rescheduled.
vice-captain had 14 months remaining on his current contract. his advisors had been in talks with the club since the beginning of this season. his new deal is worth around £100,000-a-week and will run until 2020.
Rafa Benitez admits he tried to raid former club Chelsea to sign andre Schurrle before the midfielder joined Wolfsburg in January. the former blues boss also admitted to trying to sign Ivan Perisic and Luiz Gustavo before their January departures. 'this is perhaps the best team i've ever had,' he said.
a video shows brazilian ace Neymar kneeing fellow south american striker suarez where it hurts during a training session. suarez has scored 19 goals in all competitions for the catalans since joining the club this season. the former liverpool striker admits he was nervous at the prospect of playing alongside Lionel Messi and Neymar at the nou camp.
new Hamburg coach Bruno Labbadia made a losing return to the bench. argentine di Santo scored the winner in the 84th minute for the visitors. he converted his spot-kick for his 13th goal of the season.
arsenal beat reading 2-1 in extra-time to reach the final of the fa cup. a fumble from Reading goalkeeper Adam Federici gave the gunners victory. arsene wenger admitted his side were 'a bit lucky' to win.
Divock origi joined liverpool after impressing at last summer's world cup. the 19-year-old was loaned back to Lille for this season. he was voted the second most overrated player in a poll by France Football.
of the 189 Premier League matches he has overseen, he has 101 clean sheets. he also has the best average of goals conceded per game in premier league history. he beats out the man he replaced at the end of the season, Rafa Benitez.
the boxer has shared a video flaunting his diamond-encrusted watches, fleet of super-cars and carpets of cash on his Instagram account. the 15-second video was shot and edited by director James 'JP' Dayap, a proud member of the boxer's the money team brand. a few seconds of the video even feature four half-naked girls twerking for his amusement.
atletico madrid are in talks to sign argentine forward Paulo Dybala. a representative for Palermo, Gustavo Mascardi, is in the spanish capital. a porto coach, Julen Lopetegui, has been linked with real madrid.
manuel pellegrini's side are fourth in the premier league, 12 points behind leaders chelsea. city lost 4-2 to manchester united at old trafford on saturday. goalkeeper Joe Hart has been lamenting the club's fall from grace.
the 40-year-old taekwondo fighter will meet with taekwondo officials in the hope of competing in next year's Olympics. the Brazilian taekwondo confederation said 'this wonderful possibility' of Silva competing in the Olympics will be discussed next week. Silva is currently suspended by the u.s. boxing association after failing drug tests.
AP McCoy won the Melling Chase at Aintree on friday. don cossack took apart a strong field with a 26-length defeat of Cue Card. a dramatic race saw Balder Succes fall at the third fence and Sire de Grugy come down at the sixth.
Serie a side Juventus have made a move for palermo striker Paulo Dybala, according to reports in italy. the 21-year-old has also been linked with a move to manchester united and arsenal. palermo president Maurizio Zamperini is hoping interest from clubs such as united and arsenal will spark a bidding war.
Andy Flower is technical director of elite coaching at the ECB. flower guided sides to three Ashes triumphs and the world no 1 spot. he has no wish to get involved at senior level again or become entangled in politics.
bayern munich lost 3-1 to porto in the champions league on tuesday. doctor Hans-Wilhelm Muller-Wohlfahrt has quit the club. the 72-year-old has been at the club for almost 40 years. his sons Kilian, Peter Ueblacker and Lutz Hansel have also resigned.
ander Herrera has been hailed as the one player who could take over the mantle of creating and scoring goals from midfield. the 25-year-old took part in one of the Manchester united Foundation's dream days on Monday. Herrera has scored seven goals in 26 appearances since his £28.8million arrival from athletic Bilbao last summer.
the city of Eugene in the united states has been awarded the rights to host the 2021 IAAF World Championships. the international association of athletics Federations council bypassed the usual bidding process because of what it saw as a 'unique strategic opportunity' the 2007 world championships held in Osaka, Japan was also awarded without a bidding process.
'this year is just about coming back,' said the 29-year-old. she will compete against 22-year-old Katarina-Johnson Thompson in heptathlon at the end of may. 'it is quite hard to judge because I have never come back from this,' she said.
psv eindhoven have made enquiries for the 21-year-old winger. united have also made enquiries for the england international. the reds have also spoken to the player's representatives.
Tatyana Chernova failed a drugs test two years before beating Jessica Ennis-Hill in the heptathlon in south Korea in 2011. the russian anti-doping agency issued a backdated ban and annulled her records from 15 august 2009 to 14 august 2011. 'i don't think you should be allowed to come back and keep your medals. it doesn't seem fair,' said Ennis-Hill.
atletico madrid drew 0-0 with real madrid in their champions league quarter-final first leg. mandzukic suffered a cut to the top of the nose from an elbow by Sergio Ramos and fellow Real defender Dani Carvajal punched him in the stomach. he also suffered an ankle injury that forced him to miss Saturday's 2-1 win at deportivo la coruna in la Liga.
real madrid face atletico madrid in the second leg of their champions league quarter-final at the Santiago Bernabeu on tuesday night. the two teams meet in the second leg with the scoreline goalless following the first encounter on April 14. real boss Carlo Ancelotti is adamant his side can cope without injured trio Luka Modric, Gareth Bale and Karim Benzema.
real madrid face rivals atletico madrid in the champions league on tuesday. the spanish giants were held to a 0-0 draw in the first leg last week. atletico have beaten real four times and drawn against them three times.
slumbering traveller went on a trip of a lifetime to see the amazon rainforest. but he missed a pink dolphin watching tour and piranha fishing expedition. his cousin Roxy de la Rosa posted the pictures on reddit.
Jessica Carey surprised her grandmother with a portrait of her grandmother. she drove more than three hours to visit her grandmother in washington. as she walked through the door, she revealed she had a portrait of a younger Patty Lawing tattooed on her forearm. her heartwarming reaction was captured on film by a relative.
Adam Johnson was considered a prospect for Roy hodgson as recently as a year ago. he was charged with three counts of sexual activity with an underage girl and one of grooming. the 26-year-old scored seven times in seven games for sunderland last season.
Aston villa are poised to be relegated and need to raise funds. villa have held talks over the 22-year-old earlier this week. andone has scored six goals in 17 games for the struggling spanish side.
Shaheen Pirouz from Denton, Texas, filmed her pet canine being propped up and repeatedly falling forwards. footage shows him being positioned on his back legs, with his eyes immediately starting to close. he then flops over to one side as he falls into a deep sleep.
labour's football-mad Scottish leader scored the winning goal in the friendly match against the tories in Edinburgh. the match was organised to help motor neurone disease campaigner Gordon Aikman in his fight against the terminal condition.
defender's future came under question after he appeared to hint at a move to arsenal. the 23-year-old's claims that arsenal were interested in his services were catalyst. but saints boss Ronald Koeman says his players must remain focused on european qualification.
inverness beat Celtic 3-2 after extra-time to reach the final of the scottish cup. defender Josh Meekings was not sent off and no penalty was given. a three-man judicial panel dismissed the charge of deliberate handball.
a group of disabled supporters say they are 'disgusted' with the club. they claim they are trying to force migration to other parts of the stadium. the club have increased the cost of some season tickets from £870 to £1,700.
Frank Knight settled before court proceedings with the owners of blackpool. supporters up and down the country have reacted by raising close to £15,000 in under three days. a fellow blackpool fan began a fundraising page on the website ‘go fund me’ which has attracted interest across the country.
lazio beat juve 2-0 to move 15 points clear of lazio at the top of Serie A. a goal in 50 seconds from Luis Suarez followed by a 93rd minute strike from Lionel Messi gave Barcelona a hard-fought 2-0 victory over Valencia. in france, l'equipe lead the french coverage after beating Nice 3-1.
aston villa host liverpool in the fa cup semi-final on sunday. the reds striker was impersonated by comedian Darren Farley. farley specialises in mimicking a number of club stars both past and present.
cristiano ronaldo has scored eight goals in the champions league this term. but lukas podolski's hat-trick against BATE Borsiov makes history. ronaldo is out of contract in December and could move to the premier league.
chelsea beat manchester united 1-0 at the etihad stadium on saturday. goalkeeper Kurt Zouma was deployed in a defensive midfield role. the 20-year-old was specifically deployed to stop marouane Fellaini.
Zinedine zidane says he likes Eden Hazard more than Cristiano Ronaldo and Lionel Messi. the real madrid reserve manager tied Hazard down to a new five-year deal in february. he said: 'i like everything he does on the field. I like his behaviour, his decisiveness and love to see his progress every year'
manchester united have failed to make the last four of the champions league. last season's disastrous campaign saw them miss out for the first time in 19 years. but six players have made the semi-finals in their former clubs' absence. there will be at least one former representative in the final.
Oscar hopes that winning the premier league can kick-start a period of dominance in english football for the blues. the brazilian midfielder has aspirations of further success in the coming seasons. the 23-year-old said: 'we know we are very close to the title but there are some challenges ahead'
on friday it will be 100 years since 50,000 gathered at old trafford to contest the last football match to be played in england for four, long years. the match was played on the same day thousands of allied troops were killed in a deadly chlorine gas attack near Ypres, Belgium. some claimed the match should not have taken place at all following the outbreak of war the previous year.
Qatar have unveiled the design for their fifth world cup stadium, the 40,000-seater Al Rayyan Stadium. the ground is inspired by sand dunes and its design has been produced by architecture firms Ramboll and Pattern. fans in the stands will sit in a comfortable 24-28 degrees Celsius, while paths and walkways leading to the stadium will also be cooled. the stadium is expected to hold matches up to the quarter-final stage of the 2022 tournament.
inverness defender Josh Meekings was not sent off in the semi-final. he will be allowed to play in the final after his ban was dismissed. but he will be allowed to return to play in the historic final.
Blake Shinn rode his pants off in the opening race of a meeting in Sydney. the elastic in his pants gave way, exposing his backside to punters. 'they [the pants] went just after the start and there was nothing I could do,' he said.
england midfielder has signed a new five-year £100,000-a-week contract. the 24-year-old could take over the captain's armband when Steven Gerrard leaves for the los angeles galaxy at the end of the season. he was lined up as makeweight in a failed bid to sign Fulham's Clint dempsey.
the actress and her fiance responded to the impending lawsuit with a tongue-in-cheek video, claiming they were going to file a lawsuit against the accuser Kristina Karo. the story broke that the 31-year-old was being sued for $5,000 by a woman claiming to be her former childhood friend, who said she suffered emotional trauma when a seven-year-old Kunis stole her pet foul.
the mother of convicted murderer Aaron Hernandez is opening up about the unlikely bond she developed over the course of her son's trial. 'i smiled at her after the verdict and just nodded my head,' she said. the interview comes just days after he son was sentenced to life in prison without the possibility of parole on after he was convicted of Lloyd's murder.
the video, filmed in moon park, odessa, sees film-makers hide in the bushes while the 'vampire girl' preys on unsuspecting passers-by. she waits until concerned locals walk up towards her before screaming, causing them to run off in terror.
a county has approved a $650,000 settlement with 30-year-old Francis Pusok. his arrest was recorded by a television news helicopter and led to an FBI civil rights investigation and 10 deputies being placed on leave pending an internal probe.
Jonathan Pitre, 14, has epidermolysis bullosa - or 'butterfly skin' - which means his skin is as fragile as a butterfly's wing.
the footage captured at spring garden station in Philadelphia on Tuesday shows the group of youngsters viciously attacking the victims. they then pull them to the ground, punch them and repeatedly stamp on their heads. the brawl, involving students from Benjamin Franklin High School, even spilled onto the tracks.
the 20,000 square foot mansion in the ritzy suburb of Barrington is opulent and private, sitting by two lakes in eight acres of manicured gardens. it took five years to build the enormous mansion, with construction finally coming to a halt in 2008. strip club owner Sam Cecola owns the Admiral Theater strip club in Albany Park, Illinois, and previously owned the Club Paradise strip club in Las Vegas. outside there is a dog run, an outdoor pool, outdoor fireplace and
video shows the cat licking his fur before his human friend comes along. after a brief moment of stillness, the cat immediately gets up and scurries over to another spot.
authorities were called to an industrial site in Wetherill Park, west of Sydney, shortly after 11am on Thursday. they worked to release three men inside a shipping container. they had been unloading or loading timber when it fell on them. two men died at the scene as a result and the surviving man was taken to nearby Fairfield hospital in a serious condition.
witnesses said four people wrapped the pup in a blanket and left in a car around 3:20 a.m. from Dockweiler State Beach. initial police report said the animal was a small seal. but a companion pup that escaped and was later found on the beach is a sea lion.
pep guardiola split his pants during Bayern's 6-1 win over porto. the spaniard joked after the game: 'i'll have to buy new ones for the next match' the current trend for wearing a whistle and flute that is at least a size too small has seen plenty of stars sail a little close to the wardrobe malfunction wind.
During a question and answer session at the White House for their annual Take our Daughter's and Son's to Work Day a little girl named Anya Brodie asked Michelle Obama her age. 'I'm 51,' replied Michelle Obama. the little girl yelled in amazement, 'You look too young!' a flattered Obama asked Brodie to repeat her effortless compliment back into the microphone.
'if you're a young english boy coming through the system you should want to play for England', says Greg Dyke. 'if you're a young english boy coming through the system you should want to play for England,' says Dyke. 'if you're a young english boy coming through the system you should want to play for England,' says Dyke.
rodgers insists he is the right man to lead the club next season. the reds lost 2-1 to aston villa at wembley last weekend. rodgers' side face west bromwich albion in the premier league on saturday.
Mauricio pochettino left the south coast club for the premier league last summer. the former argentine defender signed a five-year deal at white hart lane. manager Ronald Koeman has praised his predecessor's work at the club.
Spartak were sanctioned after their supporters displayed a racist banner. the club were fined £2,500 and had an appeal against sanctions rejected. admission to the club's fan sector for their next two away games was restricted to women and children.
the truck driver had a nasty prang with the huge armoured vehicle during rush hour in Changchun city, china, on Thursday April 16. pictures and videos of the scene were posted to weibo, china's equivalent of twitter, and quickly went viral. it's unclear whether or not this is a military tank but footage shows people inside the vehicle were wearing camouflage uniforms.
the 'first of its kind' equipment will be able to detect activity at a distance. sensors were so precise there would be 'no false alarms', it has been revealed. it is thought the system will cost around £2.3million ($3.5m) per mile.
marouane fellaini praised the departing captain in an official club interview. the Belgian named him as the best passer he has played against. the 27-year-old also praised toffees skipper Phil Jagielka.
Kyle Walker injured his foot against burnley earlier this month. there were fears the defender may have fractured his foot. the defender has been provided with a protective boot.
the 19-year-old has agreed terms on a new five-year contract. the deal will keep him at anfield until 2020. he spent the first half of this season on loan at Derby County.
carragher believes rodgers is still the right man to lead the reds forward. the former defender backed the manager after a season without a trophy. carragher received a Beacon Award at a ceremony in London on Tuesday.
the 19-year-old midfielder starred for villa in their FA Cup semi-final win over liverpool on sunday. he has been pictured inhaling from a white balloon believed to be filled with nitrous oxide. the selfie was taken six months ago following a night out in a hotel room.
nine-year-old girl attacked by lion in siberian village of Namtsy. entertainer crouches down next to animal, surrounded by snow. in another picture she appears to be dragging animal across icy road. circus believed to have left village abruptly after attack.
liverpool are interested in borussia dortmund striker Ciro Immobile. the italian has struggled in the Bundesliga following his move from torino. he has scored nine goals in a troubled season for the reds.
Andrea Dossena will face no further action after being accused of shoplifting. the 33-year-old was arrested at the store in knightsbridge on April 7. the italian and a 31-year-old woman were also held at the scene.
1860 Munich midfielder has a buy-out clause of £2.5million. the 19-year-old has been earning rave reviews in german second division. weigl was captain of the club until he was suspended after going out with team-mates for a late drinking session.
manchester united have been considering a bid for the striker. but psg owner Nasser al-khelaifi has ruled out selling the 28-year-old. the french champions have not even considered selling him.
the new kits feature an all white strip with hints of black and yellow. the aqua colour cleats are a tribute to Canada who will be hosting the tournament. Nike has been forced to defend its decision not to promote the outfits.
sir alex ferguson's life hasn't slowed down since he stepped down as manchester united manager in the summer of 2013. the 73-year-old made a £5,000 donation to the Remember Mary Barbour Fund. he said: 'what i'm doing is making sure I remain active. it's funny, though. it's a different kind of work'
Koeman held a meeting with the players to refocus their minds on qualification. the midfielder called the story 'bulls***' in a separate interview. he later posted on twitter to clarify the situation.
the monkey's owner captured the clip at her house in Ohio on the birthday of her 18-year-old Macaque monkey named Angel. in the clip the owner proceeds to apply moisturizing cream, eye-liner, mascara and finally, and perhaps most shockingly, red lipstick.
father-of-two moved family into £820,000 home in Altrincham, Cheshire. put down £200,000 deposit and obtained £600,000 mortgage by falsely claiming his wife worked as a company executive. but family were probed after scandalising leafy neighbourhood in the area where his teenage son regularly rode quad bikes around the streets.
the seeds of the Josh Meekings furore were planted during an otherwise unremarkable match between Hibernian and Dundee in the early weeks of 2013. referee Craig Charleston saw an incident, but not the gory details. the governing body immediately took the stance they *should* be allowed to use video evidence to review incidents the referee had clearly missed. they altered the rules.
the 52-year-old has overseen just one victory since he was appointed permanent manager in february. but four points from games against aston villa and west brom have revived hopes of survival. west ham's Sam Allardyce and Bournemouth's Eddie Howe have both been linked with Ramsey's job in the summer.
Virgil van Dijk believes he sampled the worst refereeing decision of his career the night he landed an early red card against Inter Milan. van Dijk believes the decision was 'terrible' and 'everybody in the stadium saw everything'. the england defender scored a superb free-kick against inverness caledonian thistle but it wasn't enough to secure a 3-2 win.
carver and Gutierrez had a bust-up on the training ground last week. the pair were involved in a disagreement and the player was dropped. but carver says he and Gutierrez have shaken hands and moved on.
the 52-year-old was handed the manager's job until the end of the season. he stepped up from his youth development coaching role when redknapp resigned in february. but he insists he is more than happy to remain in the premier league.
Ferrari's Kimi Raikkonen posted the fastest time at the Bahrain International Circuit. Hamilton and Rosberg were in unusual positions towards the rear of the timesheet. the track and air temperatures were a searing 52 and 36 degrees centigrade.
'(i have to) fight every round like each one is the last round of my life,' he said. '(i have to) fight like it is the last fight of my life,' he said. '(i have to) fight every round like each one is the last round of my life,' he said.
trucker lets rip after car towing caravan moves into his lane and two vehicles collide. car towing caravan jackknifes, coming to rest across front of van, blocking slip road. footage was posted on facebook and viewed 2million times in 48 hours.
Gloucester beat Exeter 30-19 in their last-four clash at Kingsholm. the cherries and whites face Edinburgh at the Twickenham Stoop on may 1. the final would be the perfect stage to boost his selection chances.
joint runner-up with Phil Mickelson, rose pushed winner Jordan Speith all the way on the final day. the englishman is now training on his state-of-the-art £30,000 indoor golf simulator. he posted a photograph on twitter showing his high-tech 'trackman indoor high definition golf simulator'
trainer Roger Varian insists he has not lost faith in Belardo. the colt looks more likely to head to the french 2,000 Guineas. a trip to France for Belardo could mean a re-match with Greenham Stakes winner Muhaarar.
AP McCoy finished fifth on Shutthefrontdoor in the grand national at ayr. the 20-time champion will not ride in the scottish national next weekend. a crowd of close to 20,000 is expected at the scottish track at the weekend.
a small mistake from team-mate Lewis Hamilton gave Nico Rosberg first place. the duo finished 15th and 16th, 1.466secs and 1.705secs adrift of Kimi Raikkonen. a lock-up from Hamilton in the second sector of the Bahrain International Circuit cost him four tenths of a second.
Aaron Cruden has ruptured the anterior cruciate ligament in his left knee. the 26-year-old will be out for at least six weeks, meaning he will miss the world cup. he has started 15 Tests for the world champions in the last two years.
Frankie Dettori made it six winners in four days with a treble at newbury. the italian made it three flying dismounts with a neck success on Muhaarar. dettori’s boss Sheik Joaan al Thani had signed up Gregory Benoist to ride the french-based horses in his expanding string.
Saracens lost 13-9 to the Clermont in the world cup final on saturday. five english-qualified forwards were in the starting pack. director of rugby mark McCall has no intention of overspending.
mohammad Hafeez was banned from bowling after being reported for a suspect action five months ago. the off-spinner then injured his calf and missed out on the world cup in australia and new zealand. he is now free to resume bowling after remedial work and a re-test on his action.
alastair cook needs something different in his same-same pace bowling attack. the whole of England’s bowling psyche is about containment, it’s about bowling maidens and building pressure, as we saw for much of the first day here in Grenada until west indies started to crack. there are those who feel it could have been provided by Adil Rashid but by all accounts he hasn’t been bowling well enough to warrant selection.
'i've had my trials and tribulations over the last 12 months,' he says. he's been watching footage of when he was on the top of his form. 'when i was running up as a carefree 21-year-old, i just legged it into the crease. my bowling's looking pretty similar to that at the moment,' he says.
the all-rounder was at the centre of everything on the first day of the second test. he went wicketless in 32 overs in the first test, even throwing away a dismissal for the second time by overstepping. he was admonished by umpire Steve Davis after he exchanged words with marlon Samuels.
the four-time Olympic champion will ride for his eponymous team. he left team sky after Paris-Roubaix on April 12. the tour de Yorkshire begins in Bridlington and finishes in Leeds.
Devon Smith was caught behind by Chris Jordan in the third over. replays show the ball had missed his outside edge as he thrust forward. play was delayed by an hour and 45 minutes after persistent morning showers.
Graeme dott clinched a 10-8 first-round win over Ricky Walden. the 37-year-old is through to the last 16 of the betfred world championships. dott is aggrieved by having to play three best-of-19-frame matches just to get to the main draw.
Kyrie Irving scored 30 points in his playoff debut as the Cleveland Cavaliers beat the Boston Celtics 113-100 on sunday. leBron James chipped in with 20 points as the Cavs took a 1-0 lead in their best of seven-game series. Isaiah Thomas scored 22 points to lead the seventh-seeded Celtics.
Graziano Pelle scored his first premier league goal since December. the striker was sent off in the first half for a clash with Alex Bruce. 'we need a break like that - not a broken nose, but a break,' says Steve Bruce.
west bromwich albion beat crystal palace 1-0 at selhurst park on saturday. west brom midfielder Craig Gardner scored the second with a long range effort. james Morrison headed west brom ahead after a corner from team-mate Chris Brunt.
Tonny Vilhena wants to quit Feyenoord this summer. the 20-year-old has one year left on his contract at the club. he is also keen to sign his team-mate, £10m-rated midfielder Jordy Clasie.
leighton baines is friends with rocker Miles Kane and Arctic Monkeys' front-man Alex Turner. the everton defender regularly attends gigs and plays the guitar. he also reveals that he doesn't know any of one direction's hit songs.
sunderland are considering a summer move for argentine Franco di Santo. the 26-year-old is currently playing for Werder Bremen. di Santo has scored 13 goals in 22 games for his club this season.
scottish international Charlie Adam scored a late winner as Stoke City came from behind to earn all three points at the Britannia Stadium. mark Hughes believes the striker's hit Delilah is affecting his side's chances of qualifying for the european competition.
'it's up to Jack where he wants to go. it's purely up to him,' says sherwood. the 19-year-old starred for villa in their FA Cup semi-final win over liverpool. he is now at the centre of a tug of war between the republic of Ireland and England.
former manager has praised Stuart McCall's impact at the club. but he maintains ally McCoist was given little chance of succeeding. he was put on gardening leave after three-and-a-half difficult seasons.
rodgers was convicted of leaving a terrace house in Accrington to rot. but his conviction was overturned because he did not receive a summons. the pair were ordered to fix the windows, doors and roof, and remove rubbish. the house is located in an area of Accrington which is undergoing a £13million regeneration project.
andres Iniesta has been unhappy with his form for barcelona this season. the spaniard played a pivotal role in setting up Neymar for the opening goal in the 2-0 second-leg win over PSG on Tuesday night. the 30-year-old is yet to score or create a goal for the catalan club.
west bromwich albion beat crystal palace 2-0 in their premier league clash. baggies manager Tony Pulis insists he will never change his style. the 57-year-old will return to the stadium in suit and tie after the game.
per Mertesacker limped off in arsenal's FA Cup semi-final win over reading. 6ft 6in german escaped serious ankle ligament damage with minor sprain. defender likely to be replaced at centre-half by Gabriel Paulista.
Clayton Donaldson scored a late winner for his side at the madejski stadium. he is the 16th goal of the season for the beaten fa cup semi-finalists. reading lost 2-1 to arsenal after extra-time at wembley on saturday.
Gary Gardner will report to Aston villa for pre-season training. the 22-year-old scored a stunning free-kick against Watford. sherwood is keen to see Gardner train day-to-day before making his decision.
Aston villa beat liverpool 2-1 in the premier league semi-final at wembley. villa goalkeeper Brad Guzan is set to miss out for the final against arsenal. given will keep his place in the team for the final at wembley on saturday.
blackpool fans pelted directors' box and main reception area with eggs. a flare, smoke bomb and fireworks were thrown into the cordoned-off area. chairman Karl Oyston was the target of their criticism. blackpool went on to earn a point after a 1-1 draw with reading.
the 38-year-old ended his illustrious playing career in 2011. but he has suggested he could play again for a north american side. he admits a return to top level football is past him but would love to play alongside his namesake.
blackpool goalkeeper Joe Lewis wore an autographed shirt in last week's championship match with reading. the signed shirt was meant to be put aside for a club sponsor but the club had no spares to give the 27-year-old. the club's relegation from the championship was confirmed last week following Rotherham's 1-0 win over Brighton.
benik Afobe's 31st goal of the season salvaged a 1-1 draw at home to Ipswich. the black country side were heading for a third successive defeat. a 21st-minute own goal from Richard Stearman ended the game.
blackpool drew 1-1 with reading at the etihad stadium on saturday evening. pre-match supporters protested against chairman Karl Oyston. they hurled eggs at the directors' boxes windows and launched a flare, smoke bomb and firework in front of the main entrance to the west stand.
Micky Adams became the 42nd manager to be sacked this season. the trend is set to smash its previous record of 46, set in 2006-07. there have been 10 sackings in both league one and league two. arsene wenger remains the longest serving manager.
andres Iniesta suffered a bruised pelvis in the 3-1 champions league win. the midfielder had to be replaced by Xavi after tangling with javier pastore. tests confirmed 'heavy bruising' in the sacroiliac joint.
senior police officer warns of'small minority' responsible for thuggish behaviour. 630 football-related incidents recorded so far this season, including a number with a racial element. police believe scale of football-related crime on transport network may be higher than figures show.
sherwood wants to make swindon midfielder Massimo Luongo one of his first summer signings. the 22-year-old was player of the tournament during australia's successful Asian Cup in January. sherwood is close to Swindon chairman Lee Power after their spell together as players at Norwich City.
Kevin Pietersen was injured in the field during Surrey's match against Oxford. the former england batsman was taken off as a precaution. he did not return after tea and is hoping to win back his test place.
sherwood revealed his 'win bonus' to the assembled media on friday. he replied to a letter from six-year-old fan Charlie Pye. the youngster applied for the role when Paul Lambert was sacked.
raheem sterling opened the scoring in the ninth minute at anfield. the 20-year-old was sent off in the 71st minute for a foul on sissoko. a moment before the hour, sterling actually contributed one of the misses of the season.
Giorgio Chiellini committed a deliberate handball in the first minute of Juve's champions league quarter-final second-leg against Monaco. the 30-year-old resorted to desperation tactics, comically clawing the ball out of the way and earning himself a yellow card. despite these bizarre shenanigans, the Serie a leaders were able to progress to the last four following a 0-0 at the Stade Louis II.
gareth bale has been urged to stay at real madrid by former manager. the 25-year-old has been linked with a return to the premier league. bale missed the champions league quarter-finals against atletico madrid.
Jamie Carragher does not feel Diego Simeone plays the right type of football. 'there's no way a top team such as Arsenal, Manchester United or Manchester city would want to watch that and think that is the type of football we want to play,' says the sportsmail columnist.
Daniel Sturridge hasn't been involved in any outdoor work since before the quarter-final replay against blackburn on monday. the striker missed the 2-0 win over Newcastle on monday with tightness in his hip. if he is forced to play a minor role at wembley, captain Steven Gerrard could return after serving a three-match suspension.
former manchester united and burnley full-back is training with laliga side Elche. the 26-year-old rejected the offer of a new contract at old trafford. he made only two premier league appearances for united.
a goalless first half produced the odd burst of quality, but little intensity. a goalless second provided little more, as both sides struggled to create clear-cut chances. both inter's curva nord and Milan's curva sud struggled to create clear-cut chances.
PSV Eindhoven beat Heerenveen 4-1 to win their first title in seven years. the victory puts them on 79 points and beyond the reach of second-placed Ajax. bottom side Dordrecht moved closer to relegation following a 3-0 loss at Vitesse Arnhem.
bayer leverkusen crush relegation-threatened visitors Hanover 96 4-0 to jump into third spot on goal difference. bayer leverkusen crush relegation-threatened visitors Hanover 96 4-0 to jump into third spot on goal difference after drew 0-0 at Eintracht Frankfurt on friday. borussia Dortmund ease past visiting Paderborn 3-0 in their first game since the announcement that coach juergen klopp was sacked
midfielder suffered the injury while chasing down a ball after 19 minutes. his ankle appeared to have twisted 180 degrees after chasing down the ball. the match came to a halt when the midfielder's ankle appeared to have twisted.
defender John Terry came in from behind with a strong challenge on Falcao. the challenge sent the Colombian hurtling to the ground at the half-way line. sky pundits Thierry Henry, Jamie Redknapp and Graeme Souness agreed.
Henrikh Mkhitaryan, Pierre-Emerick Aubameyang and Shinji Kagawa scored as the home side cruised to victory. the win moved last season's Bundesliga runners-up to eighth in the table and leaves them with a realistic chance of qualifying for Europe.
Chelsea are the worst behaved team in the premier league when it comes to respecting referees, according to official figures. the data is compiled by football association delegates who attend every top-flight match and assess team behaviour. delegates rate each team out of seven for their conduct towards referees and their assistants.
bayern munich lost 3-1 to porto in their champions league quarter-final. der Kaiser criticised defender Dante for playing as if he were wearing'ski boots'. the german legend said: 'i thought they took sleeping pills!'.
former Newcastle striker has been AWOL since early in December. the 24-year-old says the club 'taken the mick' out of him with his contract. he says he was left wondering how he would fill his fridge if he wasn't playing. ranger wants to start a fresh next season after his one-year deal ends.
chelsea beat manchester united 1-0 at stamford bridge on saturday. goals from nemanja matic and nemanja matic gave the blues the lead. goals from marouane fellaini and aaron ramsey secured victory.
Newcastle host Swansea in the premier league on saturday. daryl Janmaat likens the match to playing in the world cup semi-final. the 25-year-old defender came off the bench in the world cup semi-final.
prince Ali bin al Hussein wants to see the world cup rotated between continents. he warns against expanding the tournament from its current 32 teams. he is standing alongside current president Sepp Blatter and former Portugal international Luis Figo.
professor John Warren discovered avocado trees switch from male to female in a matter of hours. during the day the trees flower with their 'female parts' ready to be pollinated by bees.
protest will take place outside Stamford bridge at 3pm on saturday. the protest is organised by the Chelsea Supporters Trust and Playfair Qatar. there have been more than 1,400 confirmed deaths of construction workers in Qatar.
the six-man shortlist for the award has been unveiled. Eden Hazard is hot favourite for the award after his brilliant displays. Harry Kane has scored 29 goals in all competitions to date for Spurs. the 21-year-old made his debut against Lithuania last month.
the 37-year-old human rights lawyer's wardrobe has gone from strength-to-strength since she tied the knot in Venice, Italy, last September. from elegant cream jumpsuits to panel shift dresses and suit/skirt combos, she always seems to get the balance of smart and sexy just right.
porto earned a 3-1 first leg victory against german champions Bayern. manuel Neuer scored a spot-kick to give his side a 1-0 lead. but the german striker conceded a penalty after just three minutes.
Frank Knight, 67, posted an apology on his facebook account last week. he said he had agreed to pay damages of £20,000 to the club. prompted fellow seasiders supporter to set up an account on gofundme.com. over 1,000 supporters did just that, ensuring the target was met in just three days.
the professional footballers' association have announced their six-man shortlist for the PFA Young Player of the Year award. the winners, voted for by their fellow professionals, will be announced at the awards ceremony in central London on April 26. last year's winner Eden Harzard has been nominated for the award after impressing for the blues.
arsenal beat reading 2-1 in their premier league clash at wembley. a fumble from reading goalkeeper Adam Federici in extra time gave the gunners the lead. but a volley from garath McCleary was deflected past the royals goalkeeper. it was enough to see the gunners return to wembley on may 30.
Swansea city host everton at the etihad stadium on saturday (12.45pm). manchester united host manchester city at queens park rangers on saturday (1.30pm) liverpool host newcastle united at the etihad stadium on saturday (8pm)
Kyle Walker and Hugo Lloris are absent for aston villa at white hart lane. the england right-back is out injured after clashing with burnley's Kieran Tripper. defender hugo lloris misses out through a knee injury. defender Jan Vertonghen is one of several doubts for the game.
thirty years ago this month something as basic as two men hitting balls around a table gripped the nation by the throat. it was as iconic a moment of the eighties as Duran Duran, yuppies, football hooliganism and Mrs Thatcher handbagging the unions. it was watched by 18.5million, a BBC2 record, but it is way behind the most-watched sporting events.
'i expect a very good reception for him,' says Mauricio Pochettino. sherwood revealed he is still in touch with chairman levy. the former spurs midfielder thanked the club for ending his five-month spell in charge last summer.
west indies finished on 98 for two, still 340 short of replicating antiguan test history. england bowled out for 438 in just over four sessions. captain alastair cook was able to set a target of 438 in just over four sessions.
the video, titled 'We Will Burn America', includes footage of the 9/11 terror attacks. it also features footage of the beheading of u.s. journalist James Foley. subtitles claim the u.s. believes it can invade 'the Muslim lands'
sherwood will return to white hart lane with his new team on saturday. he joked: 'just to see who he's going to sell me!' levy sacked sherwood last may to bring in Mauricio pochettino.
authorities say 75-year-old John Goodwin, of Atkinson, went on trial this week on six counts of aggravated felonious sexual assault. the former student testified he didn't come forward until 2013 because he was embarrassed. Goodwin was airlifted to a hospital with life-threatening injuries from the self-inflicted gunshot wound.
the body farm, which would be located in Lithia, is a joint project between the University of South Florida Institute of Anthropology and the Hillsborough County Sheriff's Office. five to ten bodies from USF's after life body donation program would be buried or placed on two acres of the Walter C. Heinrich Practical Training Center in Lithia. if the research is approved by the Hillsborough County Commission, the information gathered at the site could help investigators solve crimes and cold cases.
tourist Diovani de Jesus posted the hilarious photo on his blog. the shallow water in Apo Island, Negros Oriental, Philippines is a feeding ground for sea turtles. it is rare that one of the endangered animals would come so close.
baby mengyu's hands and feet are severely deformed and doctors recommend corrective surgery. her mother, Jiang Min, hasn't seen her husband since he left the family home in laojuntang village in Shandong province at the start of the year. local media have cruelly compared the deformed extremities to 'pigs' trotters'
daredevil Stan Cole, an Iraq veteran, captured the wall of wind as it gulped up dust from the fields in Loraine, western Texas. he took the footage with his friend Ricky Bailey while the two were out in a tractor on Wednesday evening.
Pablo Mandado, 27, and Ilze Zebolde, 31, have covered almost 7,000 miles (11,131.92km by their measurements) in 356 days they've been through 16 countries. living on less than three euros each a day, or 10 euro cents per kilometre. relying on free accommodation and not needing a budget for transport.
the list was released just hours after Hamilton was pictured on set for the filming of the comedy sequel Zoolander 2 on friday. f1 world champion Hamilton lives as a tax exile in Monaco. but his fortune has spiralled by £20million on last year.
singer's father, drug lord, was in charge of one of Mexico's biggest cartels. plancarte made millions before he died in a shoot out with the navy last year. she has three pet tigers and boasts about lavish lifestyle on social media.
marlon Samuels had the chance to renew his feud with Ben Stokes. the pair buried the hatchet on a day the west indies dominated. england need eight wickets to have any chance of a win in this series.
rodgers wants to sign a top striker who can 'play every week'. the england international has been plagued by a hip problem. but he is unsure whether he will play again this season.
louis van gaal expects Ryan Giggs to succeed him when he leaves the club. the 41-year-old made a record 963 appearances for united during his glittering playing career, which stretched to 25 years. van gaal has likened the former winger to his own former assistant - now Chelsea manager - Jose Mourinho.
the disgraced sports reporter was suspended for a week after a video emerged showing her attacking a tow clerk for her looks and social status. the 28-year-old has been reinstated to her role with a spot on sportsCenter this weekend. despite viewers' calls for harsher punishment, the network has reinstated the 28-year-old to her role.
David Rush, 33, from northern ireland, used to weigh 34st at his heaviest. he piled on the pounds thanks to a twice-daily takeaway habit. at his heaviest, he was forced to order specialist XXXXL clothes online. topped up his diet with six bags of crisps and two bottles of full-fat Coca-Cola a day. 'i hated leaving the house and going out anywhere because I didn
the 21-year-old claims he was attacked by a cashier at a FroYo in delmar, california, after the cashier recognized him from his video. he claims she called him a gay slur, said it was impossible for God to 'turn' gay people straight, and then threw an extra large bowl of yogurt in his face. 'it was all all in my face, on my clothes, in my shoes,' he said
the 27-year-old has been charged with three offences of sexual activity with a 15-year-old girl and one of grooming. he could face up to 14 years in prison if found guilty. but sunderland announced on friday that he will remain available for selection and he is set to feature at Stoke.
the video has been viewed almost 600,000 times. it features new parents sharing their top parenting tips. making room for date nights, getting on a schedule and taking time for yourself.
Ilkay Gundogan is the leading contender to replace Michael Carrick. united are eyeing a £20.5million deal for the central midfielder. gundogan has been watched extensively by united.
Wladimir Klitschko faces undefeated Bryant jennings in new york on friday. the 39-year-old will make his return to us soil for the first time in seven years. Klitschko has been reminiscing about how it all started when he won Olympic gold in 1996.
Manchester united have offered to make goalkeeper David de Gea the world's best-paid keeper on £200,000-a-week to stay at the club. there has been speculation that the 24-year-old will return to spain and join real madrid on a free transfer when his contract runs out next summer. manager louis van gaal admitted that the club have offered de Gea a huge offer to persuade him to stay.
AP McCoy will have two rides on his final day as a professional jockey. the 20-time champion jockey has been booked for Mr Mole in the Grade One AP McCoy Celebration Chase at 3.15. his last ever mount will be Box Office in the Bet365 Handicap Hurdle which has drawn a 20-runner line-up.
Isco is unhappy with his current role and playing time at real madrid. the 23-year-old joined the spanish giants from malaga in the summer of 2013. he is the seventh man in the front six at the etihad stadium.
the red Mazda careered off the road up someone's drive and crashed into the front of the home in Crossgates, Leeds. it hit the property with such force it became stuck in the wall. incredibly, no-one was seriously injured in the accident.
arsene wenger pulled out of a deal to sign Eden Hazard in 2012. the 24-year-old's agent discussed the move in the arsenal manager's house. but the frenchman ruled he could not compete financially with the club.
a question was asked at the end of a pre-match press conference on friday. 'top question, top question... but because I am always honest in my answers, I cannot answer you,' he replied. 'you said you've been pushed very hard this season, how hard did Arsene Wenger push you?'.
Dan Potts opened the scoring for the hosts before an own goal doubled their lead. adam Drury's own goal gave the hosts a two-goal lead before an own goal doubled their lead. city were missing a number of players who were busy preparing for their FA Youth Cup final second leg against Chelsea.
a home video of six-year-old boy taking his morning pills has gone viral. the footage was taken by his mother Heidi, 37, to encourage the brave youngster to take the vast volume of drugs he has to consume every single day. 'i've always wanted to be famous so this is just brilliant,' says Jesse.
men do just two hours of housework a day while working, which doubles to 3.9 hours after they retire. but they are still lagging behind their stay-at-home wives when it comes to sharing the burden.
pep guardiola will be reintroduced to the club in the champions league semi-finals. the former barcelona boss admits he has to work out a way to stop Lionel Messi. he said: 'they are a wonderful team but so are we'.
rugby school is known as the spiritual home of the game, with the world cup trophy named the Webb Ellis Cup in honour of the schoolboy. headmaster, Dr Thomas Arnold, is credited with transforming the school's values in an effort to build pupils' characters.
the draw was made at UEFA's headquarters in Nyon, Switzerland. the first leg will take place on may 5/6 with the returns the following week. real madrid will play real in the other semi-final.
Emmanuel Adebayor could leave the club on a free transfer in the summer. the north london club pay the togolese £100,000-per-week. but the club would still like to receive a fee for the striker.
chelsea host arsenal at the emirates in the premier league on saturday. the gunners lost 3-1 at home to Monaco in the champions league last-16. jose mourinho insists it is easy to set up a team designed primarily to defend.
coquelin has made 23 appearances for the gunners this season. the 23-year-old was drafted back into the squad from a loan spell at Charlton. coquelin will face 'unbelievable' serb midfielder Nemanja Matic on sunday.
mark Selby fell victim of the Crucible curse and a rookie Scot with pots of class as Anthony McGill beat the defending champion 13-9. this is McGill's first world championship and it had already been one to remember before he crossed cues with Selby. no maiden winner of the world championship in Sheffield has returned a year later to retain the trophy.
Joe Root scored 182 not out in the morning session. it was his second highest score and the fourth of his six hundreds. but the pitch was arguably better for run-making than on day one.
Floyd Mayweather vs Manny Pacquiao will be the biggest fight of all time financially and the most significant this century. where Money Man v PacMan comes to rank among the most important fights in ring history will depend upon what happens that coming night. the first two of the three fights between the Sugar Man and Hands of Stone raised the curtain on what is considered the golden age of boxing.
Rafa Benitez's Napoli face Dnipro in the Europa League semi-finals. fiorentina will face holders sevilla in the other semi-final. holders sevilla will be hoping to retain the title for a record fourth time.
bath moved within one point of Aviva Premiership leaders northampton with a five-try hammering of London Irish at the Rec. bath flanker Sam Burgess claimed the man-of-the-match award and was among the try-scorers along with leroy Houston, Jonathan Joseph, Matt Banahan and semesa Rokoduguni.
tickets for the pair's face-off on may 1, 24 hours before their mega-fight in Las Vegas, went on sale from the MGM property box offices on friday at 3pm. the box office was said to be overwhelmed with calls with boxing fan Ryan O'Hara tweeting:'spoke with @MGMGrand phone line was overwhelmed for #MayweatherPacquiao weigh-tickets, it crashed.. #boxing' tickets for the richest bout in history began appearing on
Joe Root scored 182 runs on day four of the second test in Grenada. he was left stranded at the middle of the wicket due to an error by James Anderson. Root threw down his helmet and gloves as he made his way back to the pavilion.
Joe Root is the second-youngest England batsman to reach 2,000 Test runs. he reached the milestone aged 24 years, 115 days. alastair cook was 401 days quicker but he did get there in fewer innings.
Divock origi was signed by liverpool in a £10million deal after impressing at the 2014 world cup in brazil. the striker was loaned back to Lille for the 2014-15 season. origi said the progress of young players at the club has heightened his excitement at joining the club.
world record holder says she is likely to cry when she runs the final race of her career. 'i spent most of my career crying, didn't I?' she joked. she set the world record in 2003 when she won the marathon in 2:15:25.
Shaun Andrew McKerry burst into Shildon post office and stores, county Durham. he waved an axe as he demanded cash from terrified assistant Andrea Brighty. but he did not see owner Sab Dhillon's rugby tackle which dropped him to floor. as the men wrestled, his wife helped by hitting him twice with a baseball bat. McKerry, 31, was jailed for six years at Durham crown court today.
usain boltt says he felt 'let down' by the disgraced sprinter. gay had his suspension reduced after he agreed to co-operate with authorities. he is now set to compete against him after returning to the sport.
Jurgen Klopp has announced he will leave his post at Borussia Dortmund. the announcement alerted a host of clubs across the continent. 'i'm not interested in what the premier league thinks of me,' said Klopp.
this weekend could see a number of ups and downs in english football. some clubs are fighting for promotion and some relegation. here, sportsmail takes you through the permutations in the championship, league one, league two and the Conference.
the draw for the champions league has pitted pep guardiola's Bayern Munich against his former club Barcelona. the italian champions face holders real madrid in the semi-finals. the final four of european's premier competition will all feel they have a real chance of adding to their european titles.
west Ham's on-loan midfielder Alex Song has picked his #one2eleven of stars he played alongside throughout his career. song has also played for arsenal as well as representing Cameroon at international level. he believes cameroon goalkeeper Carlos Kameni could have played in the premier league.
Mauricio pochettino is heading to the etihad for the first time since leaving. the argentine defender led the saints to their best ever premier league points tally. a positive result for the hosts would see them usurp spurs in the standings.
the 27-year-old is expected to wear a protective mask when he travels to north london this weekend. it is his first return to the emirates since leaving the gunners in 2011. he was the boy who attended his first barca match as a nine-month-old baby. the story of how he came to be their player 10 years later is wonderful.
carver has hit back at recent criticism aimed at his struggling side. he said his old club would be relegated if there were 10 games left to play. 'i could be nasty about Michael because let's not forget what happened when he was here,' he said.
marouane Fellaini did start the game at Stamford bridge on saturday. but the midfielder was dealt with in midfield by chelsea's Kurt Zouma. jose mourinho feared his tactical master plan was set to be for nothing. but he was told by a doorman at the club's hotel that he was not playing.
Rotherham fielded farrend rawson after his youth loan expired. the football league maintain paperwork for his extension wasn't handled properly. the Millers have until may 1 to appeal the decision.
ex-manchester united striker took to twitter to reveal he went out for dinner. he said he was in 'great company' with 'great team-mates' on saturday. former united team-mates were at a restaurant shortly after 1-0 defeat.
middlesbrough's Patrick Bamford named player of the year at football league awards. the 21-year-old beat daryl Murphy and Troy Deeney to win overall award. mk dons midfielder dele alli picked up the young player of the year award.
australia head coach is aware that his pack is being written off for the tournament. he has repeatedly name-checked a certain knight of the realm and columnist of this newspaper, among the voices arguing that the green-and-gold pack will be smashed into submission. 'i think you discount the english backs at your peril,' he said.
the 29-year-old looked glum just a couple of days after his side's loss to Chelsea. a solitary Eden Hazard strike in the first half was enough for his side. but he didn't look best pleased as he scowled at his picture being taken.
Memphis Depay has scored 20 goals in 26 league games so far this season. the 21-year-old has been tipped to join one of europe's biggest boys. technical director Marcel Brands has confirmed interest from 'big clubs'.
aston villa face liverpool in the semi-finals of the fa cup on tuesday. teenager Jack Grealish took to twitter to thank supporters for messages. the 19-year-old's message read: 'you have to put up with the rain to see the rainbow!'.
Thiago Silva is recovering at home from a thigh injury and will miss the game. the captain was substituted in the defeat by barcelona in midweek. a full diagnosis is yet to be completed by PSG's medical team.
the american boxer adds a 2016 Mercedes-Maybach S600 to his collection. he is expected to get £120million for the fight on may 2 in a blockbuster. the 38-year-old posted a video via his Instagram page showing off the car.
arturo Vidal gave the visitors the lead from the penalty spot in the first leg against Monaco. a 0-0 draw in the second leg preserved their place in the champions league semi-finals. the result sees Juventus reach the final for the first time since 2003.
the goalkeeper was provided with his own wheelchair. he joined in with some short skills and shooting practice with the team. the toffees currently sit third in the championship division.
Rudy Gestede opened the scoring for blackburn with a hat-trick in the 78th minute. Jordan Rhodes came on as a substitute to make sure of the win. the result leaves millwall four points adrift of fourth-bottom Rotherham.
boxer has earned more than $400million in his career. mayweather has an expensive collection of cars, private jets and jewellery. he recently referred to two of his three Bugatti's as 'cheap'.
tickets for the mega-fight sold out within a minute of going on sale. one ticket went for $128,705 (£85,508) on the secondary market. a batch of between 500 and 1,000 tickets were made available to boxing fans for the mega-fight in may.
real madrid beat rivals atletico madrid 1-0 in the champions league quarter-final second leg at the Santiago Bernabeu. javier Hernandez scored the only goal in 180 minutes between the two sides to settle the two-legged derby. atletico were forced to play with 10 men after Arda Turan was sent off in the 76th minute.
bastian Schweinsteiger was an unused substitute in Bayern's 6-1 win over porto. dietmar hamann thinks the world cup winner should leave at the end of the season. he also doubts whether injured winger Franck Ribery would fit back into the side when fit.
Memphis Depay jetted to the uk with his agent for a summit with united. the 21-year-old has 'dream chaser' tattooed to his chest. united are leading the hunt for the winger but face opposition from psg and liverpool.
Eugenie Bouchard is playing in the Fed Cup world group play-off against Romania this weekend. the 21-year-old refused to shake hands with world no 66 Alexandra Dulgheru at a pre-match press conference. Bouchard has suffered four defeats in her past six matches.
'i would love to play funky house or house,' says the winger. but he has been told he can only play funky house and house. 'can you imagine watching him coming out the shower?' says singer-songwriter.
the Football League revealed the top ten players in each of their divisions. daryl Murphy was second in the voting ahead of Troy Deeney. dele alli picked up the young player of the year award.
Lionel Messi, Luis Suarez and Neymar are seven goals short of a century. the front three will match the total scored by Thierry Henry, Samuel Eto'o and Messi in 2009 if they reach 100 goals. despite missing the first three months through suspension, Messi has 46, Neymar 28 and Suarez 19.
pep guardiola will return to the nou camp in the champions league semi-finals. defending champion Real Madrid will face Juventus in the other semi-final. the four teams have combined to win the european cup or champions league 21 times.
real madrid will not take up their £7.5million purchase option on the striker. the 26-year-old scored the winner against rivals atletico on tuesday. lazio, Valencia, Dinamo Moscow, Newcastle, West Ham and Southampton are among clubs interested in the striker.
Floyd Mayweather vs Manny Pacquiao will be the biggest fight of all time financially and the most significant this century. where Money Man v PacMan comes to rank among the most important fights in ring history will depend upon what happens that coming night in the MGM Grand Garden Arena. this is the fifth in a series of 12 fights that shaped boxing history.
Floyd Mayweather vs Manny Pacquiao will be the biggest fight of all time financially and the most significant this century. where Money Man v PacMan comes to rank among the most important fights in ring history will depend upon what happens that coming night. in this fourth in a series of 12 fights that shaped boxing history, we look back on one of the greatest sporting events of all time.
fight between Floyd Mayweather and Manny Pacquiao was one of the most anticipated events of the 20th century. the second fight of the century was between Joe Frazier and Muhammad Ali at Madison Square Garden, new york in 1971. woody allen was one of the very first black boxers to win the fight.
Floyd Mayweather vs Manny Pacquiao will be the biggest fight of all time financially and the most significant this century. where Money Man vs PacMan comes to rank among the most important fights in ring history will depend upon what happens that coming night. here are my 12 most significant fights in boxing’s history.
Floyd Mayweather vs Manny Pacquiao will be the biggest fight of all time financially and the most significant this century. where Money Man vs PacMan comes to rank among the most important fights in ring history will depend on what happens that coming night. here is the second of my 12 most significant fights in boxing’s history.
arsenal will play in their yellow and blue away strip for the final against Aston villa. villa won the coin toss ahead of the final, which allows the winner to select club colours in the event of a clash of strip. they picked their claret and blue home kit for the wembley showpiece. the kick-off time for the clash has also been confirmed as 5.30pm on may 30.
chelsea trained at their base in cobham on friday ahead of their clash with arsenal at the weekend. didier drogba or loic Remy could start up front for the blues. chelsea have never lost to arsene wenger in 12 outings.
Hull have the third-lowest total wage bill in the premier league, £43.3million in 2013/14. only Leicester and burnley pay less overall. players will have their salaries cut by up to 50 per cent if they are relegated.
marouane Fellaini returns to goodison park for first time since £27million move. the midfielder is set for a more hostile reception than former club Juan Mata. van gaal has spoken to Fellaini about keeping his cool on his return.
the 22-year-old winger has also been watched by Chelsea and Valencia. he was the subject of enquiries from spurs earlier in the year. he is unlikely to pursue everton's Kevin Mirallas though.
queens park rangers host west ham at the etihad stadium on saturday. the foxes are yet to win a game in the premier league this season. the foxes are one of seven managers trying to keep their club in the top flight.
the panel that cleared inverness defender Josh Meekings to play in the Scottish Cup final did not even consider his handball. a judicial panel tribunal threw out his one-game suspension for denying Celtic an obvious goalscoring opportunity by deliberate handball. it has emerged the Highland club's lawyers successfully argued that SFA compliance officer Tony McGlennan had no right to bring the case because match officials had seen the incident.
Floyd Mayweather and manny Pacquiao are less than two weeks away from playing their part in the $300m mega-fight on may 2. mayweather does not earn any money from endorsements, although companies such as AT&T and Corona have sponsored his fights. he switched his ring moniker from Pretty Boy to Money. outside the ring, mayweather focuses on his business interests.
football equality campaigners kick it out have warned Hartlepool fans over a Bob Marley-themed fancy-dress day planned for the final game of the season. the anti-racism body have urged Carlisle to refuse entry to any fans who decide to 'black up' for the occasion. 'blacking up' has historically been a way of acting out racist stereotypes.
the 20-year-old has been abused over his decision to put deal talks on hold. he rejected an offer worth £90,000-per-week at the etihad stadium. but he insists he is immune to criticism over his contract stand-off.
a year ago, Bristol Rovers lost their place in the football league for the first time since 1920. darrell Clarke was distraught at the end of last season, but there could be tears of joy this time around. 'i know the lads at Gateshead and I know they will be professional,' he said.
Valenciennes defender Dayot Upamecano has played for France at U16 and U17 level. the 16-year-old almost joined united in the January transfer window. Monaco, Inter Milan and Paris St Germain had also expressed interest.
Rafa Benitez takes Napoli into the Europa League semi-finals on tuesday. he has reached his seventh major european semi-final in 12 seasons. the spaniard guided liverpool to champions league glory in 2005.
chelsea set to take part in post-season friendly at the ANZ Stadium in june. the blues are holding ongoing talks with the city bosses. they are expected to fly out on the Wednesday after the premier league season ends.
Leeds beat Warrington Wolves 29-10 at headingley. it was the first time Sinfield had made 500 appearances for the club. he was on the losing side against Sheffield Eagles at headingley in 1997.
in the seventh innings of a game between the Kansas City Royals and rivals Chicago White Sox both sets of players became embroiled in a mass brawl. umpires ejected a total of five players from both teams after the fight at Chicago's US Cellular Field in Illinois. a heated exchange between Royals starter Yordano Ventura and White Sox outfielder Adam Eaton sparked the brawl.
javier Hernandez is on loan at real madrid from manchester united. the 26-year-old scored in the champions league quarter-final against atletico. the striker is not in louis van gaal's plans and could be available for around £7million.
Wladimir Klitschko takes on Bryant Jennings in new york on saturday. the fight will set up a stadium fight later in the year, says Tyson Fury. fury is the mandatory challenger to the long-reigning heavyweight champion.
premier league and football league will observe a minute's silence for the 56 supporters who died in the devastating blaze. the inferno ripped through Valley Parade on may 11, 1985 during the first half of a game against Lincoln City. many fans were trapped in their seats and 265 people were injured as the fire engulfed the main stand within minutes.
wigan secured their first away win of the season against Wakefield. winger Joe Burgess scored his first Super League hat-trick for the visitors. it was their first victory in west Yorkshire for 18 months.
Quade Cooper has agreed a two-year deal with toulon. the 27-year-old has won 53 caps for the reds. he joins up with former wallabies playmaker Matt Giteau.
Hudson Swafford shot a 6-under 66 to share the lead with Boo Weekley. second-round play was suspended on friday because of severe weather. Jason Day, ranked sixth in the world, was 5 under for the round.
former chelsea winger Florent Malouda picks his #one2eleven stars. he picked petr cech to start in between the sticks for his fantasy xi. he also picked defenders liliana thumram and john terry.
andriy shevchenko scored the winning penalty in the 2003 champions league final. a 0-0 draw saw AC Milan crowned european champions in the first all-italian final. now, after a long journey, Juve are back among the elite of the continent.
'Love Call' notes are posted at traffic lights on Sydney's George street. 'if you're single, let's grab a drink together,' the poster reads. a woman known only by her email address is hoping the generous stranger will get in contact.
Sally Gordon-Smith, 14, was last seen leaving her school around 3pm. she was described by police as caucasian, 150cm tall, with blue eyes and brown shoulder length hair. she was last seen wearing a blue jeans, black jumper and black shoes.
it looks extremely likely that Yaya Toure will leave manchester city this summer. the ivorian has struggled to impose himself on the field at the Etihad. but his legacy should be a positive one at the club and in the premier league.
as many as 1 in 8 will suffer injuries serious enough to need to miss at least seven training sessions or matches. these range from bruises and sprains to fractures, torn ligaments and at worst, concussion and damage to the brain and spinal cord.
the mouse called Venus X has a built-in honeycomb grill to let the skin breathe and a rugged coating so sweaty gamers can continue to the accessory. some realistic combat and multiplayer games tap into the body’s flight or fight response, causing adrenaline to surge through gamers’ bodies. while clicking violently may not qualify as a work out, gamers can get sweaty, and this can make their mouse slippery.
researchers from CNRS-GATE in Lyon and the university of California, analysed the behaviour of both sexes when the study participants were asked to choose between being paid on their individual performance or as part of a team. they found that less than 11 per cent of men opted for team payment, in comparison to 44 per cent of women. sportswomen tend to be more committed to aspects of their lives outside sport.
the forthcoming phone could feature the same 7000 series aluminium as its forthcoming Apple Watch Sport edition. metal is the same as that used to make professional sports bikes but has been altered by apple to make it lighter. it's the same alloy used to make racing bikes. together, the materials make the Sport edition 30 per cent lighter than the other Apple Watch models.
Didier Drogba has 15 goals in 15 games for Chelsea against arsenal. the striker scored twice against arsenal in the 2005 Community Shield. he scored again against arsenal in the premier league on saturday.
residents in west Pittston, 115 miles north of Philadelphia, were surprised to learn about the discovery on monday morning. they believe the rubbish came from the lavatory holding tank of a plane flying overhead, and have complained to the federal aviation administration.
Miranda Devine tweeted: 'did pocock actually do jazz hands when he celebrated a try?!!! What a tosser!' the media personality had assumed a gesture Pocock had made after scoring a hat-trick of tries was 'jazz hands' but he was actually doing sign language for a friend, which Pocock pointed out. after the match, Pocock responded to Devine that she'd misinterpreted his hand movements.
french free diver jumped into Dean's Blue Hole in the Bahamas. Guillame Néry is seen at the edge before taking the plunge. the hole is 660ft (200 metres) deep, although he doesn't go to the bottom. free divers are able to hold their breath for more than 20 minutes.
the short film has been developed on an Oculus Rift - a virtual reality headset - by italy's university of udine's HCI Lab. it is based on an actual event when, on January 15, 2009, U.S. Airways Flight 1549 was forced into a landing on water.
filmmaker Gabriel Ng spent countless hours filming beauty spots in the country. filmed scenes on the island of Ko Samui, in the Gulf of Thailand. the six-minute video has been a hit with viewers on YouTube.
in a recent Q&A on the social media site, Mark Zuckerberg opened up about the future of travel and how virtual reality will play a key role. the social media giant purchased virtual reality headset maker, Oculus, last year.
an analogue promotional watch from apple with a blue bezel, rubber strap and colourful hands, is listed on the internet auction site with a ‘buy it now’ price of $2,499.99 (£1,707.47) for the same price as the 1997 timepiece, fans could pre-order five of the cheapest Apple Watch Sport, which cost £299 in the UK and still have some change. the vintage model has a circular screen, which has no digital capabilities and shows the company’s old rainbow hue logo.
Zach Birnie was skiing with a friend in Revelstoke, canada. he films the surrounding scenery with a camera mounted to his helmet. after exhaling air, he begins to make a controlled turn and heading back across the mountain. he begins panic and while not entirely visible to the camera, a minor avalanche occurs behind him. panicking, the skier attempts to come to a stop, but the heavy snow continues to push him down the mountain.
Sweden's passport is among the most frequently sold travel documents on the black market. it allows visa-free entry into 174 countries – the same as Finland, Germany, the UK and the us. the uk passport is the 11th most expensive of 51 countries, and it takes a worker earning minimum wage 11 hours to pay it off.
england's withdrawal from the historic tournament has worsened relations between the FA and the home nations. the home nations were unhappy to find out about the FA ditching the event via a letter from chairman Greg Dyke, with no warning or consultation. this is seen as another example of FA ‘arrogance’ following the english telling FIFA that they want to send Great Britain football teams to the Rio Olympics without informing the other countries.
match.com is seeking a 'date explorer' to help it revolutionise the dating scene. the singleton will be given a round-the-world ticket with stops in new york, Rio de Janeiro, Rome, Stockholm and Paris. the trip will last for six weeks and take place during June and July.
unverified video shows rocket drifting onto its target before gust of wind topples it over. a deleted tweet by Musk says the rocket appeared to be suffering from'stiction in the biprop throttle valve' this means the valve controlling the flow propellent and oxidiser to the engine wasn't moving fast enough.
Adam Johnson has been charged with three offences of sexual activity with a child under 16 and one of grooming. the 27-year-old has not been suspended by his club sunderland. the midfielder has been used as a substitute in the last three games.
real madrid beat atletico madrid 1-0 at the Santiago Bernabeu on tuesday night. defender Sergio Ramos was the first man embraced at the end of the game. the spaniard could play in every position on the pitch. he has filled in at left-back and can play across the midfield.
Iker Casillas has been at the Bernabeu since breaking into the team as a 16-year-old. the 33-year-old has been linked with a move for manchester united's de Gea. but the spaniard insists he will stay at the club and fight for the no 1 jersey.
600 employees and senior executives were surveyed to find out their biggest resume peeves. the biggest blunder is spelling or grammar mistakes, with 87% of employers finding it annoying. other high ranking errors are incorrect personal information and missing contact details.
fiona, 51, said she knew the assailant had 'picked the wrong lady' she became overwhelmed with maternal instincts and pushed him from her home. she said seeing her child in danger gave her a boost of courage.
Eden Hazard tricks his marker with step-overs, a swift turn and by tucking the ball behind his standing leg to beat a man four times in succession. the 24-year-old will be a key man for jose mourinho's side as they travel to the Emirates Stadium on sunday. he will be hoping to beat the likes of Harry Kane and David de Gea to the PFA Players' Player of the Year crown.
Audrey Nethery, six, from Kentucky, has diamond blackfan anemia, a life-threatening bone marrow condition that impacts her body's ability to circulate oxygen. but her condition doesn't stop her from dancing, which she does incredibly well to Bruno Mars' hit uptown Funk in a widely-watched video. the video has already reached 2.8 million views since it was posted on facebook in march.
the last two weeks have showcased all that is best about Lewis Hamilton. the 30-year-old could do worse than learn a few things from and about Sir Jackie Stewart. he drove in an era when a driver racing for five years had a two in three chance of dying.
real housewives of orange county star Katie said there was no 'big fight or blow up' which caused their marriage to end. she said 'nothing sparked it' and slammed reports she cheated on the slugger as 'entirely false' the filing comes after he admitted to an alcohol and drugs relapse.
an injured and diseased Husky has been picked up by RSPCA inspectors in Adelaide. the Husky has an injury to his right rear leg, possibly the result of being hit by a car. he is also extremely underweight and is suffering from a long-standing case of mange, which has sparked secondary skin infections.
the 16-year-old made his official pre-season test debut with Van Amersfoort. the son of seven-time world champion michael began karting seven years ago. his father has won a record seven 91 races in the sport.
more than 1000 homes lost power between Houston and Dallas on Saturday. one tornado blew through Granbury at 7pm on Saturday night. winds of up to 80mph reported in Hood County and Parker County.
toto wolff believes Nico Rosberg was back to his best in Bahrain. the briton is 27 points adrift of team-mate Lewis Hamilton in the title race. he could only finish third behind the likes of Kimi Raikkonen and sebastian vettel.
a 66-year-old man reportedly set an Australian flag on fire at a Brisbane landmark on the eve of anzac day. he was arrested and charged with a 'breach of the peace' and public nuisance. tens of thousands are set to attend the 100th anniversary service in anzac square on saturday.
Floyd Mayweather and Manny Pacquiao go head-to-head in Las Vegas. each fighter has revealed a dozen oddities about themselves. he averages over 1000 sit-ups a day during training camp. he doesn't like ketchup or mustard on hot dogs but uses BBQ sauce.
the young fox cub had been stuck in a garden fence for around 40 minutes. it was in desperate need of being set free by a wildlife expert named Simon cowell. the cub is distressed and spits at the wildlife expert’s incoming hand. he distracts the fox with a stick before grabbing it with his hand and pulling it free.
nine-year-old has emulated Barcelona star Martin Montoya by scoring twice. the trick shot was recorded at the club's Ciutat Esportiva training ground. his mother Lucy, 32, said: 'he is very good at football, but that was just amazing'
the egg was laid in a hen coop in Capel Iwan, carmarthenshire. it measures just 1.8cm in length and is smaller than a five pence piece. it is three millimetres smaller than the current world record holder.
world champion Lewis Hamilton took to the water and enjoyed a jet surf session. the 30-year-old won the Bahrain grand prix on sunday. former team-mate Jenson Button has been training for the marathon.
jeb corliss jumped over the 562m high ball's pyramid near Lord Howe Island, in the Tasman Sea between australia and new zealand. the 39-year-old documented his flight over the stunning site on social media. he has been base-jumping since the age of 22 and has dedicated his life to human flight.
the 19-year-old said he would take Wayne Rooney's free-kick-taking ability. he said he would want Robin van persie's movement and Radamel Falcao's instincts. the striker has made 16 appearances for van gaal's side this season.
ominous warning from a man who has won nine of the last 11 grands prix. he has been on pole at the last four, and already holds a 27-point cushion in the drivers' standings. it is no wonder after winning in Bahrain, when Hamilton stepped out of his Mercedes, he immediately stood on top of it and pretended to smack an imaginary baseball out of the circuit.
it seems after every single World Cup that someone near to the top of English cricket gets the sack. it is high time we looked at the entire structure of english cricket. the system is broken and it desperately needs fixing if England are ever going to compete in limited-overs cricket again. even the sacking of alastair cook as one-day captain was a slow and protracted affair.
Adam Johnson charged with grooming and three counts of sexual activity with a 15-year-old girl. the 27-year-old has been bailed to appear before magistrates on may 20. if found guilty, he faces a lengthy prison term.
Luis Suarez's wife Sofia reveals he told her he didn't bite the defender. the striker was handed a four-month ban for biting the italian defender. but the television and radio replays suggested otherwise and he then admitted the truth 10 days later.
talkSport pundit aston villa drew 3-3 with QPR in the premier league on tuesday. he was in full fan mode as he celebrated the goals with the home fans. he even greeted QPR's Joey Barton after he fell down to win a free-kick.
three people have been killed in the worst storm in a decade in nsw. a staggering 312mm of rain fell in 24 hours in Dungog, in the nsw. a horse was rescued from drowning by a woman in a tin boat.
Wladimir Klitschko faces Bryant Jennings on April 25 at new york's msg. a win over jennings will place Klitschko within one win of Larry Holmes' record of 19 defences. he would still need six more wins to match Holmes' record of 25.
Adam Johnson has been charged with three offences of sexual activity with a 15-year-old girl and one of grooming. the 27-year-old answered bail at Peterlee police station on thursday. he will now appear at Peterlee Magistrates Court on may 20.
Eden Hazard is favourite to pick up the PFA Player of the Year award. the 24-year-old has scored 13 goals and made eight assists in 32 appearances. former manchester united midfielder believes he needs to be more ruthless.
AP McCoy's mount in the Grade One Celebration Chase at Sandown. he is one of three 7-2 co-favourites in the seven-runner line-up. special Tiara and sprinter Sacre will be ridden by Nico de Boinville.
the 27-year-old has been charged with grooming and three counts of sexual activity with a 15-year-old girl. he has been bailed to appear before Peterlee Magistrates on may 20. if found guilty, he could face a lengthy prison term.
wladimir Klitschko will fight american Bryant jennings in new york on saturday. the 39-year-old has dominated the heavyweight division for nearly a decade. he has 17 successful defenses in a row since winning the crown for the second time in 2006.
the 35-year-old is currently in India ahead of this year's IPL tournament. he will be hoping to help Royal Challengers Bangalore be crowned champions. last month he posted 'i'm not leaving' alongside an Instagram video of himself singing along with an amused singer.
'it's not easy but I have to focus. in the gym and outside the gym. It's not easy but I have to focus and work hard everyday!' said Pacquiao. 'the champ is here! @mannypacquiao and I sang a Lionel Richie duet today. Doesn't get cooler than that,' he tweeted.
AP McCoy will jump his final fence this weekend when the legendary jockey bows out at Sandown. to mark his retirement we've got some brilliant stats and little-known facts as we preview his big farewell.
prank set up by team-mates ahead of trip to face Marseille in Ligue 1. defender Zoumana camara had cake dunked all over his face on his birthday. £50million defender is a fringe player at the french champions.
Wayne Rooney has been interviewed by Ant and Dec's 'littles' for ITV's show. the 'littles' chant his name at him in the street and he jokes: 'just like this! That's the annoying part!' the full interview will be screened on saturday at 7pm on iTV.
Diego Maradona is widely considered one of the greatest players to have played the game and guided Argentina to world cup glory in 1986. the 54-year-old has not worked since leaving united arab emirates club al-Wasl in 2012. he has undergone gastric bypass surgery but now keeps his weight in check with boxing training.
the bantamweight champion wore a sleek black dress handmade by house of cb. the event took place at the TCL Chinese theatre in Hollywood. her mother, a former world judo champion, posted an image saying:'my little pumpkin grew up'
Bayern Munich have an interest in Chelsea defender Branislav Ivanovic. the 31-year-old has yet to open talks over a new contract at the club. he will be free to talk to foreign clubs from January.
the 25-year-old is keen to return to italy after making just 39 appearances since his £22million move from Fiorentina in 2013. city would prefer the money up front and are reluctant to agree to a loan deal for the montenegro international.
javier Hernandez scored the winner against rivals atletico madrid on tuesday. the striker broke down in tears after scoring in the champions league quarter-final. but real are unlikely to take up an option to make him permanent. they agreed an option with manchester united last summer. but they want a striker who can offer a greater threat in reserve.
'to cut the story short have never spoken to Wenger,' wanyama wrote on twitter. the 23-year-old has been linked with a move to the premier league. he has also been linked with a reunion with former saints boss Mauricio pochettino.
palermo's Paulo Dybala has scored 13 league goals this season. the 21-year-old has attracted interest from a number of leading clubs. reports in italy suggest that Juventus have offered £23million for the striker.
Serie a champions have ruled out a move for the colombian striker. the 29-year-old has scored just four goals since joining from Monaco. he is expected to leave old trafford in the summer.
crystal palace have been linked with a move for goalkeeper Tim Krul. pardew says he is happy with current no 1 goalkeeper Julian Speroni. the 53-year-old made the shock decision to leave Newcastle in January.
de Bruyne's agent expects to go 'around the world' discussing his client. the 23-year-old has attracted interest from manchester city, Bayern Munich and Ligue 1 giants paris saint-Germain. de bruyne has scored 10 league goals and registered 17 assists so far this season.
gareth bale is out of real's champions league quarter-final clash with atletico. the world's most expensive player is adamant he wants to stay at the club. rumours of a move to manchester united have been persistent.
defender reveals he has dreams of winning the ballon d'or. the 20-year-old has impressed at the heart of the defence this season. he hopes to emulate world cup winner Marcel Desailly.
arsenal must make a swift decision on petr cech this summer or risk losing out. the gunners are long-term admirers of the 32-year-old goalkeeper. cech will hold talks with manager Jose Mourinho at the end of the season.
manchester city midfielder has struggled to hit top form this season. but he has hinted that he is open to 'new challenges' at the etihad. the 31-year-old is wanted by former manager manuel pellegrini.
west Ham are interested in signing crystal palace midfielder James McArthur. the club have been impressed by his workmanlike performances. the 27-year-old has scored twice in 27 premier league appearances.
Manchester united have made an official approach for winger Memphis Depay. the 21-year-old has scored 20 goals in 26 league games for PSV this season. depay was named in van gaal's 23-man world cup squad last year.
city are preparing bids for sterling, barkley and Rodriguez. the club are aware of a lack of homegrown talent at senior level. the departure of Frank Lampard and uncertainty over James Milner's future are exacerbating the problem.
city are keeping tabs on spanish striker alvaro morata. real madrid have a buy-back option set at around £15million. city also want to sign psg midfielder Paul pogba.
the 31-year-old has been linked with a return to his boyhood club. but he insists he is yet to make a decision on his future. he scored a crucial goal against river plate in 2004.
hearts captain Danny Wilson has decided to leave the club at the end of the season. the 23-year-old has a further year left on his current deal at Tynecastle. defender led the club to championship title success last season.
the 31-year-old's contract with the Serie A champions does not expire until the end of next season. but he has reportedly told the club he wants to leave this summer. former manchester city striker is on course to win a second Serie A title.
manchester united have been considering a bid for the forward. but the striker insists he will stay at the etihad until his contract expires. the uruguayan missed several chances during his side's defeat to barcelona.
Georginio Wijnaldum has been linked with a move to the premier league. the 24-year-old has scored 16 goals in all competitions for PSV this season. the midfielder says he wants to play for a 'great club' in a major league.
the 23-year-old has struggled to make an impact for the blues this season. the brazilian has been criticised by manager jose mourinho. he cost the club £19.35m and they want a substantial profit on him.
the former manchester united and west ham striker has always said he wants to finish his career back at his first club Boca Juniors in Argentina. however, italian paper Corriere della Sera insist that the club will not stand in his way.
the 21-year-old is on loan at middlesbrough for the season. he has scored 17 goals in their push for promotion from the championship. he has just over a year left on his deal at the etihad stadium.
Sheffield Wednesday equalled club record of 17 clean sheets in a season on Tuesday. defender Tom Lees is in line to offer a new deal after impressing since joining. goalkeeper Keiren westwood is among contenders for the club's player of the year award.
dazzling attacking midfielder has been in talks with the blues this week. the 19-year-old passed a medical on thursday. he will join fellow brazilians Willian, Ramires, Filipe Luis and Oscar.
winger has returned to parent club after being ruled out for six weeks. the 24-year-old damaged his hamstring in the 1-1 draw with westham. he has been on loan at the etihad stadium but is expected to miss six weeks.
andre Ayew is out of contract at Marseille this summer. the 25-year-old is free to talk to foreign clubs. he has also attracted offers from Newcastle and everton.
arsenal have reservations over their interest in Raheem sterling. the 20-year-old is stalling on a new £100,000-per-week contract at anfield. the gunners are keen on the winger following recent events.
Christian Fuchs is out of contract at Schalke this summer. the 29-year-old is keen on a move to the premier league. he was outstanding in Schalke's 4-3 win over real madrid last month.
Gareth Bale has been linked with a move to manchester united. but real madrid legend Zinedine Zidane insists he is not for sale. the 25-year-old would 'improve any squad in the world', says Zidane.
manchester city have decided to listen to offers for Yaya Toure and Samir Nasri. the premier league champions are also open to letting Nasri leave. manuel pellegrini is under intense scrutiny following defeat by united.
helal abbas, 55, lost his bid to become the mayor of Tower Hamlets. the race was won by Lutfur Rahman, 50, a controversial figure. he has been accused of rigging his re-election victory last year.
Nabil Bentaleb's current deal at white hart lane expires in the summer of 2018. the midfielder's future has moved up the hierarchy's agenda. clubs from across Europe are monitoring the situation.
a time lapse video, filmed from the platform between 11am and 11.45am, shows the water creeping along the tracks at Bardwell Park in Sydney's south. at one point a worker in a high-vis jacket appears to look at the rising water to take a photo. the murky flood water eventually submerges the train line and begins moving like a river.
seven-week-old Grace Joy roseman died after she managed to move over the edge of her adjustable cot. a'safety ridge' cut off oxygen supply to her brain, west Sussex coroner's court heard. a report has called for the bedside cot to be pulled from shelves.
blackburn striker has scored 20 goals in the championship this season. the 26-year-old has set his sights on a move away from the club. he has put premier league clubs on alert after revealing his desire to be playing in the premier league next season.
footage of the brief contest was captured on a property near the Amber Mountain National Park on the northern edge of Madagascar. it shows the males sizing each other up before one is forced to retreat following a violent battle for the attention of a female chameleon. the video maker, who speaks french, declared it ‘bataille du chameleons’, or battle of the chameleons.
dapper Laughs documented his journey to Sydney, via Doha and Melbourne. he joked about how women couldn’t resist him and his jibes were branded'sexist'. he also mocked airport cleaners while in character as his laddish alter-ego.
a man was shot dead in the queens section of the city as he fled the scene of an alleged crime. officers responded to a call from a bar that shots had been fired. when he turned around to do so again he was shot dead.
Mauricio pochettino will be given a hostile reception at saints on saturday. the argentine admits he can handle any animosity on his return to the club. he decided to leave the south coast club in may to take up the reins at spurs.
Celtic lost 1-0 to inverness in the scottish cup semi-final on saturday. defender Josh Meekings will be allowed to play in the final after his ban was dismissed. manager Ronny Deila has called for a public explanation of decisions.
crystal palace host relegation strugglers hull city in the premier league on saturday. pardew is keen on bringing in a star name to boost the club's profile. he slapped a '40 to 60 million pounds' price tag on winger Yannick Bolasie.
Lorient climb clear of relegation zone with 5-3 win at home to Marseille. Florian Thauvin and Andre-Pierre Gignac had given visitors 2-0 lead. but ayew and ayew scored in the second half to seal victory.
the inverness defender was cleared to play in the final against falkirk. a charge of deliberate handball to deny Celtic striker leigh Griffiths was thrown out. he admitted he was fortunate not to have conceded a penalty and was red-carded.
a point is needed to break the record set last season by Mauricio pochettino. the former saints boss has promised not to leave for a bigger club. he has been a revelation in his first season in english football. 'it is good to stay and to be the manager of Southampton,' he said.
the 23-year-old is on loan at west ham from arsenal until the end of the season. he is weighing up whether to represent the republic of Ireland or the england side. the defender says he should follow his heart when choosing his future.
westham will move to the Olympic Stadium in a year's time. manager Sam Allardyce has labelled the move the best business by any premier league club in a long time. the club became the first to drop season ticket prices off the back of the premier league's record £5.13bn television deal.
le'Veon Bell will miss the first three games of the season for abusing the league's substance abuse policy. the 23-year-old was stopped in his car last august after a police officer noticed a strong smell of marijuana. former Steeler leGarrette Blount and a female passenger were also in the car and the pair were charged with marijuana possession.
new state-of-the-art stadium due to be completed in time for 2018-19 season. could include a'slide-out' grass football pitch with an NFL-style synthetic surface housed underneath. extra-large changing rooms to accommodate NFL squad sizes are also being explored by architects.
Mauricio pochettino spent 16 months as a manager at st mary's. the argentine was sacked by Nicola cortese after a poor run of form. but he returned to his former side to take on his former side in october.
the full 2015 season schedule was released on tuesday night. the reigning champions will host the opening game of the season. week one also features a prime-time showdown between the New York Giants and their NFC East rivals Dallas Cowboys.
first-degree murder conviction carries a mandatory sentence of life in prison without parole in the slaying of Odin Lloyd, a 27-year-old landscaper and amateur weekend football player. Hernandez's mother, Terri, and his fiancee, Shayanna Jenkins, cried and gasped when they heard the verdict. Hernandez was also found guilty on firearm and ammunition charges.
'just because he's on my team I don't stop feeling that way,' says Bennett. 'i'm going to be a better team-mate to him because he's on my team. I can't do the things I was doing to him when we were playing him,' he adds.
the 34-year-old cornerback has agreed a deal with the Carolina Panthers. he was a stalwart of the team's defense during his 12-year career. but he remains a favourite for his work on and off the field.
the Dallas Cowboys defensive end has been suspended without pay for 10 games. the suspension follows a two-month investigation that started after the dismissal of his domestic violence case in february. domestic violence charges against Hardy were abruptly dropped in february after his accuser could not be found to testify.
the 26-year-old has signed a one-year deal after suffering a tear to his right ACL last season. he played just six games as the patriots won their sixth straight AFC east title and went on to win the super bowl. 'We all know it's a business, yet it's also a blessing,' said his agent.
the 41-year-old was in the league's officiating development program in 2013-14 and worked some team minicamps last year. she's already broken ground in the officiating field as the first woman to work college games in 2007. she was the first female official on the FBS level and the first to officiate a bowl game, the 2009 Little Caesars Pizza Bowl in Detroit.
'i don’t think he likes or respects the stars. I’m being honest. I think he likes the fact that it’s "Chip Kelly and the Eagles",' he said. 'for two years in Philly it wasn't like that as much. Not in a negative way, but it was more like a college feel'.
aqib and yaqub Talib are being investigated for aggravated assault. they were involved in an altercation at a Dallas-area nightclub on tuesday. he was in trouble before and was wanted on charges of aggravated assault with a deadly weapon in 2011.
the Minnesota Vikings running back was placed on the commissioner's exempt list due to a child abuse case. the 30-year-old was due to be reinstated on april 15. he has been linked with the cowboys and the cardinals.
the 42-year-old mother-of-three from Mississippi has officiated pre-season games as a line judge. starting at high school, she would go on to become the first woman to referee in a Big Ten stadium and a bowl game.
the 22-year-old will fly to Texas next month for rookie mini-camp. the 6ft 5in, 225-pound Obada will be used as a defensive end or tight end. he was mentored by Warriors defensive co-ordinator aden durde.
the Jacksonville Jaguars are committed to playing one home game each year in London until 2016. the winner will announce the draft picks live on sky sports in the UK and the NFL Network in the united states. it will mark the first time that any part of the NFL Draft has taken place outside the united states.
Badou Jack outpointed Anthony Dirrell to take the world super-middleweight title. the fight set up a fight with mandatory challenger George Groves. Jack has won three straight fights after being stopped in the first round by Derek Edwards in 2014.
Nicola Adams has pulled out of this weekend's english national championships. she was forced to withdraw after a burglary at her home in Leeds. two cars, training kit and valuable personal possessions were taken.
unbeaten Floyd Mayweather faces Manny Pacquiao in Las Vegas on may 2. the bout has been billed as the 'fight of the century' and is worth at least $180million and $120m respectively. but former undefeated world super-middleweight and light-heavyweight champion Joe Calzaghe is confident he can predict the outcome.
boxing fans are expected to attend the eve-of-fight ritual at the MGM Grand Garden Arena on may 2. tickets will cost £6.60 and will go on sale on friday at 8pm. all funds raised will go to the charities chosen by Mayweather and Pacquiao - Susan G. Komen and the Cleveland Clinic Lou Ruvo Center for Brain Health.
Luke Rockhold beat Lyoto Machida by second-round submission. the 185-pound middleweight wants a title shot and a shot at MMA history. 'i am the no 1 contender. i'm the best guy around,' he said.
Lyoto machida showed the lengths he would go to make wake by sweating it out under an electric blanket. at the end of the video, the Brazilian lifts up his sauna suit and empties a considerable volume of water on to the floor. machida later tipped the scales on the welterweight limit of 185lb as he prepares to take on Luke Rockhold in new jersey on Saturday.
rockhold is bidding for his fourth consecutive victory since losing to Vitor Belfort two years ago and has a title shot in his sights. the californian is ready to be the bull to Lyoto Machida's matador when the middleweights collide in new jersey on saturday. he said: 'i've just got to cut him off, slowly progress and be the bull'
conor McGregor said he would 'kill' Floyd Mayweather 'in less than 30 seconds' if he was ever pitted against the best boxer in the world. he is preparing for his world title fight against featherweight champion Jose aldo in July.
uFC women's bantamweight champion wants to 'find a way' to return to the ring. she made her first in-ring appearance with Fast and Furious 7 co-star the rock at wrestlemania 31 in front of almost 77,000 people in california. 'i need to find a way (to return) but I have a lot of stuff going on,' she said ahead of her fight against fierce rival Bethe Correia.
Jeff Novitzky will spearhead the development of the UFC's new drug testing programme. he was also involved in the investigations into Barry Bonds, Marion Jones and Justin Gatlin. the organisation announced earlier this year that they will implement a new year-round, out-of-competition testing protocol.
manuwa believes his 'aggression and killer instinct' will help him finish his opponent inside two rounds. 'i've never been a decision fighter. I've never even been past the second round and so I don't expect to this time,' he said.
Mirko ‘Cro Crop’ Filipovic faces Gabriel Gonzaga in Poland on Saturday. he lost to the Brazilian in 2007 when a first-round head kick ended the fight. 'i want to beat all the opponents who have beaten me before,' he said.
Conor McGregor insists featherweight champion Jose Aldo doesn't want the title as much as he does. 'He can't hide the fact he doesn't want the belt in his presence,' he said.
the 2010 women's us open winner has called for a women's event at Augusta National. creamer first floated the idea on twitter following the win over jordan spieth. the world no 27 suggested a women's event could be staged the week following the men's showpiece in April.
Chad Mendes and Ricardo Lamas face off at the Patriot Centre in Fairfax. the fight could determine the next challenger to the featherweight title. mendes' only two professional losses have come at the hands of the Brazilian king. lamas also dropped a decision to aldo when they met in february last year.
former us open champion returns to action at the Zurich Classic of New Orleans. the 34-year-old has not been outside the top 15 on his last three outings. he will play alongside two other players who performed well in the Masters.
the 26-year-old is gearing up for a featherweight title challenge in Las Vegas. he has already got a picture of a gorilla eating a heart tattooed onto his chest. 'If you see the tiger, it's too late. you're food,' he wrote on his Instagram.
Chad Mendes beats former title rival Ricardo Lamas in the first round. the fight took place in fairfax, virginia, on saturday night. mendes came into the fight on the back of a decision loss against champion Jose Aldo.
Lindsey Vonn has been dating golf's former no 1 since 2013. the 30-year-old skier appeared on the late night with seth Meyers. vonn credits him with helping her recover from a knee injury that kept her out of the 2014 world championships.
three-time winner Faldo will cross the Swilcan Bridge for the final time. he will compete on the 25th anniversary of his victory on the old course. five-time champion Tom Watson will play his final Open in 2015.
the 36-year-old showed off a baseball-style trick shot while practicing in china. the ball flew down the fairway, drawing a reaction from his caddie. the american finished T-29 at the shenzhen international.
former US Open champion defeated Kevin Kisner on second play-off hole. furyk claimed a second PGA Tour title at Hilton head. the 44-year-old hit a final round 63 to finish 18-under in regulation play.
Kiradech Aphibarnrat won the inaugural shenzhen international. the 19-year-old finished 12 under par to claim his second european tour title. teen Li Hao-tong finished two shots behind the overnight leader.
Thailand's Kiradech Aphibarnrat takes lead at the shenzhen international in china. the 25-year-old fired six birdies in the space of nine holes to overtake american Peter Uihlein. double Masters champion Bubba Watson struggled to his second consecutive round of 74 to finish two over par.
carly booth took to Instagram to show off her impressive bikini body. the 22-year-old is currently in Mauritius for a photo shoot with Golf Punk magazine. the Scot is currently ranked world no 520.
the 21-year-old bounced back from his opening 74 with a second-round 62. but he and fellow competitors were no match for Troy Merritt, who fired a 10-under-par 61 to equal the course record at Harbour Town Golf Links. the american shot to the top of the leaderboard on 12 under overall.
the world number one has been a major influence in attracting a top-class field. the tournament will feature five players who have been world number one. the addition of Martin Kaymer and Luke Donald means the tournament will feature eight major champions in McIlroy, Darren Clarke, Graeme McDowell, Paul Lawrie and Jose Maria Olazabal.
the 21-year-old struggled in difficult conditions in south Carolina. he finished well off the pace by carding a three-over-par 74. he has enjoyed a whirlwind few days since winning the masters in augusta.
Rory McIlroy battled with Jamie Dornan during a game of Circular Soccer. the northern irishman defeated the film star 2-1 to take the crown. the 25-year-old is an avid Manchester united fan and dreamed of playing for the red devils as a child.
Sara Errani beat Agnieszka Radwanska 7-6 (8/6) 6-4 in two hours and eight minutes. it is the second high-profile exit at the Porsche tennis grand prix in as many days. world no 15 will now face Kazakhstan's Zarina Diyas.
Rafael Nadal lost 6-4, 7-6 (8-6) to italian Fabio Fognini in the third round. the world no 4 was looking for his ninth career title on the catalan clay.
defending champion sits four shots off Huang Wen-yi's lead at the shenzhen international. the american struggled on one over after 13 holes on tuesday. but three successive birdies got him back under par.
'it was a little crazy in new york having paparazzi know where we were going to eat dinner even though we never told anybody,' said the 21-year-old. 'i wouldn't come to a tournament just to come to a tournament, especially with that goal still in mind,' said Spieth.
Rafael Nadal beat his compatriot Nicolas Almagro 6-3 6-1 at the Barcelona Open. the world no 4 is looking for his ninth career title on the catalan clay court. the world no 4 is watched by Barcelona forward Neymar in the crowd.
ordinary tennis fans face a scramble for Davis Cup quarter-final tickets this summer. there will be a capacity of 7,000 for the tie against France at the queen's club. but well under 3,000 tickets may be available to the kind of supporters who created such an electric atmosphere in Glasgow for last month's first round.
the 2014 U.S. open champion was eliminated in the second round. victor Estrella of the Dominican Republic beat main Cilic 6-4, 6-4. Santiago Giraldo of Colombia beat Joao Sousa of Portugal 6-3, 3-6, 6-1.
fifth seed Ana Ivanovic was seen off 7-6 (8/6) 6-4 by France's Caroline Garcia. the world no 29 had already beaten her two previous times this year. other seeds made it through their first round matches on Tuesday.
angelique Kerber beats three-time champion Maria Sharapova 2-6, 7-5, 6-1. top seed Sharapova had a first-round bye and lost her world no 2 ranking. fourth seed Caroline Wozniacki beat third seed Petra Kvitova 6-3, 7-6 (2).
'the Wimbledon that I really felt was Andy Murray’s victory because it was very special for him,' says manager. 'for a British player to win Wimbledon after so many years I felt so much emotion. I am not British, but on that day I felt like I was'
serena Williams beat Sara Errani 4-6 7-6(3) 6-3 in the play-off on sunday. the american was beaten 3-2 by the italian and relegated to world group. 'it's been a big eye-opener,' said the world no 1 afterwards.
top seed kei nishikori beat Teymuraz Gabashvili 6-3 6-4. the other seeds to advance to the third round were both spaniards. eight-time champion Rafael Nadal will face fellow spaniard Nicolas Almagro.
Navratilova won 18 grand slam singles titles as a player. she and Radwanska announced in December that they would work together. a statement posted to Radwanska's twitter account thanks Navratilova.
Rafa Nadal faces Novak Djokovic in the french open on saturday. the world no 1 has won 17 matches on the bounce in recent weeks. but the serbian insists he has no worries about his future at Roland garros.
the venerable club in baron's court will host Britain's biggest home tie in three decades from July 17-19. tickets go on sale on may 27 and the match is sure to sell out quickly with the likely capacity of the one court used being around 7,000. the match is sure to sell out quickly with the likely capacity of the one court used being around 7,000.
Jenson Button was denied his 100th race for McLaren after an energy recovery system prevented him from starting. the briton spent much of the race on twitter delivering his verdict as the action unfolded. 'Kimi is the man to watch,' and 'loving the sparks' were among his pearls of wisdom.
the 35-year-old stopped on track in each of the practice sessions on friday. after just three corners of the Bahrain International Circuit, the engine in his McLaren cut out at the first corner due to an electrical failure. after FP2 a sensor issue forced him to pull over.
azerbaijan will stage the european grand prix in the capital of Baku. human rights watch's 2015 report stated there had been a 'dramatic deterioration in its already poor rights record' however, formula one supremo Bernie Ecclestone maintains the country's human rights record will be checked. the 84-year-old has won three of the opening four races this season.
Novak Djokovic defeated Tomas Berdych 7-5 4-6 6-3 at the Monte Carlo Open. the world no 1 became the first player to win the opening three ATP world tour Masters 1000 events. the serb had overpowered eight-time champion Rafael Nadal to reach the final.
Nico Rosberg was third six-tenths of a second behind team-mate Lewis Hamilton. the german has dominated Hamilton this season and has got pole in every race during the current campaign.
the british driver was set to start from the back of the grid after breaking down in qualifying. but despite frantic work from his McLaren team to get his car ready in time for the race in Sakhir, he was forced to watch from the sidelines.
Lewis Hamilton took pole for the Bahrain grand prix at Sakhir on Saturday. his team-mate Nico Rosberg was third six-tenths of a second behind him. it proved that Ferrari are now in the championship fight, changing the dynamic for Hamilton and particularly Rosberg.
Maurizio Arrivabene has urged Kimi Raikkonen to prove himself if he wants to stay at the maranello marque. the 35-year-old's contract ends at the end of the current formula one season, although there is an option for 2016. the Finn has let himself down in qualifying but has recovered well in the last two races in Malaysia and China.
'i'm happy with the drivers we have, but this does not mean I am going to sign with Kimi Raikkonen tomorrow,' says Maurizio Arrivabene. it has been suggested that the 30-year-old will replace Raikkonen at Ferrari for next season.
Nico Rosberg is wary of the threat from rivals Ferrari ahead of this weekend's Bahrain grand prix. the german topped the timesheet with a lap of one minute 34.647secs. the 29-year-old was 0.115secs quicker than team-mate Lewis Hamilton.
Bernie Ecclestone has urged Lewis Hamilton to consider a move to Ferrari. the 84-year-old has yet to put pen to paper on a new contract with Mercedes. he says that until the ink is dry there are no guarantees he will stay.
Davy Condon was riding Portrait King in the grand national at Aintree. the jockey fell at the third-last, leaving him with a spinal concussion. it was the second time within a year that the rider suffered a similar injury.
2,000 Guineas hope Ride Like The Wind is 'on the same sort of level' as Charm Spirit. french trainer Freddy Head says ride like the wind is 'on the same sort of level' as the fifth-placed runner.
the 35-year-old's McLaren suffered an electrical fault on friday. it cut the engine and forced him into a spin at turn one of the Bahrain circuit. but his mechanics failed to fix the fault until just before the start of FP2. he finished down in 19th place, almost 4.5 seconds off the pace of Nico Rosberg.
the jockey was due to partner last year's Cheltenham gold cup winner Lord Windermere in the Crabbie's Grand National at Aintree. but he suffered multiple injuries when coming to grief in a fall from Bursledon in a handicap hurdle the previous day. despite still having no feeling in his legs, he was able to leave his bed for the first time on tuesday to enjoy the sunshine.
AP McCoy has confirmed he will ride to the final race at Sandown on Saturday. there had been speculation that the soon-to-be-crowned 20-time champion jockey would end his career after riding in the AP McCoy Celebration Chase. but there is now a good chance his final mount as a professional jockey will come in the handicap hurdle run at 5.35.
AP McCoy will be presented with his final champion jockeys trophy. the retired rider is a huge arsenal supporter. he has been invited to attend a home game before the end of the season.
northampton face Saracens in the top-of-the-table clash on saturday. the saints were dumped out of the champions cup by Exeter. flanker tom wood is desperate for his side to regain momentum.
the 20-year-old prop has been capped nine times for the Dark Blues Under 20s side. he has penned a two-year deal with the club which ties him to the club until 2017. 'there's a great buzz at the club and I'm eager to improve my game,' he said.
the 24-year-old can either play at wing or centre. he will join the club on a two-year deal which takes him through to 2017. his peers include Luke Marshall, Craig Gilroy and paddy Jackson.
the rugby union has said that Mariano Galarza should have been ineligible. the case will be heard by an independent panel of Jeremy Summers, Bonike Erinle and Robert Horner on Monday, April 27.
Saracens no 8 Billy Vunipola, Toulon flanker Steffon Armitage and Clermont full back Nick Abendanon have all been shortlisted for the European Player of the Year award. the trio are joined on the shortlist by leinster captain Jamie Heaslip and Clermont no 8 Fritz Lee.
hooker suffered the sickening injury while playing for Heriot's Racing Club. he was caught by an opponent's hip or shorts - leaving a truly horrifying sight. he took to twitter to show off his battle scars but it's not for the feint-hearted.
manu Tuilagi has been out of action since picking up a groin injury in October. the 23-year-old is targeting a return to action in the summer in time for his country's pre-world cup preparations.
conor o'Shea has ruled out the full back for the rest of the season. brown was knocked out in the RBS 6 Nations test against Italy. the 29-year-old has continued to suffer from headaches.
Leicester have announced a move for super rugby lock Mike Fitzgerald. the 28-year-old has helped the Waikato-based Chiefs win two titles. he will follow waratahs wing Peter Betham to Welford Road.
toulon fly half Matt Giteau is eligible to play for the wallabies again. the 32-year-old was left out of the 2011 world cup in new zealand. 'elite' players based abroad will be picked with immediate effect. the wallabies have gained more experience and firepower for the world cup.
rugby union is going to be the sport of the year with the world cup coming up. the tournament will encompass 48 matches spread across 44 days of action. 'if it's already like it is now, we'll never have seen anything like it come World Cup time,' says assistant coach.
players with 60 caps playing overseas will be eligible to continue their careers. other players based abroad will immediately become eligible if they commit to playing in australia for the following two seasons. wallabies will Genia, Adam Ashley-Cooper, Nic White, Peter Betham, Sekope Kepu and James Horwill are all off to European clubs for next year.
Joe Root scored 118 not out at stumps on day three of second test in Grenada. it was his first overseas century and his sixth on home soil. alastair cook scored 76 in a century stand with Jonathan Trott (59) at top. Gary Ballance's 77 boosted his 165-run partnership with Root.
alastair cook hung his head in disbelief after wasting a golden opportunity to end his long wait for a century. he again fell short of the magic three figures despite looking as solid and unflustered at the crease as at any time in the two years since his last century. but another display of the rare class and maturity that has made Joe Root England’s outstanding batsman.
marlon Samuels gave a military-style salute as he carried on his duel with Ben Stokes. west indies great Curtly Ambrose said the gesture was more friendly. the gesture was seen as good 'banter' by geoffrey boycott.
alastair cook and Jonathan Trott have scored more than 100 runs together on 10 occasions. the pair are the sixth english pair to score more than 100 runs together on 10 occasions. new Zealand all-rounder Corey Anderson is a doubt for next month’s series in England after breaking a finger. west indies bowler Shannon Gabriel picked up where he left off after reaching 93mph on Wednesday.
Stuart Broad produced his best bowling since knee surgery last year. a defiant last wicket stand of 52 from Devendra Bishoo and Shannon Gabriel lifted west indies to 299. Cook and the under pressure Jonathan Trott joined forces to hit their first half-century partnership as an opening pair. when Cook reached 17 of his unbeaten 37 he went past alec Stewart to become the second highest run-scorer in England's Test history.
australia's Aaron Finch has had surgery on his left hamstring. the batsman faces three months out of action after the operation. the 28-year-old sustained the injury while playing in the ipl.
alastair cook passes 8,463 runs to become second highest test run-scorer. he passed alec Stewart's 8,463 in reply to west indies' 299 on tuesday. a burst of wickets from Stuart Broad lifted the hosts to 74.
Zara Phillips was due to make her Kentucky debut on friday. the 33-year-old had travelled to the united states with high kingdom. the horse kicked out of his stable and suffered a cut leg.
the newly crowned Defensive Player of the Year scored 32 points as the San Antonio Spurs beat the Los Angeles Clippers 100-73. the clippers had won the first game of the series convincingly at the Staples Center but must now come from behind. the Rockets edged Dallas 130-128 to take a 3-0 lead in the all-Texan NBA first-round playoff series.
Graeme Swann reveals when alastair cook's form took a turn for the worse. 'it's the greatest piece of reverse psychology i've ever seen,' says former team-mate. adil Rashid made to wait to make his test debut after being left out.
marlon Samuels was involved in a war of words with west indies batsman. the two clashed repeatedly on the pitch and Samuels taunted him. the all-rounder played on his experience of 56 Tests to Stokes' seven. 'the english boys don't learn because whenever they talk to me I continue to score runs!'.
alejandro Valverde claimed victory in Belgium's Fleche Wallonne on Wednesday. the spaniard finished ahead of Julian Alaphilippe and Michael Albasini. former winner Philippe Gilbert pulled out after a bad crash 50km from the end.
five-time world champion beat 32-year-old Craig Steadman 10-3 at the Crucible. the 39-year-old had trouble with his shoes during the session on Tuesday. he could face a fine of around £250 for breaching dress code.
the 29-year-old lost 4-2 in the semi-finals to Hong Kong's Ng On Yee. she became the first woman to qualify for men's events since 1994. but 11 days later, Yee claimed a shock win to become the first new world ladies' champion for a decade.
world no 1 beat James Wade 7-0 in the final match of the night. world no 1 and world champion both won and lost a game apiece. van Gerwen booked a place in the play-offs at the 02.
all five of the series that have played two games now stand at 2-0. Washington's 117-106 victory at Toronto owed most to John Wall and Bradley Beal. Cleveland shook off a persistent Boston to win 99-91 at home.
Judd Trump beat Stuart Carrington 10-6 in the first round of the world championship. the 25-year-old led 7-2 from the start but was made to battle. he will now face Marco Fu in the next round.
world record holder said she 'was close to pulling out' of the marathon. but renowned german doctor has made sure she will race on sunday. he has worked with the likes of Ronaldo, Michael Owen and usain boltt.
china's Ding Jinhui was on for a maxumum break of 147. the world no 3 screwed back for the blue instead of the black. he would have pocketed £30,000 for a maximum break of 147.
the Chicago Bulls beat the Milwaukee Bucks 91-82 to take a 2-0 lead in their first-round series. Jimmy Butler set a play-off career-high for the second straight game with 31 points. Klay Thompson scored 26 points and Stephen Curry had 22 points and six assists for the golden state warriors.
golden state beat new orleans 123-119 in overtime to lead play-off series 3-0. the win was mirrored by a dramatic win by the bulls against Milwaukee. derrick rose scored 34 points and Jimmy Butler added 24 for the bulls.
the game will feature a Team Africa vs Team World format at the iconic Ellis Park Stadium in Johannesburg, south africa. eight-time NBA All-Star Paul will captain Team World, while two-time NBA All-Star Deng - who was born in South Sudan - will lead out Team Africa.
the 2010 champion rattled in an opening break of 133 as he reeled off the three frames required to turn a 7-2 lead into a 10-2 victory over Welshman Jamie Jones. the 33-year-old has committed more hours to the game than ever before and he believes it will help him fulfil his potential.
arsene wenger wants'respect' for former players when cesc Fabregas returns. but a decent chunk of arsenal's supporters feel he doesn't deserve much. one prominent fan called for the removal of a Fabregas banner from the Ken Friar Bridge. the circumstances behind his summer move from barcelona to liverpool are still as clear as mud.
the 28-year-old missed the semi-final win against Liverpool because of a troublesome hamstring injury. he posted a video of himself performing a boxing workout with a trainer. the video suggests that the former england international could be ready for a return to action sooner rather than later.
sportsmail asks some of the managers what it will take to avoid relegation. qpr manager Chris Ramsey feels they will stay up if they win three more games. aston villa manager tim sherwood believes his appointment has given them a lot of belief and confidence.
former everton chairman and life president has died aged 87. he also served as president of the Football League and a vice-president of the Football Association. under his stewardship, the club won two league titles, an FA Cup and the European Cup Winners' Cup.
burnley striker Danny Ings hasn't scored since february 11. the 23-year-old has been strongly linked with a move to manchester united or liverpool when his contract runs out in the summer. ings missed his side's best chance against everton on saturday.
Aaron Lennon has just four games remaining on loan at everton. the winger is ineligible to play against his parent club on the final day of the season. everton boss Roberto Martinez wants to get the most out of the loan spell.
Kevin Mirallas has been linked with a move away from the toffees. the 27-year-old scored his first premier league goal since december 28. everton boss Roberto Martinez admits he doesn't know what the future holds.
leroy Fer damaged medial ligaments in his knee against sunderland in february. the 25-year-old midfielder has not played since the 2-0 win at the etihad stadium. qpr have several players returning to fitness, including defender Richard Dunne.
Steve McClaren has called speculation linking him with the Newcastle job 'disrespectful'. the former england boss insists his sole focus is steering Derby to promotion. he admitted there had been interest in him from Newcastle at the turn of the year when Alan Pardew left to take over at crystal palace.
at the start of the season Bruce was targeting 10 wins to survive. but despite a strong start his side have mustered just six. they now have six games to save their season including nightmare fixtures against Liverpool, Arsenal, Tottenham and Manchester united.
Alan Pardew says he would sell winger Yannick Bolasie for £40m to £60m. the crystal palace manager says all his players are 'undervalued'. but he concedes 'every player has a price' and will build the team around that.
interim manager has called for unity at the club following a divisive season. carver says he is not afraid to give his honest opinion on events at the club. fans group AshleyOut.com are encouraging supporters to ‘Stand Up To Ashley’ when Swansea visit St James’ Park on Saturday.
esteban cambiasso signed a one-year deal at Leicester last summer. the 34-year-old has been in excellent form in the premier league. Leicester are currently 18th in the premier league.
the 15-year-old is a highly regarded member of Belgium's U16 squad. club brugge and anderlecht have also expressed an interest. he is poised to sign on July 9 when he turns 16.
'when you hear it for the first time you are like 'Oh my God', says the 21-year-old. 'i just responded by scoring goals. I used it as motivation,' he says. he is hoping to strike up a partnership with strike partner Arouna kone.
supporters are campaigning to show their support for their former boss. they are encouraging match-goers to wear orange instead of red. the idea is thought to have come from the owner of clothing range Raw Spirit.
queens park rangers are in the drop zone of the premier league with 28 points. they face westham, liverpool, manchester city, Newcastle and Leicester. manager Chris Ramsey believes his side will stay in the top flight with three wins.
chelsea beat manchester united 1-0 at stamford bridge on saturday. manchester city drew 1-1 with west bromwich albion at the etihad. manchester city drew 1-1 with liverpool at the etihad on saturday. manchester city drew 1-1 with liverpool at the etihad stadium.
Jack Butland voted for team-mate Harry Kane to win PFA Young Player of the Year. the 22-year-old goalkeeper is bidding to be the first captain to lift the european under 21 championship since Dave Sexton's team won the trophy in 1984. butland was part of the ill-fated England side that crashed out of the under 21 finals at the group stages two years ago.
rodgers insists he is the man to guide the club to success despite a disappointing season. the manager is under pressure following the 2-1 defeat by aston villa. rodgers has been boosted by the news that Jordan Henderson has committed his future to the club.
Swansea have revived their interest in blackburn's Rudy gestede. the blackburn striker is rated at £7million by the premier league side. crystal palace, hull and west brom have also made enquiries.
there are just four points separating the bottom five sides in the premier league. Leicester, Burnley and QPR have all been promoted. but the bottom three are teetering on the brink of relegation. sportsmail's reporters give their verdicts on the closest run-in for years.
sebastien pocognoli says he's baffled by his manager's decision to drop him. the defender was an important player under manager Alan Irvine. but he has found his game time limited since he left the club.
asmir Begovic has attracted interest from several top clubs, including Real Madrid. the Bosnian goalkeeper kept Stoke in the game during a one-sided first half. mark Hughes is keen to keep Begovic at the club as he looks to stabilise them in the top ten.
Leicester moved off the bottom of the premier league table for the first time since November. andrej Kramaric was substituted after 15 minutes for andrej mahrez. andrej mahrez was substituted in the first half after a calf injury. andrej mahrez was substituted in the second half for a foul on andrej mahrez.
a 4-0 defeat at parkhead killed off any realistic prospect of a first championship flag in 30 years being flown at Pittodrie. Aberdeen have lost all three previous meetings with Celtic this season. but striker Adam Rooney doesn't want to see them celebrate on their patch.
Harry Kane scored his 30th goal of the season for Tottenham on sunday. the 21-year-old is also nominated for the PFA Young Player of the Year award. he scored in their 3-1 win at Newcastle united at the weekend.
west ham have announced their new season-ticket structure. the club will move to the 54,000-seater Olympic stadium next year. the cheapest season ticket at the club is £620. but there will be £289 seats on offer from the 2016-17 season. manager Sam Allardyce says filling the stadium is the most important thing.
andre blackman stole a jacket worth more than £1,000 from Harrods. the 24-year-old was ordered to carry out 40 hours of unpaid work. he claimed it would disrupt his search for a new club. blackman has been told he is surplus to requirements at blackpool.
west brom host liverpool at the hawthorns on saturday. the baggies are eight points above the relegation zone. manager Tony Pulis insists his side can beat the top teams.
the video is entitled 'Harry Kane - PFA Player of the Year?' and has been released ahead of the awards ceremony on Sunday. the young striker is nominated for both the PFA Player and Young Player of the Season awards.
former Celtic striker has branded additional official 'idiotic' for not seeing a handball by inverness caley thistle defender Josh Meekings. meekings is fighting a ban from the Scottish Cup final following a Notice of Complaint from the SFA compliance officer. 'it was just idiotic how he didn't see it. it wasn't a conspiracy theory or anything like that,' he said.
Josh Meekings prevented a goal-bound header from Celtic's Leigh Griffiths. the defender was served with a retrospective notice of complaint by compliance officer Tony McGlennan. Celtic wrote to the SFA to seek 'clarification' on the reasons for referee Steven McLean and his four assistants missing the first-half incident.
Virgil van Dijk's 16th free-kick gave the parkhead side a dream start. but they were denied a clear penalty and the chance to go 2-0 ahead. additional assistant Alan muir failed to spot a goalline handball from Josh Meekings.
'it's hard for officials given the pace of the game,' says brown. 'if they were in that position they would have won a Treble in that time, probably two or three,' he says. 'it's hard for officials given the pace of the game,' says brown.
Stuart McCall is compiling a dossier of transfer targets for next season. the interim manager may not be at the club to parade them. but he is already piecing together a list of potential new arrivals.
a goal was wrongly disallowed for offside during Celtic's 3-2 defeat. defender Josh Meekings stopped a goal-bound shot with his hand. Celtic were leading 1-0 at the time but went on to lose 3-2. former player has urged his former club to move on from the injustice.
the board have held their first meeting with Mike Ashley since assuming control at Ibrox. the billionaire owner of Newcastle united owns an 8.92 per cent stake in the club.
ally McCoist deserves a chance to prove himself at a stable club, says Walter Smith. the former Ibrox legend worked closely with McCoist and coach Kenny McDowall before the duo assumed the reins at Rangers during four years of unprecedented turmoil off and on the pitch. despite leaving the club under a cloud, Smith insists that both men have something left to offer in football.
aston villa face manchester city at the etihad stadium on saturday. manager tim sherwood is confident his side can stay up with five games left. sherwood could have striker Gabriel Agbonlahor back from a hamstring injury.
Isco admitted he is unhappy with life at the Bernabeu. the spaniard fell straight back out of the team when James Rodriguez returned. 'i am more than hurt, so I'm not very happy,' he said.
ally McCoist has not been spotted at his old stomping ground since last month. the 53-year-old was axed as manager amid speculation surrounding the club's future. former defender says he will be welcomed back to the club 'with open arms'.
Bacary Sagna left arsenal to join manchester city last summer. the 32-year-old insists he has no regrets about leaving the club. city are fourth in the premier league, with arsenal second.
arsene wenger has drawn five and lost seven of his 12 clashes with Jose Mourinho. the arsenal boss insists his woeful record against the portuguese will have no bearing on his side's 4pm kick-off. wenger and the portuguese have had a frosty relationship in the dugout.
Floyd Mayweather is using a cryotherapy bath after training. the bath is cooled to -175F (-115C) using liquid nitrogen. the boxer spends up to three minutes in the chamber.
Mauricio pochettino has blamed Tottenham's lunchtime lethargy on the Europa League. the argentine has dismissed the prospect of goalkeeper Hugo Lloris seeking a move if the club fail to qualify for the champions league. pochettino's side play his former club Southampton at 12.45 on sunday.
pep guardiola's contract expires at the end of the 2016-17 season. but former Bayern boss Ottmar Hitzfeld believes he should be replaced by Borussia monchengladbach boss Lucien Favre. 'he is a candidate for Bayern when Guardiola eventually quits,' he said.
pep guardiola will see out his three-year contract with the german champions. the former barcelona boss has been a top target for several european clubs. he has been linked with a move to last season's premier league champions city.
real madrid face barcelona in the champions league on june 6. the spanish giants have only met twice this season, both times in la Liga. a deciding third bout would draw global crowds not witnessed before.
two years after stepping down as chairman of Rangers, the crackle of gunfire still reverberates in his ears. chairman-elect Dave King has yet to obtain the SFA clearance he needs for a seat in the boardroom. the championship promotion play-offs threaten more landmines than the Somme.
'boxing is the best sport because it teaches you about life,' he says. 'it taught me you will receive if you give back,' he says. 'when this fight is finished, i would like us to sit down quietly to talk,' he says.
Floyd Mayweather is down to within three-and-a-half pounds of the welterweight limit. the boxers are required to weigh no more than 10 per cent in excess of the 147 lb welterweight limit. both men will weigh-in again seven days before the mega-fight.
personalised speed ball with Floyd mayweather's face painted on it. personalised gift from celebrity lawyer Robert Leslie Shapiro. the 72-year-old is most famous for representing OJ Simpson in 1995. he is a civil litigator working out of los angeles-based firm.
boxing legend Floyd Mayweather is two weeks away from the richest-ever fight between the two best boxers on the planet. he broke away from promoter Bob Arum, who is the promoter of the other combatant in the richest-ever fight of all time. but he takes special pride in being his own boss as they break the boxing bank.
boxer completed a few laps of the swimming pool before doing some underwater resistance training. the video posted to his Instagram shows the boxer testing his muscles against the resistance of the water. it is less than a month until both boxers meet in Las Vegas for what is being dubbed as the richest fight in boxing history.
boxing fans will have to pay up to $100 (£67.48) if they want to watch the fight. the fight will set viewers back $89.95 (£60.70) but any HD surcharge up to $10 could be added on by tv providers.
Floyd Mayweather and Manny Pacquiao will meet in a £160million mega-fight in Las Vegas on may 2. the pair have been training at a gruelling level ahead of their hugely anticipated bout. the fight will be a first ever defeat for mayweather. click here for all the latest boxing news.
arsenal forward Danny Welbeck will face a fitness test on the knee injury picked up while on international duty with England. club captain Mikel Arteta, full-back Mathieu Debuchy, midfielders Abou Diaby and Jack Wilshere all stepped up their rehabilitation in a friendly on Tuesday. arsenal striker Daniel Sturridge is expected to have recovered from a hip injury to face the gunners.
holders sevilla will take on fiorentina for a place in this season's final. holders fiorentina will win the competition for a record fourth time. the other tie sees Napoli take on Dnipro Dnipropetrovsk of Ukraine.
stepehn Ward should be back for burnley after recovering from ankle injury. defender Matt Taylor is also nearing a return after recovering from achilles surgery. hugo Lloris will miss the match with a knee injury.
city have already met Jurgen Klopp to assess him for the manager's job. but it was back in 2013 when they were seeking a replacement for Roberto Mancini. city opted for manuel Pellegrini after holding talks with both the Chilean and Klopp two years ago.
if Rafael Benitez wants to return to english football after leaving Napoli maybe he can be persuaded to take over a project that includes a move to the iconic Olympic Stadium in a year's time. west Ham need a coach of high ambition to underline the size of the venture. allardyce had his chance and did not take it.
'when I watch my dad train, it's inspiring to me,' she said. 'i think my dad fighting Pacquiao... it's just another fight in my opinion,' she said.
Floyd Mayweather posted a picture inside his private jet on his Shots account. the welterweight world champion is putting his two belts on the line when he takes on Philippine star Manny Pacquiao on may 2. the unification bout at the MGM grand in Las Vegas is expected to total $300million.
arsenal legend Nigel Winterburn says the gunners should keep faith with arsene wenger. the frenchman announced he will leave borussia dortmund at the end of the season. the 47-year-old has long been linked with taking over from wenger.
jurgen Klopp announced on Wednesday he was leaving the club at the end of the season after seven years. the borussia dortmund boss said he was seeking a new challenge. the 41-year-old will replace Klopp at the start of July on a three-year deal.
usain bolt visited a gym at the base of Rio de Janeiro's Mangueira favela. the six-time gold-medal sprinter converted all three shots on the court. 'this will be my last Olympics, but i am definitely looking forward to it,' he said.
athletics federation has suspended agents of marathon world record holder Dennis Kimetto and other top stars. AK did not make accusations against the companies, but said they would be suspended from working in Kenya for six months.
six-time Olympic gold medallist is currently in Rio de Janeiro. he will compete in the 'Mano a Mano' 100-metre event on Sunday. the Jamaican ran the 200 metres in 19.19 sec at the 2009 world championships.
red is the overwhelming colour across the football league in terms of the party that governs clubs' constituencies. the conservatives trail some way behind, while the liberal democrats have only seven clubs in constituencies where they hold power. at the top table, 18 of the 20 Premier league grounds are in constituencies held by labour.
kit Symons' side were out-played for large parts against Rotherham. 'the sooner we get the points needed the sooner i'll start sleeping in an evening,' he said. 'the players did show good character to come from behind,' he said.
four-time Masters champion drilled his club into a tree root on the ninth hole. the 39-year-old dropped his club and gave out a painful yell. but he managed to shake off the injury to finish at 5-under-par.
Rotherham were sanctioned for fielding an ineligible player last week. the football league said a disciplinary panel would hear the case at 'the earliest opportunity' the three-man panel is finally set to meet on Thursday, with Evans expecting news of his side's fate in the next 24 hours.
defender Raphael Varane filmed the team's entrance to the Santiago Bernabeu. fans greeted the team coach and banged on the windows in support. 'live from the bus before the match! a huge thank you for your support,' wrote Varane.
psg were thrashed 5-1 on aggregate by barcelona at the nou camp. the defeat was the club's third successive quarter-final exit in the tournament. manager Laurent Blanc says they need more time to reach the top.
organisers have asked fans to stand in the 34th minute of the game. the supporters' group say they will support anyone who wishes to boycott. but manager garry monk insists players will not be affected by protests.
wasps lock Joe Launchbury is hopeful of making his comeback against Leicester. the 24-year-old has been out since October with a nerve problem caused by a bulging disc in his neck. launchbury's absence has spanned nine missed Tests for England.
Rafael Benitez has won 12 trophies with Valencia, Liverpool, Inter Milan, Chelsea and Napoli. the 55-year-old is out of contract this summer and it makes him a man in demand. his ideal is to return to England and his comfortable Wirral home.
manuel pellegrini must persuade toure to stay at the etihad stadium. the 31-year-old's agent says he wants to talk to city about his future. toure earns more than £1m a month at city.
the 23-year-old was on the bench against Reading at wembley on saturday. parlour believes that the midfielder's fitness record is holding him back from reaching his undoubted potential. 'i think he's the future of the club,' said the club legend.
arsenal came out on top globally with 5.68million followers. but one country was missing: china – where the government outlaws twitter as they seek to keep control of information and the media. of the 10 premier league clubs active on weibo, six – united, city, arsenal, Chelsea, Liverpool and Tottenham, feature in the top 20 most followed clubs in the world.
arsenal forward has scored 22 goals in all competitions this season. he has been nominated for the PFA player of the year award. the gunners are currently second in the premier league table.
patrice evra says 'we never really doubted ourselves' after 0-0 draw with Monaco. the former manchester united defender has urged his compatriot not to be tempted. he says 'you have to respect the opponent but be more aggressive on the pitch'
bafetimbi gomis will miss three to four weeks with a hamstring injury. the striker came off in the early stages of last weekend's 1-1 draw with everton. gomis will miss league trips to Leicester and Newcastle and the home game with Stoke.
the champions league semi-final line-up has been confirmed. real madrid, Juventus and barcelona are all in the last four. chelsea and manchester city are also in the last four.
John Peacock has named his squad for next month's UEFA European Under-17 Championship in Bulgaria. the defending champions have been placed in Group D alongside Holland, Italy and the Republic of Ireland this time around. the squad contains talented young players from a host of premier league clubs including Jay Dasilva and Ike Ugbo.
images of football fans seen tending to wounded released today. they may be able to answer questions of victims' families. 96 people died at the disaster which claimed the lives of 96 fans.
the record-equalling champion was still proudly sporting his green jacket. it was the disappointment of last year that ultimately carried him to victory. he was runner-up in the Texas Open and lost in a playoff at the Houston Open before arriving at augusta.
the 24-year-old vice captain put pen to paper on a £100,000-a-week deal. the deal will keep him at anfield until the summer of 2020. Henderson's current terms had 12 months to run but leaving was never an option.
manager Jose Mourinho watched the 22-year-old play in a 1-1 draw against Rotherham. the goalkeeper has one more year left on his contract at the club. he is an england under-21 international and could provide back-up for Thibaut Courtois.
Bayern Munich host porto in the champions league on tuesday. pep guardiola has revealed that 'only the treble is enough' for his side. the germans have a 3-1 deficit and are in the german cup semi-final.
gareth bale has not started eight of real madrid's 50 matches this season. the £86million man has scored 25 goals and conceded just one goal. he has missed matches against levante, Granada, Granada and liverpool.
Thiago Alcantara scored in Bayern's 6-1 win over porto on tuesday night. the midfielder has struggled to find his feet in the premier league. but he has been a key player for united since joining from barcelona.
Southampton are the club punching heaviest above their weight in the premier league. they are only ranked 16th in the top flight in terms of their wage bill. yet they are currently seventh in the premier league table.
keeper has impressed for louis van gaal's side this season. the spaniard has been heavily linked with a move to real madrid. but Phil Neville believes the club must concentrate on keeping him at the club.
manchester united have put forward a £21.5million bid for mats Hummels. the germany international has struggled for form for the red devils. united want to bring in real madrid's Sami Khedira as their new captain.
chief executive held talks with Monaco on sunday over the striker's future. united would have to pay £43.5m for the striker under the terms of the loan deal. but Monaco are willing to negotiate after a disappointing season.
the Brazilian right-back is surplus to requirements and will be sold in the summer. the 24-year-old was hurt by a stray knee from Leicester's Anthony Knockaert. united have handed trials to MK dons teenagers Luke Tingey and Kyran Wiltshire.
Adam Federici let a tame strike slip through his grasp in the sixth minute of extra-time. the 30-year-old could only watch on as it trickled over the line. the australian has received unwavering support from his manager and team-mates.
pep guardiola hit his critics for six as bayern munich beat porto 6-1 in the champions league quarter-final second leg. the six goals smashed past the hapless Portuguese pretenders now takes Bayern's goals total for the season to a spectacular and barely believable 115. the german juggernaut still have five Bundesliga matches to play as they march towards a third consecutive title.
top-seeded teams in eight groups will be the defending champions. top-seeded teams will be the eight highest-ranked teams in a five-year results cycle in UEFA competitions. arsenal, atletico madrid and porto will drop in status in the group stages.
Manchester united have begun the search for a long-term replacement. manager louis van gaal has been impressed with carrick's contribution. he has identified borussia dortmund's Ilkay Gundogan as a long-term replacement.
barcelona beat paris saint-germain 2-0 in the champions league quarter-finals. neymar is a blend of Cristiano Ronaldo and Lionel Messi in his skillset. barca have a strong chance of matching pep guardiola's treble winning debut season.
defender David Luiz was at fault for both goals as psg crashed out of the champions league. the £50million former chelsea man was at fault for both goals. 'he doesn't smell danger and the stuff there is literally schoolboy stuff,' says ITV pundit.
former footballer is selling a multi-million pound property for the second time this year. speculation he wants to dodge labour's mansion tax if the party wins the election. he has even threatened to leave the country if the tax on properties over £2million comes into force.
the premier league club are set to move into the Olympic Stadium for the start of 2016-17 season. fresh questions were raised about the award of the 99-year lease to westham on Tuesday. it was suggested the deal may contravene European state aid law.
bayern munich defeated porto 6-1 in the first leg of the champions league. pep guardiola was left purring at the first-half performance. the former barcelona boss believes his side can still play better.
arsenal defeated reading 2-1 at wembley in the premier league on saturday. the gunners will face chelsea in the 2015 final at the emirates stadium. a mistake by reading keeper Adam Federici led to the extra-time winner. 'we are happy for him. he is a key player for us, in a good moment,' said manager santi cazorla.
the australian goalkeeper let a tame Alexis Sanchez shot slip through his grasp in the sixth minute of extra-time. it was a cruel blow for Federici, who had kept the gunners at bay with a string of fine saves. but reading boss Steve Clarke has backed the 30-year-old to bounce back against Birmingham in the championship.
Bayern Munich beat porto 7-4 on aggregate to reach the champions league last four. pep guardiola said winning is a matter of life and death at the german club. the former barcelona boss said he was aware of what he needed to deliver.
andres iniesta scored his first goal of the season in 2-0 win over psg. the spaniard failed to register a single assist or goal this season. but iniesta capped the night with a mesmeric run and pass for Neymar.
graeme dott and john higgins both win at the betfred world championships. the pair are four-time winners of the tournament. graeme dott is unseeded this year but a proven class act.
the 2013 finalist looked set to ease through to the last 16 after resuming on Monday with a 7-2 overnight lead. but Matthew Selt responded by reeling off five frames in a row before a cool clearance from Hawkins saw him into the second round. the 35-year-old will play either mark Allen or Ryan Day in the second round.
deShane Beckford has impressed on trial with westham. the 17-year-old has also been linked with a host of european clubs. west ham have revealed season tickets at the Olympic Stadium will cost as little as £289.
Kenny Bayless is widely considered the leading referee in the world. he will be the third man in the ring with Floyd Mayweather and Manny Pacquiao. bayless will celebrate his 65th birthday two days after supervising the fight.
Ian Poulter shot a second straight 67 for a share of sixth at the augusta national. phil mickelson opted for an all-black outfit on day four in an unusual bid to improve his performance. rory mcilroy and phil mickelson were paired together for the final round.
Kenny Bayless will referee the match between Floyd Mayweather and Manny Pacquiao on may 2. the 64-year-old has overseen five of Mayweather's previous fights. he oversaw the former's pro debut against Roberto Apodaca in 1996.
the tennis star tied the knot with his wife Kim on Saturday afternoon. the ceremony took place at around 4.00pm in the 12th century cathedral. the tennis star announced his engagement in November last year.
Glenn Roeder is part of a new management team at Sheffield Wednesday. the former chairman is joining head coach Stuart Gray in a three-man task force. the team has been put in place by the Thai tycoon who recently bought the club from Milan Mandaric.
Xabi Alonso could become only second player to win european football's top trophy with three different clubs. the spaniard won the champions league in his first season at liverpool in 2005. he scored the equaliser in last season's final win over atletico madrid.
there are 23 current and former premier league players still involved. seven have Manchester united connections. Xabi Alonso is on loan at real madrid.
aston villa have won just ten games under new manager tim sherwood. the belgian has scored nine goals in his last seven games for the club. villa have already surpassed the total goals managed under steven gerrard.
westham lost 2-0 to manchester city at the etihad on sunday. manager Sam Allardyce screamed at fourth official Robert Madley. the 60-year-old was angry that a foul by Eliaquim Mangala was missed.
westham lost 2-0 at home to city at the etihad stadium on sunday. manager manuel pellegrini's side have won just one of their last 11 games. defender Carl Jenkinson insists they are not resting on their laurels.
city lost 3-1 at porto in the champions league last week. manager manuel pellegrini has come under fire this term. pep guardiola has been linked with a move to the etihad stadium.
15-time grand slam champion defeated 6-4, 6-0 by world no 9 Agnieszka Radwanska. it was her first return to singles since 2007 due to injuries in the team. the former world no 1 has to play in the competition to qualify for next year's olympics.
the 21-year-old has played a starring role in PSV's Eredivisie title success. he is the subject of offers from liverpool and paris saint-germain. de Boer believes the presence of louis van gaal as manager could give united an advantage.
the relationship between the FA and premier league has deteriorated. both organisations blame each other for their respective rights holders. the cup game attracted a peak audience of 6.9 million, over treble the 2m rating for the PL game on sky.
Liverpool have been given permission to install a privacy screen at their base. the club had grown concerned about confidential team details being leaked prior to matches. residents wanted a designated area for fans to be able to watch training.
Steven Gerrard hoped his 25-year association with the club would end at Wembley. but now the curtain will fall in the premier league at the end of the season. the captain's final game at anfield will come against crystal palace on may 16.
louis van gaal's side lost 1-0 at home to manchester united on saturday. the defeat leaves the champions-elect with 11 disappointed faces looking up at him in the dressing room. there are signs that the battle lines have been drawn ahead of a proper title race next season.
Eden Hazard scored the winner against manchester united on saturday. the Belgian has been in superb form for the blues this season. he is widely expected to be named PFA player of the year on sunday.
captain Steven Gerrard has already agreed to join MLS side LA Galaxy. defender Glen Johnson is out of contract and set to go on a free transfer. Kolo Toure is also out of contract and considering a new deal.
Belfast boxer was on the verge of pulling out of his must-win bout in the world series of boxing before opting to fight. paddy Barnes extended his undefeated WSB record this season to 7-0 with a split-decision points win over native light-flyweight Yoel Finol. the 23-year-old leapt to No 2 in the WSB bantamweight rankings, claiming the second 56kg Olympic spot on offer.
amir Khan has been so close to fighting Floyd Mayweather that he could smell the resin and hear the roar of the crowd. but each time he reaches out, the tantalising illusion fades and slips away like so many fantasies along the Vegas strip. the handsome young prince of British boxing will pay a flying visit to Vegas on may 2 to watch the PacMan and the Money Man dispute the richest fight of all time.
Serie a champions are monitoring liverpool wideman Raheem sterling. the italian champions want at least £55m for midfielder Paul Pogba. axel witsel and axel witsel have also been linked with a move.
aston villa beat liverpool 2-1 in the FA cup semi-final at wembley on sunday. Christian Benteke and Fabian Delph scored for the home side. villa will face arsenal in the final on may 30 at the emirates stadium.
manuel pellegrini should have given Frank Lampard more game time. defender is five games away from going a complete season without getting a single booking on club duty. marc albrighton is emerging as a key weapon for aston villa.
David Moyes gave a 16-year-old striker his professional debut at everton. he succeeded sir alex ferguson as united manager in the summer of 2013. the pair had a well-publicised falling out following Rooney's departure. but moyes fought hard to retain the striker's services at old trafford.
boxer will wear the world's most expensive shorts when he takes the ring against Floyd Mayweather on may 2. his shorts will carry sponsorship logos worth a total of £1.5m. the fight is said to be worth $300m and then some to those involved.
the burning ambition at Anfield is for them to be Champions League regulars with the potential to win the barclays premier league. but, after a wretched day against Aston villa, they are clearly some way from realising that dream. a huge summer beckons and there is no margin for error.
united lost 1-0 to rivals Chelsea at the etihad stadium on saturday. but ace Wayne Rooney was happy with his side's performance. van gaal was forced into deploying Rooney in midfield due to injuries.
marouane Fellaini has been in brilliant form for manchester united in recent weeks. goalkeeper Thibaut Courtois believes his side will be able to combat the midfielder's style of play. courtois has played alongside the 27-year-old for Belgium.
Eden Hazard has scored 17 goals for the premier league this season. he has been the best player in the premier league all season. he is now the player you look to in a crisis. he is the danger man, he draws people to him and creates space.
Eden Hazard scored his 13th premier league goal of the season to open the scoring at the etihad stadium. the striker's low shot squirms past de Gea as defenders Chris Smalling and paddy McNair watch on helplessly.
chelsea beat manchester united 1-0 at stamford bridge on saturday. ander Herrera went over under challenge of Gary Cahill. referee Mike Dean adjudged the spaniard to have dived.
chelsea beat manchester united 1-0 at stamford bridge on saturday. manager jose mourinho has warned his players they still have work to do. 'when mathematically it's done, we celebrate,' he said.
jose mourinho's side moved 10 points clear at the top of the premier league. they need two wins from their last six matches to claim the title. but captain John Terry insists there is still work to be done.
Bournemouth drew 2-2 with Sheffield Wednesday at Dean Court on saturday. the Owls are unbeaten in 10 premier league games this season. a man was sent off in the first half for a foul on callum wilson. wilson was sent off for a foul on wilson in the first half.
a draw means automatic promotion will become only an outside possibility. a win at home to Ossett Town on Saturday and they are up. a late goal from gareth seddon set the wheels in motion for a fantastic run.
Radamel falcao has scored just four goals for manchester united this season. the striker has also failed to score or have a shot on target in the premier league. the £280,000-a-week wages are a massive burden for the red devils.
andres Iniesta made his barca debut during the 2002-03 season. the spaniard has praised manager louis van gaal for helping him. iniesta also admitted he took great joy in defeating Chelsea and Manchester united during barca's run to champions league success in 2009.
arsenal beat reading 1-0 at wembley in the premier league on saturday. goals from garath McCleary and mesut ozil gave the gunners the lead. ozil equalised for the gunners with a deflected volley from garath McCleary.
all premier league clubs have agreed to pay living wage from 2016-17. but manchester united have decided to implement the salary a year early. a group of united and city supporters had planned to demonstrate about the issue at the derby on sunday.
Wayne Rooney wants to put a smile back on the faces of united fans. the 29-year-old has enjoyed a good record against city since joining in 2004. he is the leading united scorer in derby history with 11 goals. united have lost their last four meetings against their biggest rivals.
everton defeated burnley 1-0 in their premier league clash at goodison park. burnley forward Ashley Barnes was sent off on the stroke of half time. everton midfielder Ross Barkley missed a chance to give his side the lead.
Rotor Volgograd were competing in the second division in the southern zone. the club famously beat manchester united in the UEFA cup 20 years ago. the Volga region of Russia are one of the 11 host cities for the 2018 world cup.
everton forward Steven Naismith has won the barclays spirit of the game award. the 28-year-old has worked with the likes of Job Centre Plus, Dyslexia Scotland and the Whitechapel Centre in Liverpool. he teamed up with Job Centre Plus to offer unemployed fans the opportunity to watch the club at Goodison park.
relegation-threatened burnley face everton at goodison park on saturday. the clarets have been scrapping to get out of the bottom three all season. the spaniard says his old Wigan side remind him of them.
t-shirts commemorating his fight with Floyd mayweather are on sale. fans can buy a shirt commemorating the fight in black or white. the cheapest shirt has an 'M' for Mayweather over a 'P' for Pacquiao. the fight is reportedly set to generate a mouth-watering $300million.
everton beat burnley 1-0 at goodison park in the premier league on saturday. the untried Ross Barkley missed from the spot in the 10th minute. he took the kick for a foul by David Jones on Aaron Lennon. leighton Baines has scored 15 penalties from 16 attempts in the premier league.
tickets for the fight between Floyd Mayweather and Manny Pacquiao have yet to go on public sale. the two camps and the MGM are locked in a stand-off over allotments. when they are finally put on sale, only a few will be sold at the listed price.
Christian Benteke has two years left on his contract at Aston villa. the 24-year-old has ambitions to play in Europe, says manager Tim Sherwood. villa are believed to value the striker at upwards of £25million.
the 21-year-old has not played since the 2014 Australian open. the former no 1 has been training in Tampa in a bid to build up her fitness. she will take part in next month's french open at Roland garros.
sky sports pundits Jamie Redknapp and Thierry Henry face off in the studio ahead of Floyd mayweather vs Manny Pacquiao fight. the pair collapse into giggles as they struggle to maintain the mock tension between them. the fight is set to gross more than $300million.
Steven Gerrard is aiming to end his career at anfield with a win over arsenal. the 34-year-old is set to feature in the semi-final against aston villa. he will sign off his career in the final on his birthday of may 30.
Brendan rodgers wants to turn wembley back into 'Anfield South'. the 42-year-old believes cup glory would help his players develop a stronger winning mentality. rodgers replaced Kenny Dalglish as manager in 2012.
Stoke are 17th in the premier league fair play table. mark Hughes believes his side are being harshly marked down because of the 1960s hit. 'if someone sings Delilah, you get four points,' he said.
barcelona beat paris saint-germain 3-1 in the champions league on tuesday. a win over fourth-placed Valencia will move them five points clear at the top. real madrid host malaga at the nou camp on saturday evening.
Luis Suarez scored twice as barca beat psg 3-1 in the champions league. the double took his tally to 17 goals this season and 11 in his last 11 games. suarez says he nutmegged defender David Luiz twice because it was his quickest way to goal.
Zlatan Ibrahimovic will miss three games and Dimitri Payet just one. both clubs succeeded with appeals to the french Olympic Committee (CNOSF) Ibrahimovic was banned for four games after launching into a tirade against official Lionel Jaffredo after losing 3-2 to Bordeaux.
UEFA's general secretary warns there will be no other choice than to suspend the country's football if new laws are rescinded. the bill could see sporting events cancelled due to incidents of crowd violence and teams prohibited from playing in european competition. UEFA and FIFA say that is direct government interference in football and have threatened to suspend Greece.
Stephan Lichtsteiner played alongside Eden Hazard at Lille before leaving for Chelsea in 2012. the defender feels he is watching 18-year-old Kingsley coman being sculpted into a special player. Lichtsteiner was part of the team that won 1-0 in Turin last week.
gareth bale is out of real's champions league quarter-final second leg. the 25-year-old suffered a calf injury against malaga on saturday. bale took to facebook to wish his team good luck against atletico.
manchester united drew 1-1 with Leicester in the premier league on saturday. defenders Jonny Evans and Robin van Persie both limped off in the second half. Harry Panayiotou put his side ahead after 18 minutes after a cross by Anthony Knockaert.
Leonardo Jardim says Monaco's progress in the champions league shows you don't need to buy big to reach the semi-finals. the former chelsea boss has been forced to nurture young talent after finding his options in the transfer market somewhat restricted. les rouges et blancs are third in Ligue 1 and still in with a chance of qualifying for the semi-finals for the first time in 11 years.
atletico madrid host real madrid in the champions league on tuesday. the spanish giants are currently bottom of la liga. jose mourinho's side were knocked out of the champions league last year.
Nathaniel Clyne is stalling on a new contract at the club. the right-back is yet to agree fresh terms at the end of the season. the 24-year-old has attracted interest from several top clubs.
everton have expressed an interest in QPR striker Charlie Austin. the toffees have made a new striker their priority for the summer. the toffees watched club brugge forward Obbi Oulare on sunday.
Gianfranco Zola is one of a number of candidates to replace Mark Warburton. the italian was sacked by relegation-threatened cagliari last month. the club are primed to drop out of Serie a alongside Parma.
keeper made a calamitous error against USA at the 2010 world cup. he has won 12 caps for the england national team. but allardyce believes he can challenge for the no 1 spot.
Memphis Depay has held talks with Paris St Germain with permission of his club. the talks represent a threat to the premier league clubs. united have yet to hold detailed talks with the winger. depay is intrigued by the prospect of playing with Zlatan Ibrahimovic.
Thierry Henry hits out at javier Hernandez for celebrating his late winner. the on-loan striker celebrated 'like he had just won the world cup'. the real madrid striker swept in a pass from Cristiano Ronaldo.
Luis Suarez admits he was nervous at the prospect of playing alongside Lionel Messi and Neymar at barcelona. the striker has scored 19 goals in all competitions for the catalan giants. barca face a 3-1 lead at the nou camp in the second leg on tuesday night.
Thierry Henry responded to critics who disagreed with his views on javier Hernandez's celebration. the former arsenal striker posted an 84-minute compilation video of former Barcelona midfielder Michael Laudrup's passing. he said he owed everything to his team-mate Cristiano Ronaldo.
the bolton-born fighter takes on algieri at the barclays center in new york on friday, may 29. he has slammed his British rival Kell Brook for his recent comments. Brook defends his world welterweight title against Frankie Gavin at London’s 02 Arena on Saturday, may 30.
Ricky Hatton believes that Manny Pacquiao has the style to beat Floyd. the hitman also believes that having Freddie Roach in his corner gives the PacMan a massive advantage over the Money Man. but he warns that if he does beat Pacquiao and wants to go on to eclipse Rocky Marciano's historic record of retiring as undefeated world champion.
Kell Brook will return to action on a packed pay-per-view show in London. the welterweight will fight fellow american Frankie gavin on may 30. the 29-year-old beat Jo Jo Dan for the IBF world title in Sheffield last month.
Floyd Mayweather takes on Manny Pacquiao in their $300 million mega-fight on may 2. he believes there has never been a better boxer in the history of the sport. Mayweather also criticised the 'rope-a-dope' tactics adopted by Muhammad Ali.
the official advert for Floyd Mayweather vs Manny Pacquiao has been released with less than a month until the two meet in Las Vegas. the 30-second clip was filmed in a los angeles studio on march 11 to advertise the pay-per-view event. it shows both fighters walking towards each other and squaring up in the middle of a desert road. the fight is expected to break the pay-per-view record of £102m set by mayweather's fight with
the pair came close to agreeing a big-money bout five years ago. but it fell through, leaving the boxing world wondering whether they would ever meet. Freddie Roach believes his man will have the advantage at the MGM grand.
the plug was pulled on Manny Pacquiao's last conference call. the fight of the century continued its bitter way towards a half-billion dollar fortune. 'they’re a waste of time,’ says promoter Bob Arum.
blackpool chairman has decided to contest five charges for text messages. he labelled a supporter a'retard' and had until march 30 to reply. the unpopular chairman still faces a ban from football activities.
the 28-year-old is currently training for his upcoming fight against Chris Algieri in new york on may 29. he has set his sights on a fight with Pacquiao later this year after stepping into the ring with Floyd mayweather in the long-awaited fight on may 2.
maciej Rybus is being followed by Hull, Leicester and Swansea. the 25-year-old has a get-out clause for £3.2million. Rybus impressed during Poland's 1-1 draw with Republic of Ireland last month.
inverness defender Josh Meekings blocked a goal-bound effort from Leigh Griffiths with his hand on sunday. he has been retrospectively suspended for one match, the punishment he would have received if sent off. caley thistle boss Ronny deila has called for the defender to be spared a ban.
city need eight homegrown players for their first-team squad next season. they are in danger of losing at least four to meet premier league guidelines. manuel pellegrini watched city's academy in their FA Youth Cup final. the champions are also interested in signing Danny Ings and Jay Rodriguez.
Gary Johnson took over as manager of the league two club on march 30. he wrote 'i promise to do all i can to keep Cheltenham Town in the league' on an A3 sheet of paper.'some signed it and meant it, and some signed it and didn't mean it,' he said. the final two games are against second placed Shrewsbury and 13th placed Wimbledon.
Mauricio pochettino insists he will not flood first team squad with academy players. 'we need to be careful with that. because Kane, Nabil Bentaleb and Ryan Mason are good this season, now we need to put all academy players in the team?'. pochettino insists it is Hugo Lloris' ambition to play in the champions league.
a professional Oxford side eased past Tranmere 3-0 on saturday. the defeat was enough to spark an outbreak of fear and loathing. the fear involves dropping out of the football league a week on Saturday. the Wirral's only professional sports outfit are one point behind Cheltenham.
manager Micky Adams has left his role at Tranmere by mutual consent. supporters called for the manager to leave after the 3-0 defeat by Oxford. the club confirmed the news on their official website on sunday.
Burton Albion beat morecambe 2-1 to confirm promotion to league one. the win moves them within two points of third-placed Wycombe. defender mark Ellis scored to ensure shrewsbury return to league one.
the footballers' union will pay tribute to the duo's outstanding contribution. the pair will leave the premier league at the end of the season. the pair have won 19 major trophies between them, including two champions league and two UEFA Cup/Europa League victories.
Elliot Kear has spent most of the year playing rugby union for London Welsh. the 26-year-old moved to premiership rugby from Bradford at the end of last season.
Aaron Cresswell has been a consistent performer for the Hammers this season. the 25-year-old has scored twice in his debut premier league season. but allardyce claims no club has made an offer for the defender.
javier Hernandez scored in the 88th minute to send real madrid through. the striker has scored three goals in just seven games this season. he scored the winner in the champions league semi-final against atletico.
a sample taken in an out-of-competition test last November returned a positive test for growth hormone releasing factors. the 29-year-old prop has been banned from all competition for two years.
Rafael Benitez has been linked with a managerial job at Serie A side Sampdoria. it emerged that Sinisa Mihajlovic is being lined up to replace Benitez. but Sampdoria president Massimo Ferrero has taken inspiration from a favourite chant of the goodison park and old Trafford terraces.
Rafa Benitez is out of contract at the end of the season. he has yet to agree a contract extension with the serie a side. it has been rumoured he could replace manuel Pellegrini at the helm.
assistant coach Ian Watson is poised to come out of retirement at the age of 38. the 38-year-old has stepped up his training ahead of the game against Castleford. he would become the oldest player currently in the super league.
three cars were broken into and damaged during match against Hull KR. the championship club are appealing for witnesses.
the tragic fire at Bradford City's Valley Parade stadium claimed 56 victims and injured 265 on may 11, 1985. the tragic fire at the stadium claimed 56 victims and injured 265. the coroner said it was obvious how the fire had started. there isn't a jot of evidence to suggest the blaze was caused deliberately.
toulon defeated leinster 3-0 in extra-time at the stade Velodrome. winger Bryan Habana scored a decisive try for the hosts. toulon will face a stiff competition from the holders of the last heineken cup.
a new book claims the fire at Bradford's Valley Parade stadium was one of at least nine blazes at businesses owned by or associated with the club's then chairman. popplewell's inquiry concluded that the cause was an accident probably started by a spectator dropping a cigarette into rubbish. he stands by the original ruling saying there was no evidence of arson.
the fire at Valley Parade claimed 56 lives and injured 265 on may 11, 1985. it was one of at least nine fires at businesses owned by or associated with the club's then chairman Stafford Heginbotham, who died in 1995. former sports minister Gerry Sutcliffe says new allegations do not justify a new inquiry into the disaster.
the fire at Bradford City's Valley Parade in 1985 claimed 56 lives and injured 265. a book written by a fan who lost three generations of his family in the blaze says the incident was just one of at least nine fires at businesses owned or associated with the club’s then chairman. a book written by Martin Fletcher, a Bradford fan who lost three generations of his family in the blaze, says the incident was not an accident. he says he and his family are no longer willing to
a rematch between Paul Smith and andre Ward is set to take place on june 20. the fight will be staged in Oakland, california, and will run over the 12-round distance. Smith has lost back-to-back world title challenges to Arthur Abraham.
former middleweight world champion was stopped in nine rounds by andrzej fonfara. the 37-year-old has expressed a desire to finish a glittering career with a lucrative bout in the fight capital of the world. he has not fought since knocking out George Groves in a re-match at wembley last may.
manuel Pellegrini's future at the Etihad stadium is under scrutiny. the former arsenal midfielder is highly-respected amongst city players. city's first-choice managerial option remains current boss pep guardiola.
an Icelandic duo has created a snack that is made using cricket flour. called the Jungle Bar it also contains dates, sesame seeds and chocolate. cricket flour is said to be a good source of protein and other nutrients. the duo hopes it will encourage people in the west to eat more insects.
the eerie phenomenon is called an 'earthflow' and is a rare type of landslide. it is thought to have happened at around 1pm on April 1 in the Kemerovo Region of Russia. in the video, snow-covered soil can be seen sliding down the bank at the side of a road. it also blocked nearby railroad tracks and caused power outages.
Nicholas Tooth, 25, was playing for the Quirindi Lions against the Narrabri Blue Boars in mid-north NSW on Saturday. he collapsed after hitting his head on an opponent's shoulder during a tackle. he was airlifted to hospital in a critical condition but died late on Sunday. tributes have poured in for the young man, who had been living in Sydney while studying at the university.
study of 150 college students and staff aged 17 to 25 found they read magazines 'infrequently' but checked Facebook every few hours. women preferred facebook as a means of judging themselves.
a video has emerged showing Galaxy S6 Edge bending and shattering under 110lbs (50kg) of pressure. the video was released by third-party warranty firm SquareTrade. it also tested the HTC One M9 both deformed and broke at 120lbs (54kg)
a woman strong-armed a man of his flexing title at a Philadelphia Soul game on April 12. video of the unidentified woman's robust display at the Arena Football League game has over 300,000 views on YouTube.
the 40-second-clip was recorded at the Ngorongoro Conservation Area in Tanzania. the driver makes an attempt to scare the baboons away but is forced to retreat as one lunges at him. the monkey re-emerges and carries snacks in both its hands and its mouth.
dermatologist Dr Sandra Lee, from Upland, California, shares clips of her patients' extractions on her popular YouTube channel. the clips have earned her nearly 60,000 subscribers and a loyal fan base of zit squeezing enthusiasts on reddit.
bus monitor Karen Huff Klein, 71, was tormented by middle school students in 2012. she was seen wiping away her tears in a difficult-to-watch 10-minute video. now, one of the students involved has been accused of bullying a special-needs student at Greece Athena high school in upstate new york. she said: 'they didn't learn any lessons from the other ordeal. I don't think they ever will'
canine hairdressers in the Taiwanese capital Taipei are giving particularly furry customers outlandish makeovers. pictures of doe-eyed dogs with shapely new cuts have proved extremely popular online prompting more owners to seek out the custom salons.
the executions of convicted drug smugglers Andrew Chan and Myuran Sukumaran is 'only a matter of time' the pair are set to face the firing squad alongside eight other drug felons as soon as all appeals have concluded. the pair lost their most recent appeal for clemency however three of the other death row prisoners are still awaiting the results of their appeals.
victim, John Lahiff, has spoken out from his hospital bed at Cairns base hospital. he believes he accidentally stood on a sunbaking crocodile on the 11th hole at the Palmer Sea Reef golf course. 'it's partly my fault... for disturbing it while it was sunbaking,' he said. he received puncture wounds on his leg and foot, including one down to the bone.
the Tateyama Kurobe Alpine Route opened to the public on today. it allows tourists to view the snow-walled passageway along the 1000ft section. the route opened in 1971 and usually draws about a million visitors a year.
the ancient Tuscan town is shrouded in mystery with its origin and much of its history remaining unknown. residents were forced to flee their homes in the town more than 60 years ago, with seismic instability noted as a main reason for the mass abandonment. a number of historical earthquakes, including one in 1887 that measured 6.7 on the Richter scale, caused severe damage to the settlement’s infrastructure.
Manchester city have big plans to revamp the team in the summer. but what if they come fifth? for a team playing this poorly no run-in is easy. future opponents Swansea City and Southampton have little to play for.
a 328ft footbridge will open up the island from the coast of Tenby, pembrokeshire, for the first time. currently, the fort can only be reached by crossing a beach during low tide, which happens for only six hours per day. the new visitor site will provide economic benefit, and also restore the historic building to its former glory.
footage was captured in Santa Barbara, California by video maker Scott Kaiser. he filmed the back of the large pelican sitting on a post overlooking the water. bird lifts its head all the way back and opens its mouth to show off the size difference between the two parts of its beak.
Adam Prowse, 34, of Torquay, was captured on camera dancing with customer. the royal mail worker has been dubbed 'the happiest postman in the world'.
the three-and-a-half minute video was created by two lads from Cambridge. they stayed at a family-run hotel in the island of Cyprus for a friend's wedding. the hotel was filled with dirty rooms, antiquated or broken amenities and a pool no one would dare to enter.
Julie Stauch, married couple Sean Bagniewski and Vidhya Reddy all appear in the video announcing Clinton's 2016 bid. they are part of a diverse group of people chosen to show aspirational citizens as she looks to speak to wide demographic of voters. 'Everyday Americans need a champion, and I want to be that champion,' she says.
the arsenal midfielder was given the honour to interview the three-time world cup winner. he also asked questions from fans during the launch party of 10Ten Talent. both Wilshere and Pele are 10Ten Talent clients.
the museum will be dedicated exclusively to the director, who picked the catalan capital for the setting of his Oscar winning film, Vicky Cristina Barcelona. the cultural centre is hoped to be housed in former arts and crafts school, La Llotja, following an refurbishment of the now abandoned building. it is thought a competition will determine which project is set in the 17th century building.
footage was shot at domodedovo airport in Russia, and shows a man lying in the foetal position seemingly away with the fairies. while the rubber may well be more comfortable than the airport floor, the swinging motion of the conveyor make it a less-than comfortable snooze.
plane carrying ex-england captain forced to make emergency landing in the Arctic. poor visibility struck between svalbard and ice camp barneo on saturday. plane's undercarriage was damaged due to the bumpy landing. organisers say the team were rescued from the remote site by a helicopter.
dog completed press-ups with a twist at the dogaroo centre in hong kong. the dog looked up at the trainer in excitement and waits for him to say 'one'. after a count of four the dog leans out and gives him a kiss.
cracking is caused by rapid formation of a gas-filled cavity within a slippery substance called synovial fluid that lubricates the space between the finger bones. a knuckle cracks in less than 310 milliseconds and immediately before the popping sound there is a white flash, believed to be from water rushing together.
a lion gets its head stuck in a feeding barrel at a zoo in the Netherlands. visitors to the zoo can be heard laughing hysterically as the animal tries to free itself. the lion was eventually freed from the barrel and it was unharmed.
the cafe is based in Moscow and invites cat lovers to bring their pets. cats that live at the cafe were rescued from a local shelter and have each been vaccinated and chipped. customers are allowed to adopt the cats but only if they meet certain requirements after an extensive interview.
comedy sketch follows 'Jeff Randl', who travels to 'Sweden' to compete in Xtreme Verbier. scenes show him smoking marijuana on a gondola and jumping queues. some viewers said they were offended or didn't find the humour amusing.
carrick has made nine competitive starts for england. he played against Ecuador at the 2006 world cup but was dropped for the quarter-final against Portugal. he has also been impressive in midfield under louis van gaal this season.
three friends were on an aluminium rowboat when they were confronted by a pod of killer whales off the west coast of Anderson Island, Washington. the group cheer and yell in excitement as the whales appear to start moving closer to the boat.
fast bowler launched his autobiography on the eve of the west indies-england series. he accompanied Stanford when he flew by helicopter to launch his five-year deal. the deal ended with his arrest and subsequent 110-year jail sentence.
the FA announced this week that England are pulling out of the home nations international under 16 tournament. it is understood this surprise move has been prompted by Sky allegedly withdrawing their title sponsorship as well as reducing live coverage.
the premier league has turned down a bid from Guinness to replace barclays as the title sponsor. the league's mega-rich clubs want as much as £60m a year from 2016. the FA have failed to find an ‘in association’ FA Cup partner this season prepared to pay £9m a year.
the ECB are to spread the net far wider than expected in their search for the director of cricket to replace the axed Paul Downton. instead the Board are going to instigate a recruitment process involving head hunters Sport Recruitment International. the main problem is that the job description has yet to be fixed.
Turia Pitt suffered burns to 65 per cent of her body when she was caught in a bushfire. the 27-year-old said just the smell of a barbecue brought back the traumatic moment she was trapped for four hours. she also ran her first marathon since the fire and clocked a faster time than before.
Marina Granovskaia sold defender David Luiz for a remarkable £50million last summer. she allegedly told captain John Terry to ‘take it or f****** leave it’ over a contract extension that he signed. granovskaia is arguably the most powerful woman in english football as the club’s transfer and contract negotiator.
departing ECB chairman made a fool of himself at the Wisden almanack launch. he confronted guest speaker Ehsan Mani and sportsmail's Lawrence Booth. the incident happened at the Lord’s Pavilion long room dinner.
the trend at arsenal has coincided with the agency business being thrown into turmoil by FIFA passing the buck to national associations to officiate on agents from April 1. the trend has coincided with the agency business being thrown into turmoil by FIFA passing the buck to national associations to officiate on agents from April 1.
Jonathan Trott has endured a nightmare return to Test cricket. the batsman fell cheaply in both innings in the first Test in antigua. he credits the psychiatrist with helping him win his Test place back.
the ECB are not living up to their promise of fresh transparency. the confidential details were sent by email to potential candidates. the front-runners are former captains Andrew Strauss, Michael Vaughan and alec Stewart.
the former Surrey left-hander revealed he had signed a form supporting the right-wing party a year ago. he admits that his backing was gained while he was under the influence of alcohol. other big-name cricketers who have been linked with the party are sir Ian Botham and geoffrey boycott. both deny any association.
football league board member Jim Rodwell's departure from notts county to become chief executive of Scunthorpe has created the need for an election for a League One representative. there are two nominations for the vacant seat — Rodwell and former Manchester united director Maurice Watkins, now chairman of Barnsley. clubs believe that having Watkins on the football league board would be helpful for QPR and a massive conflict of interests.
Sky will pay £11millon a game to broadcast premier league football for three years starting in 2016. overlord barney francis presented his way forward - 'Fit for the Future'. the station will concentrate on live rights in every sport while reducing the support programming.
'i cannot have a squad of 10 men and 10 kids,' says chelsea boss. 'i must have a squad like we have now of 16 or 17 seniors and three or four kids,' says mourinho. 'to have them all at the same time in the first-team squad is hard,' says mourinho.
the international football board - the SFA, FA, Irish FA, Welsh FA and FIFA - gathered in Belfast supposedly to discuss the possibility of approving trials of goal-line technology. despite initially shrugging off calls for the adoption of goal-line technology to be approved, FIFA relented two years later with the system fully operational last year in Brazil. the lesson for Scottish football fans still bemused by events at Hampden Park on Sunday.
louis van gaal demands a level of 'football intelligence' from his players. van gaal praised carrick and rooney for their intelligence on the pitch. united have stumbled into the top four this season and are in good shape to make the champions league.
Emilo Izaguirre has called on his team-mates to focus on winning the league. the left back said: 'now the Treble is finished. we must try our best to win the league'. he added: 'to not have a Scottish Cup final to look forward to is so hard'
Raheem sterling's contract negotiations have dominated the headlines in the past fortnight. he is earning less than half of what Mario Balotelli is on at the club. if they think they can afford to lose suarez, gerrard and sterling in the space of 12 months they are very much mistaken.
alastair cook needs runs and wins in last two Tests to stop mood for change in english cricket claiming him as next victim. captain has been forced to defend his captain with Cook badly needing runs and wins in the last two Tests of the series.
arsene wenger's side have won 15 out of 17 games since new year's day. the gunners are 13 points behind leaders chelsea in the premier league. the gunners lost 2-0 at home to liverpool on new year's day.
Celtic were outraged by referee's failure to award a penalty or red card for a clear handball in the box by Josh Meekings to deny leigh Griffith's goal-bound shot during the first-half. caley thistle went on to win the game 3-2 after extra-time and denied Rory Delia's men the chance to secure a domestic Treble this season.
inverness defender Gary Warren will miss the final after picking up his second booking of the competition. the 30-year-old was shown a yellow card for challenge on James Forrest. he also missed last year's league cup final for the same reason.
captain alastair cook says dressing room has 'a bit of a downer on'. the tourists were chasing a first away win since beating india in 2012. but they were halted by a stubbornly unresponsive pitch at the Sir Vivian Richards Stadium. a name-making century from Jason Holder earned them a deserved draw.
carrick signed for £18million from manchester united in 2006. he has played in 377 matches for the club in his nine seasons. he has only ever played in one game at the world cup. carrick has lifted the premier league trophy on five occasions.
'the bigger the stage the better he plays, the more he relishes it,' says sherwood. the 19-year-old academy graduate won two free-kicks for his team. he wears children's shinpads and has his socks rolled down.
aston villa beat liverpool 2-1 in the premier league on saturday. villa captain Fabian Delph scored a 54th-minute equaliser for the reds. he set up Christian Benteke's equaliser in the 36th minute.
rodgers has reminded Raheem Sterling and Jordon Ibe about their professional responsibilities. sterling was exposed for inhaling legal high nitrous oxide on monday. the pair were pictured with shisha pipes 24 hours later.
Jimmy Anderson took his maiden Test century at no 8 to earn his side a deserved draw. he has now overtaken sir Ian Botham as the most prolific bowler in England's Test history. the west indies captain edged him to his great friend alastair cook at slip.
Neymar scored twice as barcelona beat psg 3-1 at the parc des princes. a second-half double from Luis Suarez sealed victory for the la liga leaders. sportsmail rates the players in the first leg of the champions league quarter-final.
aston villa beat liverpool 2-1 at wembley in the premier league on sunday. mario balotelli had the ball in the net but was unfairly flagged for offside. the striker also posted a screen-grab of the incident on his Instagram page.
english clubs haven't reached the last eight of the european competition in three years. a repeat of this season would see them overtake them in third place. a repeat of this season would see Serie a take the extra place. if english clubs fail to reverse their slump, the premier league could end next season out of the elite.
Diego Costa injured his hamstring in the win over Stoke on April 4. he was expected to be out for a month but is now recovering well. the striker could return for next weekend's premier league clash with arsenal.
Chelsea host resurgent manchester united in the premier league on saturday. louis van gaal's side have won four on the spin in which angel di Maria has not started. a win is easily the most likely outcome at the etihad stadium. sportsmail asks 10 key questions ahead of the clash.
'their squad is amazing, in numbers, players, experience, solutions,' insists manager. 'you want me to name their players? Mata, Di Maria, Januzaj, Rooney, van Persie, Carrick, Blind, Fellaini... of course they don't have. Marcos Rojo, Phil Jones, Michael Carrick and daley blind are all out.
Jurgen Klopp is to step down as Borussia Dortmund manager this summer. the 47-year-old will seek a new challenge with a move to the premier league likely. an emotional Klopp said he believed the club needed a change of manager.
the likes of James Milner are on the brink of leaving the club. the 25-year-old has impressed during his first season in the premier league. city are desperate to add to their quota of homegrown players.
defenders daley blind and daley blind ruled out of the clash with Chelsea. centre-backs Phil Jones and Marcos Rojo also ruled out of the game. 'i have to puzzle a lot for tomorrow,' says van gaal ahead of the game.
a fan accused Rosberg of 'crying' after he complained about his team-mate. the german was a few seconds behind Hamilton when he slowed down. he said he could have been caught by team-mate'selfishly' in slowing down.
manchester united beat city 4-2 at old trafford on saturday. midfielder was substituted by manager jose mourinho at the end of last season. but he is now performing at the peak of his powers in the premier league. in his last five games, he has performed better than ever before.
crystal palace right back Joel Ward has signed a new three-and-a-half year deal. the 25-year-old has been a mainstay at both left and right back this season. he has played every minute of the club's premier league campaign.
psg host barcelona in the quarter-finals of the champions league. edinson cavani has scored just once for the catalan giants. cavani has endured a goal drought for one of his talents.
Lewis Hamilton won the Chinese grand prix to extend his championship lead. but Nico Rosberg was furious with his team-mate, accusing him of compromising his strategy and leaving him under unnecessary pressure from Ferrari's Sebastian Vettel. the two drivers emerged from their final pit-stop first and second with Vettel third.
the masked raider wriggled clear of security in the 88th minute and made his way into the penalty area undetected. it was the second heist in a week, with the imposter easily identifiable when he whipped off his head gear in front of QPR's stunned supporters. this was the second London heist in a week, with the imposter easily identifiable when he whipped off his head gear.
the german is expected to turn 'nasty' at some stage after accusing him and team-mate Lewis Hamilton of being 'egocentric b*******'. the reigning champion slowed in the middle stint of the race to preserve his soft tyres. the team responded by asking Hamilton to increase his pace.
red bull's dietrich Mateschitz threatened to pull out of formula one unless the french manufacturer raised their game. red bull team principal Christian Horner has been critical of the team this season.
manuel pellegrini's side are on incentivised contracts to stay within financial fairplay requirements. players like Sergio Aguero, David Silva, Joe Hart and Yaya Toure could miss out on a big payday if they fail to reach the group stages of the competition. the top three finishers in the premier league qualify automatically for the champions league with the fourth-place team required to win a qualifying round to join them.
Cesc Fabregas scored a late winner for Chelsea against QPR on sunday. the spaniard broke his nose last week and wore a protective mask. the mask was branded with the spaniard's initial and squad number.
Vincent Kompany says his mum halted a move to manchester united when he was just 17-years-old. the belgian international broke into anderlecht's first team at a young age. but he says 'everything has played out perfectly' after he joined in 2008.
former australia captain richie Benaud died on tuesday at the age of 84. he was the first cricketer to score 2,000 runs and take 200 wickets in Tests. his family have been offered a state funeral by australian prime minister.
richie Benaud has died at the age of 84 after a battle with skin cancer. he won 63 Test caps between 1952 and 1964, collecting 248 wickets with his leg-spin (at a very good average of 27) and scoring 2,201 runs at 24.
13 out of 22 players on show at kick-off were english. of those 10 were mancunian.'mini-derby' kicked off at 3pm on saturday.
Jacques Burger received a one-week ban for striking Maxime Machenaud. the Namibia flanker will be available to face Clermont Auvergne. he will miss Saracens' Aviva Premiership appointment with rivals Leicester.
richie Benaud was the voice of cricket for generations, commentating in his native australia and for the BBC. he took 248 wickets and hit 2,201 runs, with three centuries, and reclaimed the Ashes for Australia as captain before successfully defending them twice. the great commentator had been receiving treatment for skin cancer since November.
richie Benaud has passed away at the age of 84 after battling skin cancer. sportsmail recounts 10 of his finest moments from his broadcasting career. he was on hand to talk viewers through Shane Warne's first test delivery for australia in the 1993 ashes.
Elliot Daly has been named the Aviva Premiership's player of the month. the 22-year-old scored two tries for wasps in their 2-0 win over Saracens. the centre looks set to be called into the world cup training squad.
all-rounder will join up with the red rose after his Indian Premier League commitments. he will replace compatriot Peter Siddle, who will play in the first four LV= County Championship matches before joining the australia squad.
the 2005 Ashes winning captain is the hot favourite for the new role. he spoke to new ECB chief executive for an hour on tuesday. he has worked closely with chairman-elect Colin Graves at Yorkshire.
toby alderweireld has been in superb form for the saints this season. the 26-year-old joined on loan from atletico madrid last summer. the defender has expressed a desire to stay at the club. but atletico have the option to make the deal permanent.
Owen Farrell is hoping to be fit for Saracens' european champions cup semi-final against Clermont Auvergne on April 18. the fly-half has been out since suffering a knee ligament injury against the same opponents in the champions cup in January. Farrell missed the entire RBS 6 Nations campaign with bath's George Ford filling the number 10 shirt.
the 34-year-old has not played first-class cricket since being axed by England after the humiliating ashes whitewash defeat last year. he has given up a lucrative deal with ipl side Sunrisers Hyderabad in order to come back to Surrey. he has thrown his support behind former team-mate Michael Vaughan as the right man to 'change the brand of cricket currently being played' in England.
former australia captain and broadcaster richie Benaud died aged 84. he was a trailblazing all-rounder who took 228 wickets and scored 2,201 runs in 68 Tests. one of his most famous commentaries was on the 'ball of the century' - Warne's first delivery in ashes cricket which dismissed Mike Gatting.
at just 21 years and 251 days, the Tottenham striker led out his side for the first time during their dour goalless draw against Burnley on Easter Sunday. that came after he scored within seconds of his debut against Lithuania on march 27. the 30-goal striker made a first international start in Italy on Tuesday.
the champions league and Europa league draws have dominated the headlines. in italy, the semi-final between real madrid and Juventus has been likened to a pair of films. la Gazetta dello Sport pin hopes on former manchester city striker Carlos Tevez.
a Turkish Airlines flight from Milan to Istanbul made an emergency landing at ataturk airport today. the plane's right engine caught fire after earlier aborting a first attempt. the plane circled in the sky, and flames could be seen coming from the wing. passengers were evacuated safely and no injuries were reported.
gareth Barry has advised his everton team-mate Ross Barkley against moving to manchester city at this young stage of his career. the veteran midfielder spent four seasons at the Etihad before arriving on merseyside. the 21-year-old has been repeatedly linked with a move to the premier league champions.
the blue-eyed, australian doctor has been identified as Tareq Kamleh. he is believed to be in his late 20's and completed his medical degree at Adelaide university. he reportedly worked as a paediatric registrar at the Adelaide women's and children's hospital until 2013. he then moved to north Queensland where he worked at mackay base hospital. university student who knew Kamleh said he was a 'pretty normal guy'.
it is one year since the death of former barcelona coach Tito Vilanova. the 45-year-old died aged 45 after a long battle with parotid gland cancer. his memory lives on at the club where he played an integral part in the most successful era in its history.
Xherdan Shaqiri joined inter from Bayern Munich in the January transfer window. the 23-year-old has been dropped to the bench in recent matches. but manager Roberto Mancini insists the reports are 'completely made up'.
Newcastle set another record as losers of the last five derbies. head coach said he had a secret motivational tactic up his sleeve. but we do know it didn't work.
five-time world snooker champion admits he would 'love' to be presenter. he has appeared as a guest on the show in the past. he beat Craig Steadman 10-3 in the first round at the Crucible.
winger believes the club will be challenging for the title next season. united currently sit third in the premier league - 11 points behind leaders chelsea. the 29-year-old has played a prominent role in van gaal's starting line-up.
prime minister made embarrassing gaffe during speech on ethnic minorities. he said he was a west Ham fan, despite previously saying he followed aston villa. the conservative leader has since apologised, blaming a bout of brain fade.
the spanish striker failed to recover in time from a hamstring injury. he is not in a condition to play for the blues at the Emirates stadium. he is unlikely to even make the bench for the trip to arsenal on sunday.
sunderland winger is accused of three offences of sexual activity with a child under 16 and one of grooming. the 27-year-old is due to appear at Peterlee magistrates' court on may 20. the case will then be transferred to crown court.
women's tennis stars attend opening ceremony of the Porsche Grand Prix Tennis event in Stuttgart. defending champion Maria Sharapova is joined by players including Ana Ivanovic, Caroline Wozniacki, Sabine Lisicki, and angelique Kerber. world no 1 serena Williams admits she is not ready for the clay court season after struggling to beat Sara Errani.
Smita Srivastava currently holds the record for having the longest hair in India. her hair now stands at 7ft (2.1m), more than three inches longer than the height of the average basketball player. the 37-year-old Indian Rapunzel has become somewhat of a local celebrity.
boy was trapped for more than half an hour down an eight-foot drain in Peterborough. it is believed the rubber drain cover had been kicked out of position. firefighters, police and ambulance crews worked to free the boy.
soccer legends Ronaldo and Zinedine Zidane took part in the 12th annual Match Against Poverty on monday night. the pair were joined by a host of former greats including Clarence Seedorf, Fabian Barthez, Jay-Jay Okocha and Gianluca Zambrotta.
the situation is described as 50/50 at this stage, with the 19-year-old having taken time out from national duty seven months ago. Grealish has met with Ireland manager Martin O'Neill and held a friendly chat with Roy Keane after winning the country’s under-21 player of the year award in Dublin last month. a FIFA ruling stating friendly match appearances do not commit a player to one country.
the 'Ghetto Burger' is a double cheeseburger with bacon, grilled onions, ketchup, mustard and chili. Price was known for her no-swearing policy and care in cooking up every plate of burger and fries herself.
Eugenie Bouchard refused to shake hands with Alexandra Dulgheru. the 21-year-old was mocked at home and abroad over the handshake controversy. she is representing canada in a Fed Cup match at the weekend.
Eden Hazard is poised to win PFA Player of the Year. but former manchester united right-back says he is not as ruthless. he says he needs to bully defenders more and become a killer.
standard Chartered signed up as the club's main sponsor in July 2010. it is the fifth season the company's logo has appeared on the team's shirts. the partnership will now run through to the end of the 2018-19 season.
arsenal were unable to break down their opponents in an attritional game. chelsea were lucky not to concede a penalty after clattering into Oscar. hector bellerin was preferred to fit again mathieu debuchy.
west ham's season tickets will cost as little as £289 when they move to the Olympic Stadium in Stratford. the club will have the cheapest pricing strategy in the premier league in a bid to fill the 54,000 capacity stadium. co-chairmen David Gold and David Sullivan will use enhanced television revenue to pass on savings to fans.
Lewis Hamilton's younger sibling Nicolas suffers from cerebral palsy. he is preparing to become the first disabled competitor to compete in the British Touring Car Championship, for Audi, starting in June. the next race is the spanish grand prix on may 10.
Floyd Mayweather and Manny Pacquiao are less than two weeks away from facing each other in the richest fight in history. both men made sure they spent time with those closest to them over the weekend. mayweather, meanwhile, has been dating Doralie Medina since last year.
the 19-year-old was clobbered by two fouls against Liverpool in the semi-final. he wears his socks around his ankles but has to buy kid-sized shinpads to meet safety regulations. he played for aston villa between the ages of 10 and 14.
united players met sick supporters on behalf of the Manchester United Foundation. the trio met the sick children and adults at their training complex. they also signed memorabilia and posed for photographs with them.
five-time world champion was spoken to by referee Olivier Marteel. he approached him as he walked to the table when he missed a red. but he was also warned about his behaviour towards the end of the afternoon session.
video shows 20 men wearing desert camouflage uniforms in the sand. they carry out a carefully choreographed rifle routine in the sand. 'establishing' of an ISIS-related group in the country comes after months of conflict.
basketballer abby bishop took in her niece when she was two days old. now 20 months old, she follows her as she travels the world playing for professional teams. she had planned to spend a few years living in Europe full-time playing basketball. but she had to adjust her plans to do what was best for her niece.
on-loan striker scored twice in 4-2 win over Celta Vigo on sunday. he has now scored a goal every 83 minutes - two minutes short of Lionel Messi. 'he's enjoying the period that he's in, it's a really good one,' says manager.
Andrea Pirlo scored a stunning free-kick to give his side the lead in the first-half. however, it wasn't enough to stop his side sinking to a 2-1 defeat. it was the first time Torino had beaten Juve in the derby for 20 years.
former two-weight world champion was stopped at Dubai airport. he was accused of writing a cheque which bounced as payment for a new property. the 34-year-old also handed over his passport to authorities. he has been unable to leave the united arab emirates.
six players have been named in the PFA Premier League team of the year. Eden Hazard, nemanja matic, Philippe Coutinho and alexis sanchez were in midfield. chelsea are on the brink of a first title since 2010.
daley blind was given a large self-portrait by his parents as a late birthday present. the 25-year-old posted a picture of the painting on his instagram account. blind has been a key figure for the red devils this season.
arsenal are third in the premier league, level on points with manchester city. the gunners face hull city at the emirates on wednesday night. cesc Fabregas was substituted in the dying moments of the game. the midfielder was booed by large portions of the arsenal supporters.
a host of international footballers took to social media to celebrate the day. Harry Kane posted a picture to Instagram reminiscing on the day. Rio Ferdinand posted a picture of his time in an England shirt.
five-time world champion Ronnie O'Sullivan took off his shoes mid-match. but he still socked it to debutant Craig Steadman at the Crucible. the 39-year-old could now face a fine after breaching snooker's dress code.
manchester united lost 3-0 to everton at goodison park on sunday. goals from James McCarthy, John Stones and Kevin Mirallas condemned the red Devils to their third successive premier league defeat. manager louis van gaal accused his players of lacking desire.
model designed swimwear line in collaboration with swims for all. made from 100 per cent recycled material.
united lost 3-0 at home to everton in the premier league on saturday. manager louis van gaal said his players were lacking desire. van gaal said his players could not match everton's commitment.
streaming apps such as periscope and Meerkat allow users to broadcast live video to their social media followers. the video is then available to replay for up to 24 hours and can also be saved to the user's phone. in the us, viewers are being charged between $89.99 - $99.99 (£66) to watch the fight while in Britain Sky is offering the fight for £19.99.
chelsea drew 0-0 with arsenal at the emirates stadium on sunday. jose mourinho's side are 11 years without a premier league title. 'you support the club and you're waiting, waiting, waiting for so many years without a title, so that's very boring,' he said.
injured trio Franck Ribery, Mehdi Benatia, David Alaba and Arjen Robben watched on from the sidelines as the german giants bid to reach the champions league semi-finals. the absence of Robben and co appeared to make no difference as Bayern raced into a 5-0 lead at half-time before claiming a 6-1 victory.
real madrid beat rivals atletico 2-0 at the Santiago Bernabeu on tuesday. a venomous free-kick from a Cristiano Ronaldo free-kick struck a young supporter. the youngster was overcome with emotion at the kind act of kindness.
argentine journalist Jorge 'El Topo' Lopez was killed in a suspicious road accident while in Sao Paulo in July. pep guardiola wore the top - which read '#JusticiaParaTopo' - during his pre-match press conference before Bayern Munich emphatically dumped porto out of the champions league. UEFA say Guardiola has been disciplined because of an ‘incident of a non-sporting nature’.
louis van gaal says that Wayne Rooney suffered a knee injury during the defeat by Everton at goodison park. the england international was replaced by Robin van persie in the closing stages of the premier league clash. the defeat leaves united fourth in the race for automatic champions league qualification.
Harry Kane has scored 30 goals in all competitions for the club this season. the 21-year-old has also been shortlisted for the PFA Young Player of the Year award. the striker arrived at the awards on Sunday with childhood sweetheart Katie Goodland.
arsenal winger Alex Oxlade-Chamberlain and Chelsea defender Gary Cahill pitted themselves against Jack Nowell of Exeter Chiefs and Bath's George Ford. the sports stars took part in a cross-code challenge at England rugby's training centre in bagshot.
Oscar collided with onrushing David Ospina in the 16th minute. the midfielder was sent to hospital at half time for checks. it looked as if the arsenal goalkeeper had given away a penalty. but referee Michael Oliver waved away Chelsea's protestation.
the toon number eight halted pearce in his tracks with a shoulder charge. he then shoved his head into the ground, earning him a red card. he then grabbed his head and rammed into the turf, earning him a red card.
the emerald green, diamond encrusted belt was unveiled by world boxing council president Mauricio Sulaiman. current light heavyweight champion Adonis Stevenson was also on hand as the $1million creation was put on show. boxing fans worldwide voted for the traditional emerald green belt, which will be handed to the winner of the mega-fight on may 2.
Claude Callegari insists that the flag should be taken down at the Emirates. the former arsenal midfielder kissed the badge when they lifted the cup. the 27-year-old is set to start against his former club on sunday.
english golfer has used acupuncture to aid his recovery in the past. the 39-year-old posted an Instagram picture with eight needles stuck in his neck. he finished tied sixth at the US Masters and is confident of winning a first tour title since the HSBC Champions in 2012.
angelique Kerber came from a set down to beat Caroline Wozniacki 3-6, 6-1, 7-5. the german claimed her second title of the season in the Stuttgart grand prix. 'i am completely done here, empty. I gave everything I had and the crowd just carried me,' she said.
Blake Shinn rode his pants off at the Hyland Race Colours Plate in Canterbury. the 27-year-old attempted to ride Miss Royale to victory on the home straight. the elastic in his pants gave way, exposing his backside to punters.
four Chelsea fans labelled themselves the 'C-Team' during the prank. they parked outside arsenal's north London home wearing masks. the pranksters then set off blue smoke bombs and covered the sign.
pep guardiola ripped a hole in his trousers during a 6-1 win over porto. the spaniard's underwear was on show after the incident. he joked after the match: 'i'll have to buy new ones for the next match'.
the man, known only as Jason, from Vancouver, uploaded the video to YouTube. he uses a needle, pliers and a screwdriver to pop a grape-sized cyst. his sister-in-law then inserts the needle into the cyst and holds it in place. she then begins the horrifying process of hammering the needle deeper into the cyst with the handle of a screwdriver.
Tiger Woods gave former basketball star Yao Ming a golfing lesson. the 7ft 6in former basketball star helped him get to grips with his swing. woods will return to the PGA Tour at the Players Championship.
didier drogba's charity ball raised £400,000 for his foundation. the blues striker played his part in the 1-0 win over manchester united. the event took place at the swanky dorchester hotel in london.
George Groves will fight Badou Jack for the world super-middleweight title. the 27-year-old defeated Anthony Dirrell on points on friday night. despite unlikely odds, the boxer correctly predicted a shock.
the championnat national de premiere division has four rounds of matches remaining. just 11 points split leaders ES Setif and bottom-placed NA Hussein Dey. the top two teams qualify for next year's CAF Champions League. three teams will be relegated to the second division.
rodgers unsure whether striker will play again this season. the 25-year-old missed five months with calf and thigh issues. he is now battling to overcome a hip problem sustained in the defeat to manchester united on march 22.
son Romeo, 12, ran the three-mile mini-marathon in london on sunday. his family were there to cheer on him as he raised £6,000 for charity. it is the same three mile course where mo farah and triathlon champions Alistair and Jonny Brownlee kick started their careers.
aston villa beat liverpool 1-0 at wembley on sunday. steven gerrard was unable to shift the momentum of the game. but manager Brendan rodgers must take the blame for his poor display.
a leandro Silva hat-trick earned porto a 3-0 win over the uruguayan side. the result sees them reach the final of the premier league international cup. chelsea crashed out of the champions league in the last 16 on monday.
the 28-year-old has struggled in the shadow of Zlatan Ibrahimovic. but he took a day out at the zoo after 2-0 defeat to barcelona. he posed for pictures with goats, bears and fellow south american llamas.
aston villa striker Christian Benteke is also a target for the reds. the merseyside club have been given permission to hold with Memphis Depay. the 21-year-old scored 21 goals in the eredivise this season. depay has also been linked with a move to bayern munich.
boxer invites compatriot Adrien Broner for a feast at his mansion. chef Q, also known as Quiana Jefferies, cooks for the 38-year-old. he pays up to $1,000 per plate when the food is cooked by the chef.
chelsea drew 0-0 with arsenal at the emirates on saturday afternoon. jose mourinho's side were booed off the pitch by home fans. but captain John Terry has warned they will not win the premier league.
a prank at saints' Renfrewshire training ground went badly wrong on tuesday. captain Steven Thompson speared team-mate John McGinn with a pole. the pole stabbed him in the leg and he will miss the rest of the season.
the 41-year-old set the world record of 2:15.25 in the London Marathon in 2003. but she said the time was irrelevant in her final competitive race.'my body can't train at this level any more,' she said.
jurgen Klopp has confirmed he will leave Borussia Dortmund in the summer. pep guardiola has a contract until the summer of 2016. german legend Franz Beckenbauer believes Klopp could succeed Guardiola.
a man dressed as the Grim Reaper sat behind the dug-out at goodison park in the same fixture last season. the result was louis van gaal's biggest defeat as united manager. a brilliant counter-attack from James McCarthy gave everton the lead. but a late Ashley Young header put the hosts in front in the fifth minute.
the 25-year-old scored the fourth goal of the champions league on tuesday. it was the world cup winner's 27th goal in the competition. supporters chanted and chanted as he led the celebrations.
a convoy of trucks is already delivering the first consignments of half a million bottles of Budweiser, Miller Lite, Corona and Tecate. the majority of rooms on the strip are reserved for proven high-rollers with track records of seven-figure gambling. early arrivals are busy stock-piling cases of their preferred foaming nectar in their rooms at the hotel.
liverpool fans are unhappy at being charged £50 to go to a game at the KC. last season, the same seats were sold for £35 at the KC stadium. liverpool manager Brendan rodgers says he respects the supporters' right to protest.
the highly-anticipated movie premiered at westfield shopping centre on tuesday. haskell posted the image dressed as downey Jr.'s character Iron Man. the flanker returned to the club where he started his career for 2012.
the 26-year-old striker suffered torn ligaments in his left knee during westham's 0-0 draw with Southampton. he will not be available for the rest of the season. the 26-year-old took to Instagram to show his followers the creation.
Floyd Mayweather and Manny Pacquiao have been rubbing shoulders with the rich and famous. meanwhile, the boxer welcomed Mariah Carey to his gym. carey has long been a fan of the boxer having attended his fight against Shane Mosley in 2010.
the pair went head-to-head to launch the new Puma evoSpeed 1.3. the footwear brand are releasing the evoSPEED 1.3 Graphic. the evoSPEED 1.3 takes inspiration from the Japanese dragon.
the 17-year-old was a guest at a junior event sponsored by Nike. he was a guest at the Sage Valley golf club in graniteville, south carolina. 'look at this... no chance,' he said as he arm wrestled the teen. 'i shouldn't be a golfer,' the northern irishman joked back.
real madrid beat Celta Vigo 4-2 at the santiago bernabeu on sunday. javier Hernandez scored twice to keep his side in the title race. the 26-year-old is currently scoring a goal every 83 minutes. he has scored six goals in eight starts for the spanish giants. the striker has impressed in the absence of regular striker Karim Benzema.
the 34-year-old captain has made an appearance in all 33 premier league games. he has played 2,970 minutes for the blues so far this season. if he makes an appearance, he will beat the 37 domestic appearances he made during his side's last title-winning season.
Wladimir Klitschko beat Bryant Jennings on saturday night in new york. the unified heavyweight champion has confirmed that Tyson Fury will be his next opponent and is willing to fight him in england. the fight was Klitschko's first in the united states since he fought Sultan Ibragimov in 2008.
chelsea drew 0-0 with arsenal at the emirates on saturday. the gunners conceded 33 premier league goals in the process. a solid back four is the bedrock of any title challenge. click here for all the latest premier league news.
Kei Nishikori beat Pablo Andujar 6-4 6-4 in the final of the Barcelona Open. it was the ninth career title for the top-seeded japanese player. he will be among the favourites to win the french open next year.
Thierry Henry believes arsenal need a goalkeeper, centre back, defensive midfielder and striker if they are to have any chance of winning the barclays premier league title. the frenchman also hit out at Olivier Giroud by claiming the gunners will struggle to win the league if his fellow countryman is to remain as the club's first choice striker.
Mick Schumacher makes his debut in the 2015 ADAC Formula 4 series. the 16-year-old is part of the Dutch Van Amersfoort Racing team. karting star finished second in the world, european and german kart championships last season.
bafetimbi gomis has been able to spend time with his family in Lyon. the frenchman suffered a hamstring injury against everton earlier this month. the 29-year-old is expected to be out for between three and four weeks.
real madrid beat Celta Vigo 4-2 in their la liga clash on saturday. javier Hernandez scored six goals in eight starts for the spanish giants. the striker is currently scoring a goal every 83 minutes with a scoring ratio that is only two minutes short of Lionel Messi.
online and front-end retailers are seeing record sales of Pacquiao items.'many are buying because prices might rise further if Manny wins,' said 50-year-old Carolyn Yap-Tan. prices of Pacquiao-autographed boxing gloves have also risen at least 50 per cent.
chelsea have 75 players in the best XI since the premier league began in 1992. but having Eden Hazard, Diego Costa, John Terry, Gary Cahill, Nemanja Matic and Branislav Ivanovic feature in this year's team has seen them close the gap to second-placed arsenal, currently on 42. the belgian winger has remarkably featured in the Team of the Year every season since 2009 – for both Lille in Ligue 1 and Chelsea in the premier league.
the strips, produced by sportswear giants Nike, have caused a bit of stir. there has been some controversy surrounding the decision to go with a black and white colour scheme rather than the traditional red, white and blue. but striker Alex Morgan hailed the design as innovative.
the PFA Premier League team of the year was unveiled at a glitzy ceremony at the Grosvenor House hotel in London on sunday. six Chelsea players made the side, with Eden Hazard, winner of the individual prize, making the side for the third straight season. the performance index measures a player's contribution to the success of his team.
Ivan Rakitic shared a picture with his 425,000 Instagram followers of him with his wife and daughter to celebrate St George's day. his wife, Raquel Mauri, also posted an image of her celebrations with the midfielder.
louis van gaal has been given the green light to make gareth bale his top summer transfer target. a supporter handed van gaal a list of potential targets at a club fan day. van gaal read out the names of mats Hummels, Nathaniel Clyne, Paul Pogba, Gareth Bale, Memphis Depay and Jackson Martinez.
chelsea beat arsenal 2-0 at the emirates stadium in the premier league. didier drogba was left on the bench for the second half. but the blues boss is staying true to the game - his game. the end result will be a fourth barclays premier league title.
new research by the mail on Sunday shows just how much the oil-rich middle east state spent on deals in the run-up to the 2010 vote. much of this outlay was on goods and services for Qatar. there were also millions of pounds of cash payments made to a huge range of football officials from secret slush funds controlled by bin Hammam.
pink top, £125, lkbennett.com. floral print skirt, £109, fennwrightmanson.com.
Manny Pacquiao appeared in a new advert for foot locker. the Filipino joked about a fight with his long-term boxing rival back in November. the 41-second advert was released before an agreement was reached.
the 28-year-old has been linked with a move to old trafford. but he hasn't been the prolific force he should have been. he hasn't scored as many goals as he should have done in ligue 1.
the new england patriots beat the seattle seahawks 28-24 to win the NFL Super Bowl XLIX in february. but there was one notable absence with quarterback Tom Brady nowhere to be seen. a spokesman for the patriots said 'prior family commitments' were the reason why Brady didn't attend the visit.
the watch has an Ion-X glass display which is supposed to be'resistant to scratches and impact' when dropped from a height of just under four feet (1.2 metres), it survived unscathed despite a nasty 'crack' noise when it hit the pavement. when it was dropped so the display hit the floor first, the screen shattered with beads of glass seen on the ground after impact.
keeper's extra-time error saw his side beaten 2-1 by arsenal at wembley. but he had already booked his wedding for the weekend of the final. the 30-year-old is due to marry girlfriend Micaela Gardner on the same weekend.
aston villa beat liverpool 1-0 to reach the final of the fa cup. Philippe Coutinho fired the reds ahead with a smart chip. a long range Chrisitan Benteke strike equalised for the villa side.
Xavi came on as a half-time substitute against PSG on tuesday night. the former spain international played for 148th time in the competition. he also set the record for the most appearances in the knockout phase. real madrid goalkeeper Iker Casillas is in line to equal Xavi's total.
chelsea drew 0-0 with arsenal at the emirates on saturday. jose mourinho's back seven has stayed settled all season. mario balotelli's first start in a premier league game since the defeat by Chelsea in November was as frustrating as all the ones that went before.
watford beat middlesbrough 2-0 at the amex stadium on saturday. defender Tommie hoban has called promotion an 'unbelievable achievement'. the club will now return to the premier league for the first time since 2006-07.
the latest version of the long-running game series, due out on July 16, features various gameplay styles and enhanced ball physics. firmer, links-style courses like St Andrews will provide more bounce and roll, while softer courses such as TPC Sawgrass will have less bounce and roll.
men, women and children living in the united states were reunited with their deported relatives after the border gate to Mexico was temporarily opened. two young boys reportedly fell to their knees as they crossed into the country and saw their cherished mother for the first time in two years. in another scene, a man smiles blissfully as he hugs his emotional father, while his daughters lelainah and four-year-old Willow watch.
Jason Denayer is set to return to the premier league this summer. the on-loan defender has been a revelation since joining the club. the 19-year-old is already a PFA Scotland Young Player of the Year nominee.
the british race car driver is making his first live-action cameo in a movie. he was spotted on the set of the comedy sequel on friday night. he wore a red camouflage suit with a white shirt and sunglasses.
bridesmaids star expressed his frustration in a tweet that was dripping with sarcasm. the 35-year-old actor posted the tweet on his verified twitter account. he ended the tweet with the hashtag ‘#ScaryBaby’.
43 per cent of voters think Ed Miliband 'comes across as wanting to win the most' only 25 per cent think he is hungriest for the job, and 13 per cent said neither of them.
Karen Danczuk reveals ambition to be an MP – insisting she could relate to ordinary women unlike the current crop of female politicians. glamorous labour councillor is married to outspoken MP Simon Danczuk. she said parliament needed people like her 'to bring it back down to reality'
Motherwell will go to battle with the SPFL over free entry to the premiership play-offs for season-ticket holders. the league are entitled to take 50 per cent of the gate proceeds from the six play-off ties for redistribution among the clubs. a bid by the league board to force play-off finalists to charge all fans a minimum price of £15 for the play-off ties was withdrawn last Thursday.
the London Borough of Barking and dagenham wants dog owners to submit a DNA sample from the inside of the animal's cheek so it is registered on a database. the council would then use stored information to match the animal responsible with any errant mess found on the streets - and issue the owner an £80 fine.
Philip Dunning 44, from west lothian, made the decision to give notice as shift manager at a food plant in the town within hours. after hitting the jackpot in Saturday night's Lotto, he went in for his 4am shift at Caledonia Produce the next day and told his boss he was quitting. his partner, Gina Meikle, 45, did the same.
almeria have completed 184 passes so far today, which is a decent stat given it's not even half time yet. real haven't found their rhythm yet while almeria are just letting them pass from side to side. the visitors have a few more shots from around 25 yards and keylor Navas won't be worried by those.
obsessive football fan made his girlfriend sit a test about his favourite club. she scored an impressive 43.5 out of 50 and her boyfriend didn't dump her. the test took the form of a school exam, with multiple choice questions.
Ousman Jatta, 45, took wife beryl, 88, to a care home while he went to africa. but when he went to pick her up he was told social services had intervened. when he went to pick her up he was told she could not go home with him. he threatened to go on hunger strike unless he handed her over to council.
'private and quiet man' bequeathed entire fortune to builder after he died. but his family insist the will, made two months before his death, is invalid. they say builder is lying about friendship with 'uncle Ron' but judge says 'odd' nature of bequest should 'excite suspicion'
Indonesian attorney-general H.M. Prasetyo applauded Chan and Sukumaran's executioners for their work. 'these executions were carried out smoothly and in order - much better than the first round of executions in January,' he said. he dismissed australia's withdrawal of its ambassador as a'momentary reaction'
goncalo amaral had been on trial over claims he made in a book and documentary. he claimed the couple were involved in their daughter's disappearance. in a written verdict, a Lisbon court agreed that amaral should pay €250,000 (£179,000) each in damages. he also banned further sales of his book the truth of the lie.
the 16-year-old is named after the original Brazilian striker Ronaldo. he also has a twin brother called Rivaldo, named after the former Barcelona and AC Milan player.
lib dem minister releases details of secret plans to cut child benefit. he claims they were drawn up by civil servants on orders of lib dems. but the lib dems hit back, claiming he had asked officials to examine ways to curb access to benefits.
rodrigo Gularte, 42, was shot dead alongside australians Andrew Chan and myuran sukumaran in the early hours of Wednesday morning. he was a paranoid schizophrenic who didn't realise he was being executed until his last moments of life. father Charlie burrows said he talked to him for an hour and a half late on Tuesday night to prepare him for the executions. but the convicted drug trafficker was confused about his fate and complained
arshdeep Kaur, 14, and her mother Shinder, 38, were travelling from their home in Punjab, northern india, to visit relatives. a group of about half a dozen men began harassing them and tried to'molest' them. but instead of defending them, the bus staff joined in the sexual assault. the incident took place on a near-empty bus near Moga, 50 miles from the Pakistani border, in Punjab province.
14 soldiers dispatched to restore order after 2013 coup have been accused of abusing children as young as nine as they begged for something to eat. investigation has been underway since last year but was only made public yesterday. the french president today said: 'if some soldiers have behaved badly, I will show no mercy'
ba van Nguyen piloted a military helicopter on his own to save his family during the fall of Saigon on April 30, 1975. he managed to fly a CH-47 Chinook, the largest helicopter in the south Vietnamese army, out of the city and into the south china sea. this after he managed to get out of his flight suit and jump into the ocean just seconds before it crashed - all on his own. some members of the family are revealing what happened on that historic day, and
crowds cheered as 15-year-old pema Lama was pulled from rubble. he became 'pancaked' between two floors when quake hit on saturday. he was carried out on a stretcher by medics who had placed an IV drip into his arm and a blue brace around his neck. his astonishing tale of survival came as a four-month-old baby was reunited with his mother after being rescued from rubble.
Carl Beatson-Asiedu was stabbed to death outside a nightclub in 2009. the 19-year-old victim, known as DJ Charmz, had been performing a set. suspect Jeffrey Okafor, 24, then fled to Nigeria on his brother's passport. he is accused of confessing to his girlfriend before stabbing him to death.
javier Hernandez has scored five goals in his last six games for real madrid. the 26-year-old has scored three times in his last two games. the striker has been restricted to just nine starts this season.
Carl Thompson, 32, has gained an astonishing 30 stone in just three years. he now weighs 65 stone and is too heavy to walk or wash himself. he is confined to the ground floor flat where he lives alone in dover. he is kept company by a team of carers who come to bathe him and cook for him.
five-month-old sonit Awal was asleep in his cot upstairs when the quake struck. he was saved from death by a cupboard that fell on top of him. his mother has spoken of her 'overwhelming joy' when rescuers finally arrived.
ten years ago, bartender Liz Clark swapped cleaning glasses for sailing. the 34-year-old promised to document her travels on a Cal 40 sailboat. inspired by a retired professor, she jumped at the chance to sail around the world.
Darren Stanton has become the UK's top human leading human lie detector and body expert. he appeared on this morning to show his immense skill in sniffing out deceit. he managed to suss out when both Philip Schofield and Amanda Holden were fibbing.
'as a teenager I used to get into fights because of it,' says Stuart McCall. 'they had a song for Ray Hankin and it went: 'Ray Hankin, Ray Hankin' and half of them would then shout's**t' and this is while he was warming up for the game'. 'tell me, how's that going to help any individual when that reaction to their name just being read out?' he says.
the Ukip leader said he would accept the result of a referendum. but he rejected claims his party would become'redundant' as a result. he claimed the party could enjoy an SNP-style surge in support.
ukip leader will say boatloads of people trying to get to continent from north africa could provide a cover for jihadis wanting to do harm. he will warn if the EU agrees to give refuge to migrants from north africa, it could lead to millions being given passports. campaign bosses believe a provocative intervention could have the same effect as his controversial remarks on foreigners with HIV being treated in uk.
first minister spoke up chances of being Westminster's king-maker. polls still pointing to another hung parliament. but a vote-by-vote arrangement remains on the table.
home secretary said new legislation was urgently needed to update powers. based on polling, parliament would be left deadlocked with balance of power held by snp. she urged wavering Ukip supporters to realise what is at stake for security. situation made especially acute by 'poison pill' inserted into anti-terror laws.
anonymous scientist Bionerd has attracted thousands of subscribers to her YouTube channel for her visits into the Chernobyl exclusion zone. since the disaster the site has been closed off to the world, with Ukrainian scientists agreeing that the area isn't habitable for humans for at least 20,000 years. she says she has exposed herself to more radiation swimming in the sea and visiting hospital, and is more likely to develop cancer from swimming in the sea.
the 11-year-old is a talented midfielder who has been spotted at the club. like Jack Wilshere, he is a talented midfielder who has been spotted at the club. west ham, arsenal and spurs have all offered to give him a shot at the highest level.
mobile cinema was found rotting in a field in 2005. owners bought it for £1,200 and spent £35,000 restoring it over five years. they toured the country with the classic bus which became a celebrity. now they want to sell it so they can concentrate on being parents.
the 55-year-old was injured when a car reversed into his stationary car in 2005. he suffered whiplash, chronic pain syndrome and a resulting depression. but as his £600,000 damages claim began, he was accused of a staggering fraud. he could be seen out walking, joking with a builder and striking up conversation with a stranger in a coffee shop.
the likes of Leon Osman, Phil Jagielka, Ross Barkley and Romelu Lukaku were all present to pass on advice to the next generation of players. players from the under-6 to under-11 age groups joined the club's senior stars for a training session at the Halewood complex. the fun-filled occasion included games of head tennis and shooting drills.
only nine per cent of germans now consider the end of the conflict a defeat. instead they explore the impact of Hitler and the Nazi regime on everyday germans.
arsenal midfielder posted a photo on his instagram account on monday. the 23-year-old has missed five months of this season due to ankle surgery. he was keen to share his food requirements with his 891,000 followers.
Ivan Rakitic and his wife, Raquel Mauri, posted a selfie of them at the beach. the former hair stylist accompanied the picture with the caption: 'Relaxing day with the family,' alongside a series of beach-themed emoticons. Rakitic's team-mate Lionel Messi has also taken to Instagram to confirm he will soon be a father for the second time.
tickets for the fight between Floyd Mayweather and Manny Pacquiao are on sale at 8pm on tuesday. the thorny matter was settled at a meeting between mayweather’s advisor Al Haymon and CBS television mogul Les Moonves. the vast majority of the 16,500 tickets were always destined to be parcelled up between the two cable networks sharing the pay-per-view broadcast and the MGM hotel group.
IPSA launched a bid to keep MPs' original claims secret. but court of appeal rules it must release copies of receipts and invoices. case stems from Freedom of Information request to Ipsa in 2010. but instead of providing receipts, Ipsa sent back typed-up summary.
rapper Tyga has been in the headlines for dating the youngest Kardashian sister - 17-year-old Kylie Jenner. Oxlade-Chamberlain and gibbs posed for a picture with Tyga at the Emirates stadium. the 25-year-old rapper appeared to dye his hair red to show his support to arsenal.
theo Walcott has been pictured sitting on a bench with six of his team-mates. the 26-year-old has been overlooked for much of the season. he was pictured for a photoshoot with model Olga sherer.
Floyd Mayweather will go head-to-head with Manny Pacquiao in the Fight of the Century at the MGM grand on may 2. he took time out of a training session to pose for a picture with 'Midnight Train To Georgia' singer Gladys Knight. the 38-year-old retweeted the post to his 5.8million followers.
lionel messi posted a picture of his son, Thiago, kissing his wife's stomach. the couple are due to have a baby boy and have a name for him. Messi and wife Antonella Roccuzzo's first son, Thiago, was born in 2012.
Adnan Januzaj turned up at the snooker world championships in Sheffield. the 20-year-old was at the Crucible to cheer on his friend Shaun Murphy. the 2005 winner moved a step closer to an elusive second title.
the future of Andy Murray’s coaching arrangement with Amelie Mauresmo looks shrouded in doubt. the 27-year-old will be replaced by Swede Jonas Bjorkman in the lead-up to the US Open and quite possibly after that. the Scot parted company with Ivan Lendl last year because the Czech was no longer able to spend half the year travelling.
anti-English sentiment in Scotland is now the 'biggest' form of racism in the uk. he accuses salmond of fuelling resentment and says it is wrong that the party is called racist.
marouane Fellaini and his twin brother mansour share a glass of bubbly. the pair were recently the subject of a mix-up involving chelsea boss jose mourinho. mourinho planned for a man to man mark Fellaini with Ruben Loftus-Cheek playing the 6ft 4in midfielder in training. but he was told by a hotel doorman that the Belgian was not playing.
only 500 Floyd Mayweather vs Manny Pacquiao tickets were on general sale. the rest were distributed by the fighters, promoters, television networks and the MGM grand. one fan, Ade Adebayo, 34, from Brighton was lucky enough to get a ticket when they were released last week. here he tells us his story and hopes for the fight.
barcelona defeated getafe 6-0 at the nou camp on tuesday night. all but nine of the 102 goals scored by the trio have come inside the box. messi now has 49 goals for the season, suarez has 32 and suarez has 21.
Roger Federer believes Rafael Nadal is still the favourite for the french open. world no 1 lost in the third round at the Barcelona open last week. the 33-year-old has admitted his confidence is lacking.
former manchester united boss speaks with presenter over a frame of snooker. the 73-year-old believes his former team-mate is better than Lionel Messi. snooker champion says'many people quite rightly say Messi'.
barcelona defeated getafe 3-0 at the nou camp on tuesday night. luis suarez opened the scoring with a cheeky panenka penalty. lionel messi doubled barca's lead with a cheeky effort.
the 35-year-old completed the race in two hours, 52 minutes and 30 seconds. he joked he was disappointed to finish behind former Olympic rower James Cracknell. he was running on behalf of the charity cancer research.
the BT Sport Industry Awards take place in battersea on Thursday. AP McCoy, Jack Wilshere and Nathaniel Clyne and Ryan Bertrand were among the sporting stars to walk the red carpet. the awards are held to celebrate and recognise the innovation, talent management and community investment brought through sport.
the 16-year-old was expected to be given some minutes towards the end of the game if Real were in a commanding lead. but the norweigan had to sit patiently on the bench as real beat almeria 3-0. he would have become the youngest player in the club's illustrious history.
the two-time world champion took time out from training ahead of the spanish grand prix next week. the 23-year-old brother of Lewis suffers from cerebral palsy. he will become the first driver with a disability to compete in the btc when he competes in the first of five rounds at Croft Circuit.
sportsmail's boxing correspondent will be ringside for the richest fight in boxing history on may 2. the fight is expected to earn at least $300million (£195m) with mayweather receiving $180m (£117) and Pacquiao $120m (£79m) Tecate have paid $5.6m (£3.7m) to become the official beer and lead ring mat sponsor of the fight.
van Persie scored twice as man united beat Fulham 4-1 at craven cottage. the holland striker is still recovering from an ankle injury. van gaal's side are four points clear at the top of the under-21 table.
Didier Drogba has been awarded a barclays spirit of the game trophy. the 37-year-old set up the 'Didier Drogba Foundation in africa'. the Ivorian scored the equaliser against Leicester on wednesday.
didier drogba has hit back at claims that his side were boring this week. the blues are preparing for a trip to Leicester city on tuesday night. drogba and his team-mates have completed an intricate six-man task.
research led by a scientist at the new jersey institute of technology has revealed the first high-resolution footage of solar flux ropes on the sun. in the video, twisting groups of magnetic fields writhe around a central axis before bursting from the sun. they are essentially twisted bundles of magnetic field that extend out of and back into the surface across hundreds of kilometres. the moment when they are flung into the atmosphere can take just a matter of hours.
addison Russell, 21, swung at a first-pitch fastball and let his bat slip. the bat went flying and struck a fan sitting behind the Cubs' on-deck circle. the fan suffered 'wounds' but was conscious and communicative.
the 25-year-old was challenged to a dance-off by Kop Kids presenter Paisley. the pair sat down for a quick interview before showing off their moves. the former Chelsea striker revealed he wasn't a fan of one direction.
top Rank promoter Bob Arum has revealed that the contracts for his fight against Floyd Mayweather have yet to be signed. the contract he received on April 15 is different to the terms that were agreed a few months ago. tickets for the fight at the MGM grand have also yet to go on sale.
'spec tickets' are on sale for up to $30,000 (£20,000) before the fight. seatsGeek claims to be the world's largest event ticket search engine. the venue for the fight, the 16,500-capacity MGM Grand Arena, has the following message on its website: 'Details on ticket sales coming soon!
car manufacturer claims to have created the fuel of the future - diesel made from water and carbon dioxide. experts used renewable energy to convert carbon dioxide and water into a form of crude oil known as 'blue crude', which was then refined into diesel. tests have shown it can be mixed with diesel from fossil fuels, or used as a fuel in its own right.
technology is based on a technique known as 'neuromodulation' in which electricity stimulates the nervous system to restore sight. surgeon first implants a small silicon chip with 150 electrodes on the retina. when the patient puts on the system's dark glasses, an integrated video camera sends images to a portable computer. a connected 'pocket processor' converts that recording into an infrared image, which the goggles will then beam into the eye.
'they're chasing me because I can't afford to pay them,' she said. the denim designer is being pursued for $126,594 in taxes. she is the sister of real housewives of australia star Gina.
laser expert Patrick Priebe built a working iron man-style arm and hand. it fires beams from the back of the wrist or from the wearer's palm. in a video, the contraption is shown popping balloons and lighting matches. he has previously built a Spiderman-style web shooter and Cyclops style laser glasses.
the barclays premier league has reached the business end of the campaign across the country. sportsmail has produced a guide to let you know all the key positions in the top five leagues as they are confirmed. manchester city, the Gunners and Manchester united are likely to join league champions Chelsea in the Champions League.
transIP hired a pair of pole dancing robots for an event in Shoreditch. the robots were originally created in 2012 for a show called 'Peepshow' the eight day event was staged to celebrate the launch of Dutch hosting company TransIP.
packets of 'beef masala' sent by Pakistan as part of relief aid to temblor survivors. the majority-Hindu country treats cows as sacred and there is a blanket ban on slaughtering the animal. development has the potential to trigger diplomatic acrimony between the south Asian Association for Regional Cooperation (Saarc) member countries.
Floyd Mayweather is preparing to face Manny Pacquiao at the MGM grand on may 2 in Las Vegas. he has been slammed for pronouncing himself superior to Muhammad Ali. but he has defended his announcement that he feels he is the best ever.
researchers subjected two commercial Li-ion batteries to external heat. they then used thermal imaging and non-invasive high speed imaging techniques to observe changes in their internal structure. copper inside melted, indicating temperatures of at least 1,085°C (1,985°F), and it caused jets of molten material to stream from the vent. the footage is the first time the failure of Li-ion batteries due to overheating has been recorded.
the fireball was captured on camera on Sunday by the United Kingdom Meteor Observing Network (UKMON) in Portadown, County Armagh. footage shows it glowing brightly as it races northwards towards the Irish Sea. pieces from the meteorite, which came from an asteroid in orbit between Mars and Jupiter, would have crashed to Earth and could be worth thousands of pounds.
photographer Jessica Fulford-Dobson took pictures of young girls skateboarding in Kabul, Afghanistan. 40 per cent of the program's students are female, and the girls have the option of joining a back-to-school program.
Nasa has been testing a flexible wing on a plane in California. the wing can bend from -2 degrees up to 30 degrees. it means that regular flaps aren't needed - and it is much lighter. in this image, the technology is visible at the flat 'flap' at the base of the wing.
Ian Merrett, 28, whistled at Poppy Smart, 23, every day for a month. she filmed them and asked police to investigate alleged sexual harassment. but he said she should take it as a compliment, which has helped him'snog loads of girls'
Tammy Abraham and Dominic Solanke have both scored 35 goals this season. the 17-year-olds are in the form of their young lives at the moment. they could play for the first-team against arsenal this weekend.
former boxing promoter, formerly known as Frank, is one of the party's most famous former candidates. she said: 'if we want to stop labour and the SNP you’ve got to vote tory. a vote for Ukip would be quite wasted'
artist, 25, is one of the stars of twitter's new live broadcasting platform. she has been 'loved' over 7.5million times in less than a month. 'this is like a reality show, but it’s not scripted,' she tells viewers.
the Eshima Ohashi bridge in Japan is the third largest of its kind in the world. it spans a mile across Lake Nakaumi, linking cities of Matsue and Sakaiminato. the two-lane concrete road bridge stretches 1.7km or just over 1 mile long. it is the largest rigid frame bridge in Japan and the third largest in the world.
Jimmy White's bid to qualify for this year's world snooker championship ends. the 52-year-old lost 10-8 to world no 30 Matthew Selt in qualifying. white had defeated James Wattana in his qualifying opener on Saturday.
GCHQ unlawfully intercepted calls and emails from Sami al-Saadi. but legally-privileged material was protected by strict rules, watchdog ruled. spies ordered to destroy two copies of the eavesdropped communications.
Celtic are considering a double raid on Dundee United for teenager John Souttar and striker Nadir Ciftci. the club sparked a row with supporters when they sold star duo Stuart Armstrong and Gary Mackay-Steven to the parkhead club on deadline day in January. Celtic have won just three of their 14 games since.
the incident took place at the 91st floor of the 101-storey Shanghai World Financial Centre. platform swung violently in the wind with the Lujiazui Financial District hundreds of metres below.
researchers believe laboratory-engineered antibodies could eradicate primary tumours, as well as distant metastases that have spread through the body. the research has been hailed a 'tour de force' raising hopes the body's immune system could be trained to attack melanoma, pancreatic, breast and lung cancer.
five men each played their own vital role in the Normandy campaign. two were teenagers, another was a young sapper, one a rookie tank driver and the last was a veteran of jungle warfare. aged between 90 and 99, they are among the first of 2,800 living veterans who will receive the Legion of Honour in the months to come.
Johanna Basford, 32, created one of the first colouring books for grown-ups in 2013. it has sold over 1.5million copies and inspired a flurry of similar books. her second book Enchanted Forest has sold out within weeks of release.
Virgil van Dijk opened the scoring in the 18th minute with a superb free-kick. it was the Highlanders' first treble since they were amalgamated in 1987. but the standard of refereeing remains an ongoing embarrassment.
in 2007, a 29-year-old karaoke performer was shot dead for delivering an off-key rendition of My Way. the death toll now as high as 12, many clubs have taken My Way off their playlist. Pacquiao has his own sitcom, Show Me Da Manny, plus a game show, Manny Many Prizes on the GMA network.
Chelsea took a commanding 3-1 lead back to west London after a strong showing in the youth cup final. a Tammy Abraham double had seen Chelsea take a first half lead. a late Dominic Solanke goal put a gloss on the scoreline.
didier drogba was the star of the show as he led his team-mates in celebrations at full time. drogba was utterly exhausted and emotionally drained as he and Terry held each other up through a post-match flash interview. he is into his 38th year and could be doing something a little more leisurely than leading the line through 90 minutes at the sharp end of the season.
terminal 1 will cover 700,000 square metres, and is set to handle 45million passengers a year. reflects research by the bank of america which found that there were 109 million Chinese tourists in 2014, who spent $164 billion.
manchester city face Chelsea in the first leg of the FA Youth Cup final. the match will take place at city's 7,200-capacity academy stadium. the second leg takes place next Monday at Stamford bridge.
reddit thread asks users to spill the beans on what'surprised' them the most when they started living with their spouses. one user described the process of 'ordering' a bride from Russia or the Philippines. the fee to find a bride this way costs between $10,000 (£6,500) and $15,000 (£9,800)
the mega-fight between Floyd Mayweather and Manny Pacquiao is set to become the biggest pay-per-view in sport. in the us, viewers are being charged between $89.99 (£59) and $99.99 (£66) but those figures will equate to a small fraction of the earnings for the two fighters. the average payout for the top 10 pay-per-view fighters stands at $22.4m (£14m)
Bayern Munich were crowned champions without even kicking a ball on sunday. their nearest rivals Wolfsburg went down to a 1-0 defeat at borussia monchengladbach. the result means Bayern have taken the title for a record 25th time.
Heather Mack, 19, brutally murdered her mother sheila von Wiese-Mack with the help of her boyfriend in august. she dumped the half-naked body in a suitcase in a taxi outside the upscale St. Regis Bali Resort. Mack avoided the death penalty last week when a judge sentenced her to 10 years, a relatively light sentence that took into account her need to care for her newborn. in contrast, australians Andrew Chan and Myuran Sukumaran have spent the
Quiana Jeffries, aka Chef Q, was brought into mayweather's camp after driving through the night to impress him with a trial breakfast. the boxer insists on eating organic produce, although there are exceptions. 'Twizzlers are his favorite,' she reveals in an interview with new york magazine.
built in the 12th century, the castle was sacked by Napoleon when he plundered the castle's gold and used it as a fortress. it is situated just 31 miles (50km) from Rome, and includes nine en-suite bedrooms, a further two bedrooms in an adjacent apartment, a lavish ballroom, library, gym and even a theatre.
Celtic beat Rangers 2-0 to win the Glasgow cup at Hampden on tuesday. goals from Josh Kerr and mark hill gave the hosts the lead. but keeper Robby McCrorie made two errors to give the hosts the win.
at least five women got into a large-scale brawl that lasted for multiple minutes at a Zara clothing store in the city's Rittenhouse Square neighborhood. witnesses to the fight had different reactions.
chelsea beat manchester city 3-1 in the first leg of the fa youth cup. acrobatic striker Tammy Abraham scored 36 goals for the west london side. the blues are within touching distance of retaining the trophy. click here for all the latest premier league news.
chelsea lost 2-1 to relegation-threatened Leicester at stamford bridge. the win will give the blues their first league crown since 2010. manager jose mourinho hailed his 'phenomenal' side.
the tags belonged to World War II veteran Cpl. William Benn. they were lost in 1939 at a coastal artillery placement on Salisbury beach. metal detector enthusiast bill ladd found them after a storm last year.
Celtic face inverness in the William Hill Scottish Cup semi-final on sunday. the winners are eight points clear of Aberdeen at the top of the league. deila believes his side provide the biggest hurdle to their treble hopes.
Brenna Happy Cloud of Salem, Oregon, was locked out of her account last week. for five days she received the same message every time she attempted to log in. happy Cloud believes her Native American heritage has been undermined by Facebook's discriminatory policies.
Dita von Teese is offering burlesque workshops at the canyon ranch. the fashion designer and author is famous for her raunchy routines. von Teese, real name Heather Renée Sweet, will offer striptease workshops.
Gloucester drew 3-3 at Kingsholm to set up a Challenge Cup final against Edinburgh. the cherries and whites will compete for their first european title since 2006. a pre-arranged Madness concert was held in front of the shed on saturday.
the 34-year-old captain scored his seventh goal in all competitions this season. he sits alongside strikers Loic Remy and Didier Drogba with seven. only star strikers Diego Costa (20 goals) and Eden Hazard (18 goals) have more for the club this season.
tests carried out in combination with chemotherapy drugs achieved almost complete remission in mice. the us scientists used low doses of the drug oxaliplatin, which has a unique ability to activate cancer-killing immune cells in small tumours but works less well in large, aggressive tumours. each year in the uk around 41,000 men are diagnosed with prostate cancer and 11,000 die from the disease.
Steve Davis will attempt to qualify for this year's betfred world championship. the king of the baize will also attempt to qualify for the tournament. he calls 29-year-old dudley potter Evans 'a great player'.
world snooker chairman has ruled out giving a season-long wildcard to Evans. the 10-time winner saw her Crucible dream ended by Ken Doherty. doherty edged over the winning line 10-8 in the first round of qualifying.
Reanne Evans is aiming to be the first woman to qualify for the snooker world championships. the 29-year-old has won 10 women's world titles. she plays former champion Ken Doherty at Pond's Forge in Sheffield.
boxing fans will be able to buy commemorative jewellery ahead of the fight. the world boxing council are launching a limited-edition jewellery range. mayweather will put his undefeated professional career on the line against Pacquiao.
pilots give their insider tips on where passengers should sit to get the best views of their destination. when leaving Sydney, sit on the right hand side of the aircraft to get the best views of world-famous Sydney Harbour bridge. when departing San Francisco, sit on the left hand side of the aircraft to see the famous golden gate bridge.
video was originally filmed to send to brothers' godfather who lives in america. but it quickly went viral, amassing more than 816million views on the internet. now the boys, from Buckinghamshire, have given an interview to newsround.
leigh Griffiths scored a hat-trick as Celtic beat Dundee United 2-0. the 24-year-old no longer plays for Hibernian for a start. former coach at leith athletic says he has not spoken to him in a while.
Falkirk beat Hibernian 1-0 in the Scottish Cup semi-final at Hampden park. the result sees them reach the final for the first time since 1957. Craig Sibbald scored the decisive goal in the 74th minute.
ultra-wealthy individuals prefer to take off on a moment's notice. wedding and event planner Sarah Haywood has helped organise ceremonies and honeymoons for everyone from celebrities to Fortune 500 businessmen. membership fees for such a service start at about £50,000.
Justin Bieber will carry Floyd Mayweather's championship belts into the ring. the 21-year-old has accompanied the fighter on numerous occasions. he even joined the fighter on stage during a recent press conference.
FIlipino boxer has been involved in some of the biggest bouts in the world over the past decade or so. he has faced the likes of Oscar De La Hoya, Ricky Hatton, Miguel Cotto and four fights against Mexican warrior Juan Manuel Marquez. the 36-year-old spent the early part of his career boxing in the far east before being given his chance on the big stage in 2001.
a celebrated australian artist has penned an impassioned message to the Indonesian President in the final hours before his treasured friends, Myuran Sukumaran and Andrew Chan, are expected to be executed. archibald-winning artist Ben Quilty became a mentor to the Bali Nine duo in 2012 and has been a staunch advocate for clemency. he has described how the two good men will be a pillar of strength for the others on death row until their last moment
Floyd mayweather and Manny Pacquiao arrived in Las Vegas on Tuesday. sportsmail's boxing correspondent Jeff Powell was there. he looks ahead to the mega-fight at the MGM grand on Saturday.
broadcasters don't show Scottish football out of charity. they do so because it fills their schedules and meets a level of demand. the BBC charges the same flat rate licence tax to viewers in London and Manchester as it does to viewers in Glasgow and Inverness.
these are some of the most spectacular holiday homes on the market at the moment. on the Lombardy side of Lake Garda, in northern Italy, lies a luxury villa with a waterfront view. open air spaces and bright rooms boast a contemporary feel and high-end touches add a little extra luxury.
the Norwegian midfielder shared the players' player of the year award with captain Scott Brown but stood alone as the choice of the supporters. the 24-year-old is delighted with the Bhoys'special' season.
the 19-year-old is regarded as the next big thing in south american football. he arrived from atletico paranaense with a glowing and ever-growing reputation. he tweeted the news he was set to sign for Chelsea by revealing he was headed for contract talks and a medical.
massage therapist Suzi Cinalli says massaging your 'third eye' can help boost concentration. pumpkin seeds provide the recommended daily amount of zinc, vital for enhancing memory and thinking skills. swap cereals for kippers and wholemeal toast and boost brain-boosting essential fatty acids.
snooker world champion Ken doherty leads snooker's top woman player Reanne Evans 5-4 at the interval of their world championship first qualifying round match. the match will be played to a conclusion when it resumes on Thursday evening. in total, 128 players are involved in qualifying, including legendary names Steve Davis and Jimmy White.
racism is rife in the coal region in northeastern Pennsylvania and the spine of the Appalachian Mountains. it is also common in the rust belt which straddles the upper northeastern US, the Great Lakes, and the Midwest states.
boxer and his team made the 270-mile journey from los angeles to las vegas on monday. the 36-year-old arrived at the Mandalay Bay hotel in the Nevada desert. he and his team had been training at trainer Freddie Roach's wild card gym. the gym is surrounded by a launderette and a petrol station. the mayweather boxing club is situated next to a Chinese Baptist church.
Judy, 55, doesn't play tennis to stay in shape, 'Because my life is saturated with it' instead, she tries anything from dancing to Pilates to walking in the hills.
bayer leverkusen have released defender Emir Spahic from his contract. the 34-year-old was involved in a brawl with security personnel after the german cup defeat to Bayern Munich. spahic was filmed fighting the security personnel after they refused to allow his friends into the changing rooms.
Bayern Munich beat Eintracht Frankfurt 3-0 in the bundesliga on saturday. goals from Robert Lewandowski and Thomas Muller secured victory. lewandowski has now scored 16 goals in all competitions this season.
the unnamed couple are suing the risque erotic novella's author, who released it under the pen name Lacey Noonan, as well as distributors Apple, Amazon.com and Barnes & Noble for allowing readers to buy the work in iBooks, Kindle and Nook digital formats. the novella is about a housewife's infatuation with new england patriots tight end Rob 'Gronk' Gronkowski, who she habitu
Eintracht Frankfurt striker Alexander Meier is out for the rest of the season with a knee injury. Meier tops the league with 19 goals, ahead of the Bayern Munich duo of Arjen Robben (17) and Robert Lewandowski (16)
riot erupted in 2012 when supporters of home team al-Masry and Cairo's al-Ahly clashed after an Egyptian league match. appeals court ordered the retrial of 73 defendants last year after rejecting a lower court's verdict, which sentenced 21 people to death. eleven of the fans were again sentenced to death today, with their verdicts referred to Egypt's supreme court, the Grand Mufti.
Floyd Mayweather has a pop-up shop where he is selling t-shirts with a Philippines flag in the background. 'this is the right time for me to fight Floyd. i’m more experienced now than five years ago. the speed and power are better than any of them. he will experience his first loss.'.
ringleaders of the infamous Bali Nine were caught trying to smuggle more than eight kilograms of heroin out of Indonesia in 2005. they were both attracted to drug smuggling by the promised riches. but they were disillusioned by their jobs and looked on with jealousy at the flashy lifestyles of others who had girls, money and fast cars at their fingertips. after all their legal appeals and pleas for clemency have been rejected, the ringleaders of the
the nuclear spectroscopic telescope Array, or NuStar, has captured a new high-energy X-ray view (magenta) of the bustling center of our galaxy. when a star runs out of fuel it usually collapses in on itself. but smaller stars will shed their outer layers and leave behind a hot dense core – known as a white dwarf.
amal Clooney held a press conference in washington calling for the release of imprisoned former president of maldives Mohamed Nasheed. the 37-year-old lawyer is part of a high-profile international legal team representing ousted and jailed former president. he was convicted under tough anti-terror laws last month and sentenced to 13 years in prison.
Georgia Davis, 22, was lifted from her home in Aberdare, south Wales, by a crane. number of roads had to be closed in the neighbourhood as firefighters worked. at the height of the operation, neighbours said there were 12 fire, police and ambulance vehicles at the property. it is the second time the morbidly obese woman has had to be rescued in such a way.
a mistake from saints goalkeeper Kelvin Davis allowed mame diouf to equalise. substitute Charlie Adam stole all three points with six minutes to go.
the 25-year-old has two years left on his £30,000-a-week contract. he has been ruled out for the rest of the season with a knee ligament injury. the midfielder has been linked with a move to arsenal and tottenham.
Liris, 32, is now dubbed The Body and The Naomi Campbell of plus. grew up in Baltimore, Maryland and has always dreamed of being a model. but her voluptuous shape landed her on the shelf with many saying she needed to lose weight to break into the industry.
Gloriavale, a new zealand settlement of around 500, has come under increasing scrutiny in recent weeks following abuse allegations. a former member, Miracle, told daily mail australia abuse victims were often blamed for their situations. she said sex outside of marriage and with underage children was 'absolutely frowned upon' and 'dealt with very severely in the community' residents follow a strict new testament creed, wear blue uniforms and do not use birth control.
former world champion pictured with 50 cent in an Instagram snap on tuesday. the pair were watching the premier boxing champions on saturday night. 'this is my message to my friend my homie Danny Garcia heal up well,' he wrote.
petr cech has made just four league starts for the blues this season. the 33-year-old is likely to be watching from the substitutes bench. parlour believes signing cech in the summer would be a 'no brainer'.
west Ham are top of the premier league fair play table. the hammers have won once in their last 10 league matches. allardyce's contract at the club expires in the summer.
andre Schurrle and Mario Gotze posed for a picture with their girlfriends. the pair were joined by partners Montana Yorke and Ann-Kathrin Broemmel. the foursome attended a charity ball to raise money for Hamburg Children's Hospital.
zlaaatan.com has created a search engine website in honour of zlatan Ibrahimovic. the site has an identical style to google with users given the option to 'Zlatan Search' or 'I'm feeling Zlatan' any results from the search bar will automatically add 'Zlatan' to the front.
the Scottish FA have failed in their attempt to increase the punishment handed to goalkeeper Steve Simonsen for breaching betting laws. the 35-year-old served a one-game ban after he admitted breaking the club's zero-tolerance gambling rules. but compliance officer Tony McGlennan challenged that decision, claiming his punishment was 'unduly lenient'.
the third day of the trial against suspected Aurora, Colorado movie theater shooter James Holmes continued on Wednesday. 'it was dim, the movie was still playing, the alarm was going off,' police officer Annette Brook told jurors. 'i began to notice the bodies, the live victims, the blood,' Brook said. if convicted, Holmes could be sentenced to death.
west spruill has been charged with murdering Ann Charle, 36, on Monday evening in the Bronx. the mother-of-two was walking towards her car at about 5:45 p.m. when he allegedly pulled out a gun and ordered her into her Honda. police say Spruill sexually assaulted Charle in her car, but she managed to escape and ran naked down the street. but he allegedly chased after her and shot her three times - in the
move marks a radical shift in strategy for the world's biggest software company. it will release new programming tools for software developers to adapt their apps to run on devices that use the new windows 10 operating system coming late this year.
Lucian Faggiano bought the building in lecce, puglia in the south of italy. renovations were put on hold when he discovered a toilet on the site was blocked. while attempting to fix the toilet he dug into a messapian tomb built 2,000 years ago, a roman granary, a Franciscan chapel, and even etchings from the Knights Templar. instead of isolating the offending pipe found underground corridors and
the Bruno Smartcan is said to be the first internet connected combined kitchen bin and vacuum cleaner. it uses sensors on the front of the bin to sense when dust and debris is swept towards it with a brush and activates its integrated vacuum. it also has an integrated bag dispenser that additionally sends alerts to a smartphone when the owner is getting low on bags.
the American Chemical Society in Washington explained the science behind the Avengers in a video. it looks at the composition of Iron Man's suit - said to be a gold-titanium alloy in one of the movies - and Captain America's shield. the video also explains the science behind super-healing abilities.
some owners of the coveted watch have found that it malfunctions if worn on tattooed wrists. some dark, vibrant ink seems to cause the watch’s heart rate monitor to lose connection and give inaccurate readings. this is because the heart sensor reads a pulse by measuring light absorption through the skin - a process called photoplethysmography. red and green inks reflect light in a similar way and the watch’s sensor’s ability to read an individual’s heart
the three planets orbit the star, HD 7924, 54 light-years away. all three planets complete their orbits in just 5, 15 and 24 days. the discovery reveals the powerful capabilities of the Automated Planet Finder (APF) in California.
the 40-year-old's 40th birthday is on Saturday, 2 may and it is thought he will be staying at the five-star luxury Amanjena resort, just outside of Marrakech. the name Amanjena translates as peaceful paradise, which is echoed by its remote, private surroundings. it is not the first time the Beckhams have stayed at the resort, with Victoria and David renewing their vows there in 2004.
hyperion is one of Saturn's outer moons, measuring 255 by 161 miles (410 by 260km) its porous surface can be seen in incredible detail in this image taken by Cassini as it performed a flyby of the satellite.
fight broke out on the Oman Air flight 102 from London heathrow. one man decided to move seats because the plane wasn't full. a fellow passenger objected to the man moving near to him. one man threw punches at the other, and took of his shoe to use as a weapon.
the proposed £30million, three-year contract for an Emirates FA Cup is revealed by sports agenda. the figures range from £1,150 for winning the extra preliminary round through to the £1.8million either Aston Villa or Arsenal will receive for lifting the trophy. the numbers will not register for premier league clubs awash with TV money but £18,000 for winning a first-round Cup match would make a lot of difference to a non-League club.
entry to the site will be moved to a visitor and orientation centre. there will be three different routes through the site. certified guides and guards will be employed, and security cameras installed.
Adidas go is an app that tracks your speed and matches music to suit. the songs are additionally selected based on the runner's musical interests and listening history. once installed the app uses the phone's accelerometer to track the user's stride, it then searches for songs in the Spotify library with matching beats per minute. songs are played in full but users can skip tracks if they want to.
the ECB's head of selectors looks set to end when the new director of cricket is appointed. it is expected the responsibilities of the chosen appointment will include being in overall charge of selection. the position has looked untenable in any case since Paul Downton was axed as managing director of England cricket.
england were bowled out for 34 for three on day one of the first test in antigua. top order is very one-paced and the west indies bowling was so disciplined that it became a problem on the first morning. if they stay in the runs will come and England supporters will be happy. but it should be remembered that England have promised to play a certain way.
brothers died after consuming six times the lethal dose of ecstasy they bought online. they were found dead in a room above the grapes pub in bolton. coroner has slammed ease with which drugs can be ordered over the 'dark web' he said it was unacceptable that 'intellectual people are able to access drugs in this way'
a new transfer policy would see the purchase of young players priced between £10-15million with good potential for resale. this strategy would set Tottenham back a decade to a time when they helped solve problems at Manchester united by trading top performers. the moment they started to sell again, Tottenham fell away. not even having the premier league's top goalscorer in Harry Kane has placed them among the elite again.
everything unpleasant about male behaviour has been ascribed to testosterone. violence? it’s all testosterone’s fault. sexual assault and rape? just blame testosterone. testosterone is at the heart of human life.
mark vanhoenacker is a senior first officer with British Airways. he wants the reader to understand his passion for his job. he admires the 747s like a sculptor might a perfect human torso.
IDC said Samsung sold 82.4 million smartphones in the first three months of the year, for a 24.5 percent market share. however, Samsung said its first quarter net profit plunged 39 percent as consumers switched to bigger iPhones.
the announcement was made after a meeting with Brazilian taekwondo officials. the former UFC champion said he is 'trying to give back to the sport' in which he began his career.
Eden Hazard and Nathan Ake take part in Audi's football challenge. the players aim to fire balls into convertible Audi's from close range. they then take to a makeshift tennis court where the net is replaced by a £127,000 Audi R8 V10 plus. the final game involved the players shooting at cars from long range.
the two goalkeepers were widely regarded as the best of their generation. in a top trump style competition, the duo square off in a top trump style competition of their honours and accolades. the gag is that the pair have so many 'cards' to play, they're still playing them 50 years later.
John Barnes and Jamie Redknapp rapped 1979 classic Rapper's Delight. the pair played together at liverpool between 1991 and 1997. in spoof sketch, Barnes appears dressed in black hoodie and jeans. the 51-year-old introduced redknapp halfway through performance.
a video of the karaoke was posted on the culture club's facebook page.'my m8 Robbie Keane having a sing-a-long in the car!'said the post. the 34-year-old striker is sidelined by a groin injury.
the 'USA Freedom Act' would end the NSA's collection of domestic calling records. it would allow the agency to request certain records held by the telephone companies under a court order in terrorism investigations. the authority to collect those records and other related surveillance provisions of the Patriot Act will expire June 1 unless Congress passes a law reauthorizing it. similar legislation was introduced in the u.s. Senate by democrat Patrick Leahy and Republican Mike Lee.
angelika graswald, 35, has been charged with second-degree murder in the death of her fiance, 46-year-old Vincent Viafore. Graswald called 911 telling the dispatcher she had fallen out of her own kayak and was later picked up by a boater. according to a criminal complaint, prosecutors allege that Graswald intentionally caused Viafore's death.
Eugenie Bouchard was beaten 6-3, 6-1 by Lauren Davis at the family circle cup. the 21-year-old top seed had lost her only career meeting with Bouchard. the american won nine of the final 11 games of the match.
fossils from an extinct pygmy sperm whale that died seven million years ago, have shed new light on the evolution of modern day whales. the remains, which were discovered in Panama, indicate that the bone involved in sound generation and echolocation got smaller throughout the whale’s evolution. in contrast modern sperm whales are much larger than their extinct relatives.
image taken by the probe's Visual and Infrared Spectrometer (Virs) to reveal distinct features such as volcanic vents and fresh craters. to highlight the geological features, the images have been overlain on a black and white mosaic from the Mercury Dual Imaging System (MDIS) the spacecraft is expected to smash into the planet's surface on Thursday 30 April at 2.4 miles per second (3.9km/s) but when it does, Messenger will be behind the planet, and hidden from
former rugby league star has struggled to make an impact since converting to union. he was called into the england squad for the 6 nations. but he was never considered for selection by the red rose.
the 32-year-old is playing in his 100th Test match for England this week. he is on the brink of becoming the world's leading wicket-taker in Tests. 'you do what you want to do and I'll do what I want to do,' he said.
both Chelsea and the premier league are furious with the BBC for allowing it to be known that the Premier League trophy was being displayed on the centre circle at Stamford bridge on Tuesday. there is great sensitivity at Chelsea about not presuming their title success before they are crowned champions. manager Jose Mourinho has warned players and fans to concentrate on first beating crystal palace on Sunday before celebrating.
bath fly half George Ford scored a fine solo-try in the first-half. the england no 10 was dispatched to the sin-bin for 10 minutes. bath were outmuscled at the breakdown, bullied in the scrum and laboured in the line-out.
scientists from the university of Connecticut warned animals in regions where shrinking habitats and barriers to migration compound the problem are most at risk. extinction risk would increase from 2.8 to 5.2% if temperatures rise by two degrees compared to pre-industrial levels. but if global warming maintains its current trajectory and a 4.3 degree increase, that could increase to 16%.
when people try to search for the aubergine, or eggplant, emoji hashtag on the app, no posts appear - even though there are posts tagged with it. it is believed the emoji is commonly used to represent male genitalia and may be attached to images containing nudity.
thousands of commuters stranded for up to five hours after power failure. some 1,200 people stuck on east grinstead to victoria service near station. police boarded trains to hand out water and paramedics were on hand. at least 338 trains were delayed for a total of more than 600 hours.
high school musical star is now 27 and a bona-fide buff babe. he serenaded us on set of his new film, Bad Grandpa, on tuesday. at 19, he was creepy having a schoolgirl crush on the young star.
bath produced a ferocious bonus point victory over Newcastle at Kingston Park. the visitors were rewarded with three first-half tries and a fourth early in the second period. bath are now six points behind premiership leaders northampton in the table.
a 12-year-old boy in Perry's class brought the matter to the attention of his father, Jimmie Scott, who complained to the school. 'if your parents voted for Obama, they're evil and I don't see how your parents could vote for someone that's Muslim,' he said.
scientists at the Ecole Polytechnique Federale de Lausanne (EPFL) in Switzerland tricked the brains of test subjects into feeling an unexpected presence in the room. the sensation was re-created by researchers using a robot to interfere with the sensory signals in the brains of blindfolded volunteers.
perak mufti Tan Sri Harussani Zakaria claims rape is'made up' by europeans. he claims women can only say no if they are menstruating, sick or just given birth. but another mufti has said sex must take place in a 'harmonious situation'
Laura Robson shared a picture on Instagram of her at a country music festival. the 21-year-old's last appearance came in the 2014 australian open first round. she had tendon surgery and is now nearing a return.
the comedian tweeted a picture alongside former England captain David Beckham and new york Giants' NFL hotshot Odell Beckham Jnr. the 36-year-old is currently filming late-night talk show late late in the states.
Sarah Jewell, 25, was expecting to find a tax refund when she instead received a letter from the IRS informing her that she had 'died' the social security office told her that someone had filed her Social Security number as deceased in November 2014. she said they implied she would be fine and that 'everything's taken care of' but fast-forward three months later and Jewell's number hasn't been reinstated. she still hasn't received her tax refund, one of her credit
100 pupils from lostwithiel school in Cornwall were due to travel 68 miles. they were due to visit mosque in Exeter, Devon, to learn about different faiths. but about 10 pupils have pulled out of trip after parents said they would be exposed to 'violence and guns' one mother says she 'doesn't want to put son at risk of being shot'
the idea is borrowed from the 2004 Adam Sandler film 50 first dates. a suitor, played by Drew Barrymore, uses videos to remind her of him. each day a new video is shown to residents at a care home in riverdale. residents are encouraged to say good morning and use memory-triggering personal anecdotes.
the 36-year-old walked down King's Road with fiancee Christine Bleakley. he has scored seven goals in 32 appearances for city on loan this season. the midfielder will join up with parent club new york city in July.
the song was written and recorded by the boxer to be his walk-out music. it was penned and recorded for the richest fight of all time against mayweather. 'thank you Jimmy for singing my new album - it was good,' he said.
Quinton 'Rampage' Jackson returns to the UFC after two years with Bellator. the former light-heavyweight champion takes on Fabio maldonado in Montreal on Saturday night. he had to endure a protracted legal battle before he was permitted to feature at UFC 186.
researchers from the university of patras took thermal infrared photographs of 41 volunteers’ faces, before and after drinking four glasses of wine. they then used artificial neural networks to compare the sober and drunken images pixel-by-pixel. technology could one day be installed in cars to spot drink drivers and stop them starting the ignition.
how old do I look allows users to analyse any image found on Bing. it also allows users to search for celebrities - and see what their real ages are.
Jeff Bezos' Blue Origin company has completed a successful spaceflight test in west Texas. the new shepard vehicle rose to a height of 58 miles (94km) - four miles short of space - before landing. it was unmanned, but will ultimately take six people into space. the cost of a ticket has not yet been announced, but estimates suggest it will be around £130,000 $200,000.
six players withdrew from the squad at short notice against Charlton. Mirco Antenucci, Giuseppe Bellusci, Dario del Fabro and Marco Silvestri, Frenchman Souleymane Doukara and Albanian Edgar Cani all told beleaguered head coach Neil Redfearn they were injured. former captain Trevor Cherry has called for the players to be sacked.
astronomers have produced the first complete three-dimensional view of the Pillars of Creation. the image, together with data collected by Nasa, suggests these structures only have three million years left before they fade away. the new observations, taken by the European Space Agency, reveal many new details — including a previously unseen jet from a young star.
Stuart Broad was dismissed for a duck in the first innings against west indies. the 28-year-old has seen his place in the side questioned by some. he has taken 63 wickets at 24 apiece in the last 14 Tests.
six players withdrew from the squad on the eve of the trip to Charlton. 'freakish set of events' was how beleaguered manager Neil Redfearn described the sextet's absence after the game. but the striker admits he has never experienced anything like the current circus at Elland Road.
the 102-year-old images were taken on the beach at Lulworth cove, Dorset, in 1913. they are among a collection of the world's oldest surviving colour photographs. the images are on display at the national media museum in Bradford.
the 20-year-old has scored nine goals in the championship this season. he has attracted admiring glances from several premier league clubs. scouts sent in to check on the midfielder during the defeat by Wolves.
six players withdrew from the squad to face Charlton on saturday. italian quartet Mirco Antenucci, Giuseppe Bellusci, Dario del Fabro and Marco Silvestri, Frenchman Souleymane Doukara and Albanian Edgar Cani all told beleaguered head coach Neil Redfearn they were injured. it is understood that redfearn was not aware of any problems with the players and that the medical team was not aware of any injuries.
the fire at Bradford City's Valley Parade claimed 56 lives and injured 265 on may 11, 1985. author Martin Fletcher points the finger at the late Stafford Heginbotham, who had been linked to eight previous blazes. 'could any man really be as unlucky as Heginbotham?' he writes.
Nadir Ciftci celebrates goal by kissing opposition goalkeeper Scott Bain. the Turkish striker ends up blushing as his side lose away at Dundee. it was Dundee's first win in a derby for more than 10 years.
Absolutely Fabulous stars to reunite for a film based in london. the film will be based in the south of france, or in the Bahamas.
posters featuring bikini-clad model called Renee Somerfield are being removed. a change.org petition calling for the adverts to be pulled has already attracted 50,000 signatures.
the FA are understood to have secured a three-year contract with Emirates Airlines. the deal is believed to be worth at least £10million a year. but it comes at a cost for lovers of the 144-year-old competition.
Lindsay Sandiford, 58, is on death row in Bali for smuggling cocaine. she believes she will be executed by the end of the year for smuggling drugs. australians Andrew Chan, 31, and myuran sukumaran, 33, were executed. the pair were the first to die in the latest round of executions. anti-death penalty protesters began playing 'Hallelujah' at Cilacap port.
the deal would see football's oldest knockout competition rebranded as the Emirates FA Cup. the deal would add to Emirates' ever-increasing portfolio of sporting sponsorship. arsenal signed the biggest club sponsorship agreement in english football history in 2004 after signing a 15-year deal worth £100million.
Michael Bisping takes on CB Dollaway in Montreal on Saturday night. the middleweight hopes to avoid losing successive fights for the first time in his career. he is open to fighting again in Glasgow this July, five years since he last fought in the UK.
former arsenal forward Andrei Arshavin's contract expires in the summer. he is set to be released along with veteran midfielder Anatoly Tymoshchuk. Zenit coach andre villas-boas has said the club are not holding talks to extend the contracts of the pair.
a plane passenger assaulted a man who was a former corrections officer during their flight when they landed in salt lake city, utah on sunday. Chad Hurst, a former corrections officer, pulled the young man aside and had a word with him about his foul language. the young man then sucker punched Hurst in the stomach and was charged with assault and public intoxication.
Carl Frampton has been offered a £1.5million payday to fight Scott Quigg. the northern irishman wants to fight in one of the biggest fights in recent memory. matchroom sport boss Eddie Hearn said the cheque offered 1.5m reasons.
Yoshinori Muto admits he is still considering a move to premier league leaders. the 22-year-old wants to join a club where he will 'play and develop'. he scored the winner against Shonan Bellmare last week.
despite scoring 17 premier league goals for QPR, Charlie Austin is yet to receive an international call-up. if he played for a big club he would be in the team by now. if he was playing this well as a right back or centre half, he'd have made his debut long ago. there was a clamour for Grant Holt to be named in the squad during his time at Norwich.
just 32 per cent of consumers have heard of campylobacter germs. many are unaware of key hygiene measures to protect themselves. more than 70 per cent of britons rightly identified chicken as main source of poisoning.
high-level ministerial briefing reveals 'unprecedented' number of australians could face the death penalty in china for drug smuggling. eleven australians were apprehended on suspected drug smuggling charges in Guangzhou alone in 2014. the exact number facing possible death sentences was redacted in the document, obtained under freedom of information laws.
aliesha Peterson, 22, first started exercising in august 2013. as of April 2015, she has lost nearly 20lbs and gained a six-pack.
the 24-year-old pop star died on march 23 in his hometown of lowestoft. he was found hanged at his home by a friend, the inquest has been told. his family said he had struggled with depression and was determined to find a cure.
sandstorms caused havoc in Saudi Arabia last week with flights cancelled and schools closed. strong winds are believed to have caused the disruption, which resulted in nearby Dubai’s skyline almost disappearing. footage, captured on camera in Saudi Arabia by Mohammed Mohsen, shows the sandstorm sweeping into the area.
the 44-year-old has two daughters, nine-year-old Alexa and three-year-old Hollie. holdsen suffered a devastating miscarriage in 2011, giving birth to a stillborn baby, theo, at seven months. after the birth of now three-year-old Hollie, the tv star nearly died in the process, losing a dangerous amount of blood.
alastair cook and Jonathan Trott should both play all three Tests against west indies before any sort of decision is made. i think they should both play all three before any sort of decision is made. i said after the first day of this Test that England’s top order was a bit one-paced which could be an issue.
the 30-year-old reality tv star posted a photo to Instagram on monday night as protests turned to riots in the hours following Freddie Gray's funeral. over 417,000 followers liked the photo, but it did not escape criticism. she responded to the wave of criticism with a tweet that read: 'yall are too much. Damned if I do. Damned if I don't'
Michelle Filkins, 44, of West Wareham has been charged with breaking and entering, larceny over $250, and malicious destruction of property. she was discovered at the Court Street property in Edgartown by owner mark conklin on April 17. when he confronted her she claimed that she owned the house. when she fled in a gray Nissan pickup truck when conklin called the police at about 8 a.m. when police arrived, they discovered a large glass window to the left side of
Jimmy Anderson took a record 384th Test wicket for England against the west indies. botham and Anderson are the leading wicket-takers in test history. both men have huge self-belief as a player and still have an aura about them.
the 55-year-old newsman is refusing to go down 'without a fight' as he looks to return to his post on NBC Nightly News, according to a source close to the network. it comes after it was revealed that an internal inquiry found Williams's had lied in his reporting to make himself look good at least 11 times. he was suspended in february with no pay for six months after it emerged he repeatedly told a false story about being aboard a military helicopter hit by
Jordan Spieth won the 2015 Masters at augusta on sunday. the 21-year-old became the first man ever to reach 19 under par in the tournament. he finished joint-second to last year's champion Bubba Watson.
the 27-year-old won on his return to action in the world triathlon series. he dropped off the leading group after being tripped during the run leg. brownlee's brother missed the event to concentrate on the upcoming triathlon test event in Rio.
louis van gaal is among those in the running for manager of the year. van gaal has breathed life into a giant and resurrected it back to rude health. despite all of that, united haven't won anything this season.
angel di Maria has a new tattoo which stands out among others on his left arm. the 27-year-old has endured a mixed start to his united career. the midfielder has been linked with a move away from old trafford.
visitors were challenged to spot the fake among 270 old master paintings. only 10 per cent of the 3,000 people who visited guessed correctly. gallery chief curator xavier bray said it was a 'fascinating experiment'
Mauro Vilhete opened the scoring for barnet in the 25th minute. the striker doubled his tally in the 49th minute to secure the win. barnet return to the football league after a two-year absence.
Mauro Vilhete scored a brace as barnet beat gateshead 7-0. the result sees barnet return to the football league. barnet will face forest green in the semi-final on wednesday.
the 28-year-old has 41 caps for brazil. he recently signed a new long-term deal at the Russian club until the end of the 2018-19 season. the striker has netted 15 goals in 33 appearances for the club.
Demetrious Johnson retained his flyweight title with a win over Kyoji Horiguchi. the american controlled the bout for nearly the entire five-round bout. he scored the latest submission win in UFC history with a second left.
diddy and mark Wahlberg placed a bet of $250,000 on the mega-fight. the rapper and producer placed the wager in front of a swimming pool. the mega-fight is expected to gross over $300million.
manuel pellegrini could be worried about his position at the etihad. he's punching above his weight at the etihad, says celebrity fan Ricky Hatton. noel gallagher says there is 'apathy' towards the champions league.
Toni duggan has scored 11 goals in 16 games for the three lions this season. the striker has recovered from a serious knee injury earlier in the year. duggan is confident her country can make history at the world cup.
Leicester city beat west brom 1-0 at the etihad stadium on saturday. a late goal from Jamie Vardy secured their survival hopes alive. the striker is the most expensive player ever to come from non-League football. he was criticised two years ago but now is a pivotal part of their team.
Mauricio pochettino's side currently sit sixth in the barclays premier league. but if they miss out on qualifying, they will struggle to attract top players. Christian Eriksen says the benefits of qualifying outweigh the negatives.
psg are weighing up a £15million move for andriy yarmolenko. the french giants have been warned off argentine forward angel di mari. yarmolenko has scored five goals in just 10 games this season.
alastair cook has been working on a new, more open stance with former England batting coach Graham Gooch over the past few months. but in the first test against the west indies, he appears to have overdone it. the picture below shows Cook playing against India at Lord's in 2007.
the old Tiger was ready to play some golf at Augusta this week. the problem with new Tiger is that as desperate as he appears to march on, obstacles line his path, like tree roots. at the ninth, playing out of the Augusta pines, Woods found such a root at full pelt on his follow through.
scouts are already working on finalising the club's targets ahead of next season. andriy Yarmolenko is emerging as a realistic target for the club. the 25-year-old is entering the final year of his contract at the white hart lane.
hugo Lloris has established himself as one of the premier league's top keepers with some fine displays. united are considering a move for the keeper as fears grow over a David de Gea's future. but spurs are determined to keep their no 1 at white hart lane and will demand a sky-high price for the keeper.
Monaco are bidding to overturn a 1-0 deficit after defeat in the first leg in Turin last week. a second-half arturo Vidal penalty ensured that Juventus travel to the principality with a slender advantage. coach Leonardo Jardim insists the french club are within reach of the champions league semi-final.
the 15-month-old girl arches her back and pushes out her belly. she pulls a cheeky face as she continues around the room. her father also mimics the mother's pregnant walk in the background.
'Yeah. I think you've sort of covered everything about that question,' he said. the president grinned and replied, 'Osman thinks I've been talking too long'
mazzy, who suffers from Spina Bifida, was on board a Southwest Airlines flight over the us when the entire plane sang her happy birthday and moved her to tears. mom Brein Bjorson Marzano was flying with Mazzy and her other daughter Birkly from Tampa to Pittsburgh on their way home from vacation.
the 22-year-old has been left out of the squad for this weekend's game with Metz. he was the subject of enquiries from spurs earlier in the year. the winger can also play behind the striker.
taxi driver was filmed singing along to a radio broadcast while driving. at first the driver lets the radio take command and Pavarotti’s distinctive voice can be heard from within side the cab. he then begins singing along loudly so that he is audible above the radio and the sounds of the road.
incident took place in Olani village, four kilometres from manpur, in central india. ward ran towards leopard brandishing weapon to try and protect fellow villagers. managed to strike leopard twice on head before it retaliated, dumping man to ground.
baron the german shepherd was captured in a video using the toilet after he began learning the impressive skill a few weeks ago. in the footage, the five-month-old pup enters the bathroom and lifts up the toilet seat. he then climbs up balancing his paws on the raised seat cover as he holds himself up and hovers over the toilet while relieving himself.
a nurse screamed with joy and then burst into tears as her paralyzed patient suddenly got up and stood on her own for the first time. Bailey Murrill, of denton, had been inexplicably paralyzed for 11 days and was being cared for in hospital. her favorite nurse came on shift and decided to surprise her by getting up. the child's nurse says: 'i told you, just keep that faith'
the clip was created by the Make it Fair Project and features a string of statistics that highlight the disproportionate presence that men have in influential industries. 'only' 88 per cent of box office hits featured a man in the leading role in 2014.'sadly', they say, 'only' 70 per cent of speaking roles in films are also given to men.
a prankster burns his friend in a van using a magnifying glass. the plasterer moves the magnifying glass over his friend's hand. a beam of sunlight can be seen dancing on his knuckles. the prankster then unleashes an explicit tirade on his friend. the video has gone viral after being viewed over one million times.
the unsettling video was uploaded to youtube last week. it shows a mysterious hairless creature chewing its way through a steel cage. the video has fuelled heated debates over the species of the ambiguous beast. some users claim it depicts a mythical 'water monster' from folklore. others claim it is a diseased malaysian bear suffering from alopecia.
six children blindfolded and asked to pick out their mother from group. mothers become emotional as they wait to see if their child will recognise them. heart-warming video created to celebrate special bond between mother and child.
organic milk contains a third less iodine than normal milk, scientists say. this could affect infant brain growth and intelligence later in life. but the organic milk industry has issued a swift rebuttal.
puppy and husky filmed conversing at american kennel club centre. one of the dogs makes a high-pitched whining sound before the other whines. people standing by laugh and put their hands to their mouths as staff attempts to pacify the dog.
a snowboarder in japan is filmed using a selfie stick to film himself in action. he is seen filming himself on the slopes in the country's Chiisagata district. the snowboarder can be heard making a scream as he holds the back of his head.
Harley Jolly, Tyson Barr and Nic Roy videoed themselves descending the world's steepest residential road on their trikes. the road is 350 metres long and is officially recognised by the Guinness Book of Records as the world's steepest with a 35% gradient. the group hurtled towards parked cars but managed to drift around them safely before coming to a stop at the bottom.
Tanguy pepiot, a steeplechase runner for the university of Oregon, had a clear lead on his rival Meron Simon, who competes for the university of washington. but with less than 100m to go, a crowd of more than 3,000 people saw the distance evaporate after pepiot raised his hands in pre-emptive joy. the gesture opened the way for Simon to speed towards the finish line, and beat him by a tenth of a second
Saskia, 17, aced the 'Arsenal exam' given by her boyfriend. she scored 43.5 out of a possible 50 points or 87 per cent. the post has since been retweeted 9,600 times.
video shows five-year-old german shepherd struggling to keep eyes open. footage shows his head slowly dipping down before he wakes up. but he keeps repeating the same action before finally giving up.
Michael Bisping beat CB Dollaway on points at the ufc 186 in Montreal. the british middleweight was in action for the first time since losing to Luke rockhold last year. he said he was disappointed not to have enjoyed an early night.
Carol Bennett-Chevereau from Quebec, Canada, filmed her pet moggy getting up to mischievous as he investigated a row of empty suitcases. but footage shows his adventuring took a turn for the worse with him plunging headfirst into one bag and struggling to get free.
the footage was captured at a birthday party in china's Sichuan province. placed across her outstretched legs is a plank of wood and clinging to either side are two women who are about to become human weights. the woman shows incredible strength by remaining in the position for some time before she begins twirling the plank of wood.
arsenal playmaker Mesut Ozil took to Instagram to show off his new watch. the 26-year-old compared his watch to the knight ride action show. the midfielder is expected to start for the gunners at the weekend.
smalling has signed a three-year contract extension at manchester united. the 25-year-old had been linked with a move to arsenal earlier this season. smalling has become a regular for van gaal after struggling for a first-team place at old trafford.
the 27-year-old is facing a misdemeanour hit-and-run charge related to an accident involving a pregnant woman. the pregnant woman was taken to hospital with 'non life-threatening injuries' police investigating the crash discovered marijuana and a pipe to smoke the drug in the fighter's car, according to TMZ.
the pair played for the club together in the late 1970s. the club went bankrupt in the following years. they returned to the club in 2010 with 74-year-old as honorary president.
hashim Amla has signed a short-term contract to play five matches for Derbyshire. the 31-year-old will replace Martin Guptill after he was called up by his country for the test series against England. he will begin his short stint in the division two championship fixture against northamptonshire on may 10.
baron the German shepherd was filmed as he helped get the dishes done at home in California.
each unassuming vehicle is a capsule home in the soDo (South of Downtown) area of the city in Washington state. the unusual format has been captured in a series of photographs by visual journalist Anna Erickson.
allan Donald has served his country as part of the coaching team since 2011. the 48-year-old has served his country as part of the coaching team since 2011. he said: 'the last four years have been the best of my life'
the 32-year-old will step down in distance for the diamond league event. it will be the first time he's competed in 1,500m since 2013. he broke the european record by clocking three minutes 28.81 seconds.
researchers at the university of Washington studied the telerobot Raven II. they found that robots designed for surgery could be 'easily' hacked in to. this is because they are operated over public networks. this allowed the researchers to access them and stop them working. the research was carried out by scientists at the university of washington.
born into a family of teachers, Jia Jiang was determined to become an entrepreneur. he dug a hole in the garden, intending to reach america by the shortest route. inevitably encountered rejection, mainly from potential backers for his project. instead of avoiding rejection, he would spend 100 days deliberately seeking out situations in which he was likely to be rejected.
Audi TT Roadster 2.0 TFSI S line Quattro (230PS) is fun to drive with lively acceleration that takes it from rest to 62 mph in just 6.1 seconds.
cui Hongfang, 73, died in front of horrified family members and holidaymakers. she was knocked over by the 38-year-old Canadian woman. police interviewed the tourist and ruled the death an accident.
martyn waghorn was sent off for a senseless kick at millwall's david harding. he was one of three players sent off - two for Wigan and one for Millwall. a late Jimmy abdou strike broke the deadlock with a rare strike.
benik Afobe scored the winner in the 25th minute at the DW Stadium. the result leaves 10-man Wigan on the brink of relegation. the latics had star man James McClean sent off in injury time.
Sarah Weatherill, 31, was so dependent on the energy drink she drank 24 cans a day. mother-of-four became lethargic, depressed, suffering heart palpitations and was constantly feeling anxious as her habit spiralled out of control. she was told if she cut down too quickly she could suffer a seizure. she spent £5,460 every year on the popular energy drink since 2009.
former Chelsea star's £75,000 range Rover stolen from his home. burglars targeted the property in cobham, where the club's training ground is based. two other vehicles, a Mercedes and a BMW, were stolen from a neighbour.
Thierry Henry believes arsenal need to sign four new players this summer. the frenchman believes the gunners need a 'top, top-quality striker'. here, sportsmail's Simon Jones analyses the options for the gunners.
the accident occurred in southeastern albuquerque just before noon on Sunday local time when the driver of a rented SUV jumped a red light. the driver, whom an off-duty officer identified as Jones, ran from the scene but then returned for the cash before fleeing again, police said. officers found a pipe with marijuana in the vehicle as well as MMA and rental car documents in Jones' name.
pictures of suge knight showing he had virtually no facial injuries released. he was punched a number of times during the deadly confrontation. close-ups taken by detectives show he only had a slight black eye. court shown footage of the deadly incident for the first time.
javier Hernandez is on loan at real madrid from manchester united. the striker has scored four goals in four for the spanish giants. ancelotti is willing to make a final decision once the season is over.
javier Hernandez has scored three goals in his last two games for real madrid. the 26-year-old has one year left on his contract at old trafford. but his latest displays have boosted his valuation at the etihad stadium.
petra wetzel, 40, is a divorcee who lives in Glasgow with her son, Noah, nine. she set up her own business, the WEST brewery, in 2006. her flagship beer, St Mungo lager, is stocked in 100 branches of waitrose. later this year she is opening a second brewery in Glasgow to cope with demand.
'i just felt like this story had to get out,' said a 21-year-old man named dustin smith. 'that's what gay guys do on gay sites, don't they?' he said. 'that's what gay guys do on gay sites, don't they?' he said.
to date, AP McCoy has 4,357 winning memories. to be a jockey is to live a life of denial, early nights, early mornings, water at the bar, long, hot baths to sweat out the weight that, in McCoy's case, lowered his sperm count. his children were born through IVF treatment.
the rap mogul was refused an appeal to have his bail reduced from $10 million to $5 million as he awaits trial for murder and attempted murder. despite walking confidently into court, he had to be carted out of court in a wheelchair as Judge Ronald coen rejected his pleas. but all is not lost for the co-creator of Death Row Records, who believes his close friend, the champion boxer, will come to his aid this weekend.
Michael and Rosalia Juskin had a 'history of domestic issues,' according to Bergen County prosecutor John L. Molinelli. a motive for the apparent murder-suicide on Sunday night had not yet been determined. a relative, who was not inside the home at the time of the killings, discovered the bodies Monday morning and called police.
former super middleweight champion Nigel Benn is back in the ring. the 51-year-old joined in a playful pad session with Ricky Hatton. he secured 22 straight knockouts in just over two years as a professional.
Cournswood house is in the south of the county – in ten acres of secluded woodlands in the picturesque village of North Dean. wartime naval cryptographer and Enigma codebreaker Dillwyn Knox bought it in 1921 and lived there until his death in 1943. the current owner, businesswoman Sharon Constancon, is related to the Leon family who once owned Bletchley Park.
a 34-year-old man has been charged with intoxication manslaughter, intoxicated assault and failure to stop and render aid involving death. he allegedly ran a red light on lockwood drive at around 6.3opm and slammed his Dodge pickup truck into a Honda Civic. he also allegedly struck and killed 61-year-old vagrant Leonard Batiste walking along Texas 5 Spur near the university of hawaii.
one of a number of inaccuracies spotted in the big budget adaptation of Hilary mantel's books. the codpieces were said to have been done so as not to offend and baffle the shows american audience. 'they're way too small to be accurate – they should be at least double the size,' said an expert.
micah Richards' contract at manchester city expires at the end of the season. the 26-year-old has been on loan at Serie a side fiorentina. the defender will be on the move again this summer.
Nicholas Tooth, 25, was playing for the Quirindi Lions against the Narrabri Blue Boars in mid-north NSW on Saturday. he collapsed after hitting his head on an opponent's shoulder during a tackle. he was treated at the ground before being airlifted to hospital in a critical condition but died late on Sunday. tributes have poured in for the young man, who had been living in Sydney while studying at the university.
Paige VanZant and Felice Herrig face off in the Octagon on saturday. the pair had to be separated after getting too close during the traditional staredown. vanZant has been hyped as the next big thing under the UFC banner.
former 2Day FM co-host has written an open letter to the media. she shot to notoriety in 2012 after a prank call during the duchess of cambridge's first pregnancy resulted in the death of the nurse who took the call. in the letter, she asks why the media continues to seek fresh angles for stories after seeing the consequences of her mistake.
the 21-year-old was declared the winner by lop-sided scores of 30-26, 30-26 and 30-27 in just her second fight in the promotion. vanZant is one of the few UFC athletes to be awarded an individual contract with Reebok.
the westham striker is currently overseas with a Hammers physio and his pregnant fiancee as he continues his recovery. however, the 26-year-old will not have a break over the summer. he will instead be working hard at the club's Chadwell Heath training ground.
chelsea beat manchester united 1-0 at stamford bridge on saturday. the blues had 70 per cent possession at the etihad stadium. manager jose mourinho has come under fire for his lack of possession.
more than 70 per cent of those who voted believe Manchester united will win the title next season. i conducted a poll on my radio show recently, and more than 70 per cent believe that van gaal is about to re-assert himself at the very top again. i love the fact he has set himself this huge challenge of resurrecting a fallen giant at the end of his career. van gaal cannot win the same number of trophies Sir Alex Ferguson picked up during his 27 year
the 16-year-old was pictured with former brazil international Ronaldo. the pair were pictured at the club's Valdebebas training complex. the norwegian signed a long-term £40,000 a week contract in January.
the 30-year-old was released by Shrewsbury and Tranmere in recent years. he scored the winner for inverness caledonian thistle in the semi-final. but what can we deduce about the state of Scottish football?
lioness was chasing giraffe in savannah in hwange national park, zimbabwe. but other lionesses were distracted by warthog and chased easier prey. the giraffe collapsed on the ground after the epic tussle.
the standard-issue Chevrolet Express police transport van does not have bolts. bolts are built into the door and don't stick out, according to a Chevrolet spokesman. if the Baltimore Police department customise their own vehicles, they could open themselves up to lawsuits from civil liberties lawyers. 'catastrophic' injuries were consistent with hitting a bolt 'in the back door of the van', according to report.
the 23-year-old started out at atletico madrid and is available for £6million. he has been capped at youth level by the spanish giants. the towering midfielder has made 84 appearances for the Serie A club.
pornographic cloud appeared last week in Zuccoli, 25km southeast of Darwin. labourer noeleen foster was thrilled to capture the pornographic precipitation.
some of the more comical adverts that graced newspapers and magazines in the latter half of the 20th century. with wide collars, precision-cut suits and intense expressions, the men in the ads have something of the Don Draper from hit series Mad Men.
a photo taken by photographer captures moment one officer threw rock back at protesters while his fellow cops looked on. video of one intense interaction between rioters and police showed a similar scene, though it's unclear whether the clip captured the same officer. fifteen police officers were injured in the clashes with angry mobs rioting over the death of Freddie gray. about 27 people have been arrested after looting local businesses and setting several buildings on fire.
what Jason Holder did in Antigua and Marlon Samuels managed here will do much for the culture Phil Simmons is trying to create. this is an era in which west indies are losing players to the easier option of the Indian Premier League. it is understandable because of the money that can be made there.
undefeated boxer claims he is just trying to get publicity for his fight. 'i don't take that dude seriously. he's just trying to get himself some publicity,' he says.
new Zealander Philip Lyle Hansen, 56, is accused of removing women’s teeth with pliers and a screwdriver during sex. he has pleaded not guilty to 11 charges, including unlawful sexual connection and charges of wounding with intent to injure four women between 1988 and 2011. a woman, 47, who was in a relationship with Hansen during the 1990s, told the court she never consented to Hansen pulling out her teeth but was too ‘afrai
the 31-year-old musician was filmed in front of missile launchers and burning buildings in the conflict-ravaged city of Benghazi. the city was seized by the hardline Islamist group ansar al-Sharia in July last year. fighting between the rebels and regime forces over the past few months have reduced much of the city to rubble.
the cost of maintenance and repairs to damaged public housing has hit $12 million a year in NSW alone. the state's new Community Services minister said it was a'very likely possibility' the plan would be implemented in the near future. he said he was alerted to the fact public housing tenants don't pay a bond when consulting with workers in the field.
former treasurer slams the Abbott government's approach to taxation. he cites a proposed bank deposit tax and a push for a greater contribution from multinational companies. he also slams the greens, saying using the tax system to re-distribute income would trap australians in poverty.
teana Walsh, an assistant prosecutor in Detroit, posted unhinged post on facebook. she said: 'i don't care what causes the protestors to turn violent...what the "they did it because" reason is... no way is this acceptable. Flipping disgusting' at least 15 people voiced their approval by 'liking' the comment. she later changed her mind about the post and deleted it - but not before enraged local attorneys recorded and shared the post.
couple had saved up for months for sun holiday at the sonesta beach resort. but within hours of arriving they became violently ill with sickness and diarrhoea. he has since developed Irritable Bowel Syndrome (ibs), a digestive complaint which he admits can leave him in crippling pain.
researchers studied stone tools that were used by people in the Early Ahmarian culture and the Protoaurignacian culture, living in south and west Europe and west Asia around 40,000 years ago. they found the human tools were no more effective than Neanderthal-created tools of the same era. researchers say the discovery means we may need to rethink the reasons humans survived Neanderthals.
two cranes, seven police cars, two fire engines and 11 medics were involved. the seven-hour operation involved two cranes, seven police cars, two fire engines and 11 medics. the 22-year-old, who weighs 55 stone, had to be lifted out of her home in Aberdare, south Wales, by a crane. she is an extreme manifestation of the obesity epidemic afflicting young people in the uk.
former army general Prabowo Subianto privately assured the president there would be no political consequences if the Bali Nine ringleaders were reprieved. he penned a letter to the president at the weekend in which he said if the president were to 'postpone the executions indefinitely', he would come out in support of the decision. independent senator Nick Xenophon said he was told earlier in the year by human rights advocates that Mr Prabowo was
earth's continents are slowly moving together, and in 50 to 200 million years they are expected to form a new supercontinent called Amasia. in 2012 a study suggested this may be centered on the North Pole. but new techniques are allowing experts to examine the changes like never before.
Manchester united scouts checked on porto striker Jackson Martinez last week. the 28-year-old wants to leave portugal this summer for around £30million. the striker scored in porto's 3-1 champions league win over Bayern.
Tesla founder unveils $3,000 (£1,980) home battery that can power an entire house for eight hours. Powerwall is three feet wide and four feet tall, weighs 220lbs, and can be installed either on an outside or inside wall of a home. it powers up overnight when electricity rates are cheaper. users can then switch the battery on during the day to use the home during the day.
England women's under 19s beat northern ireland 9-1 at seaview. young lions came from goal down to win at seaview. but defeat to norway could prove costly as they can only qualify for this summer's finals in israel.
alastair cook's innings into day three was spot on, particularly in the first hour. he left the ball outside off stump and made the bowlers come to him. but he was out playing Shannon Gabriel on for 76.
single mother-of-six toya Graham was caught on camera whacking her son. she pulled off his ski mask and chased him down the street as rioters clashed with police. her actions have drawn praise from moms across the country.
two incidents raise concerns about security of shipping lanes in the strategic Strait of Hormuz. first was revealed after Iranian guards seized MV Maersk Tigris this week. four Iranian patrol boats with country's elite Revolutionary Guards 'harassed a US-flagged merchant ship called the Maersk Kensington' as it moved along an established shipping route. just four days later, Iranian boats forced a Marshall Islands-flagged ship, the Maersk Tigris,
model, 65, models summer range for high street store. promises to update summer wardrobe with chic colour palette and prints. admits she has never had cosmetic surgery - but hasn't ruled it out.
queens park rangers host west brom at the etihad stadium on saturday. qpr manager Chris Ramsey believes that covert racism still exists in football boardrooms. the 52-year-old believes the implementing of a Rooney Rule could help raise awareness of the issue.
donatella, 59, is set to appear in a new ad campaign for rival design house Givenchy. she regularly appears in ads for her own design house, Versace, but this is the first time she is modeling for another designer.
former two-weight world champion was stopped at Dubai airport. he was accused of writing a cheque which bounced as payment for a new property. the 34-year-old also handed over his passport to authorities. he has not fought since defeating dereck Chisora in 2012.
Joe Root showed plenty of grit, as well as talent, in yet another big innings for England. the young batsman has bounced back from a difficult ashes tour to prove himself as a quality Test batsman. Root has been superb in his middle-order role, and should not be moved up the batting card.
the 20-year-old recently snubbed a new £100,000-a-week contract at anfield. he was snapped on social media with the picture captioned ‘1 down 3 to go’. one single shisha session is equal to smoking around 200 cigarettes.
ex-ole miss star jumped on revelations his boyfriend was arrested in a drugs bust. he tweeted: 'lol wassup with your boyfriend.' he was suspended in 2013 for failing a drugs test.
the serpent-like specimen was found by a local man at the entrance of the Otago Harbour, in Dunedin on Thursday. samples of the bizaree creature, known to swim vertically as well as self-amputate its own tail, were sent to see Otago Museum for testing.
anders Lindegaard married misse beqiri in a romantic beach wedding last year. the pair have been dating since 2012 and have a son together. the 31-year-old has struggled for minutes in the premier league.
the former cycling champion has said the world anti-doping agency and others are 'owed an apology' from him. but director general of the agency, David Howman, said this week that he was disappointed Armstrong hadn't apologised. howman initially indicted Armstrong but then backed off under advice from WADA lawyers.
former head of international cycling says he will fight any attempt to remove him as honorary president of the UCI. he has written to all board members saying he has put the'scandalously biased' report - which he calls a 'character assassination' - into the hands of lawyers. verbruggen rejects call from current UCI president to resign his honorary presidency.
Patrick Vieira is set to complete his UEFA Pro Licence this summer. he has been taking his coaching badges with the Welsh football association. the former arsenal man is one of the potential candidates to replace manuel pellegrini.
united lost 3-0 at home to everton in the premier league on sunday. the defeat was a reminder that they still have a long way to go. it's no surprise to those of us who can see his quality and importance. but without Michael carrick they look far more beatable. it would be a good idea for united to raid borussia Dortmund.
mesut ozil has been sublime in recent weeks but he didn't do enough against Chelsea. the german was fine but he didn't impact the game enough. ozil was tidy, nothing more, while he was a great player for arsenal. he needs to start performing to live up to his £42m tag.
chief executive Mike Coupe, 53, was convicted of embezzlement last month. former business partner amr el-nasharty accused him of trying to seize money. now a court has sentenced him to two years in an Egyptian jail.
carles puyol is said to be training ahead of a lucrative end-of-career spell. the 36-year-old retired last may after 15 years at his boyhood club. reports claim he could be set for a return to playing in either the us or Qatar.
the man, whose nickname is 'Che', was filming a documentary in snow-covered mountains. he was struck by a falling icicle, causing a collection of blood under the skin called a haemotoma. the blood formed a clot which caused a huge swelling and bruising, leaving him in pain and unable to walk. he decided to perform surgery on himself while lying in the snow.
rodgers has killed off Lambert's career and you've got to feel sorry for him. this time last year he was about to play at a world cup but his stock has fallen since. it must have been gutting for him to see Mario Balotelli get another chance.
researchers at Yahoo Labs in California have created a sensor that can recognise the shape of your ear or any other body part you want to access your device. bodyprint was devised by Christian Holz, Senaka Buthpitiya, and Marius Knaust from the California-based Yahoo Labs. details of its algorithm are included in their paper, Bodyprint: biometric user identification on mobile devices. the salt card is designed to end the tiresome task of manually unlocking a smartphone or tablet by automatically
SsangYong (korean for 'two dragons') is launching a new sporty five-door family runaround from under £13,000. it is powered by 1.6 litre Euro 6 petrol and diesel engines with six speed manual and automatic transmissions.
personal trainer, 25, stars in new ad for men's clothing brand, Jacamo. he is joined by professional cricketer, Freddie Flintoff, 37, as they model the latest collection of clothing for the brand's summer campaign.
tiny robots are being programmed to lift cars up to two tonnes in weight. they sneak up unnoticed and silently remove their target from the scene. the creepy machines are the creation of a european consortium led by the Democritus University of Thrace in Greece.
Progress M-27M appears to have suffered a major malfunction moments after launch at 3:09 am EDT (07:09 GMT) from Kazakhstan. it was due to dock with the ISS six hours after take off, but that plan has now been 'indefinitely abandoned'
Taline Gabrielian, 33, of Sydney's Northern Beaches, has recreated all the classic chocolate bars. the raw foodie has published the recipes through her best-selling food app, Hippie Lane. her top five favourites include Mars Bars, Snickers, Bounty, Twix and Cherry Ripe.
a pair of heart-shaped glasses belonging to Elton John have been found in a mailbox after they were stolen from the Memphis rock 'n' soul museum last week. the glasses, valued at more than $2,000, were taken out of a display case during business hours. the glasses were to be put back on display on wednesday.
the salt card is designed to end the tiresome task of manually unlocking a smartphone or tablet by automatically making it come to life whenever the user is nearby. it connects to an app on a user’s android handset or iPhone via Bluetooth and also tells them if they have strayed too far from their wallet. the credit card-sized gadget also locks devices again as soon as a user moves out of range at a distance of 10 feet (three metres)
Carl Froch was due to fight Julio Cesar Chavez Jr. in Las Vegas. but he was forced to withdraw due to a shoulder injury. he would be open to travelling to the u.s. to fight the Mexican.
spoof protein world ad was posted on the underground in london. it asked: 'are you beach body ready?' and was branded 'body-shaming'. transport for london are now removing the ad following complaints. internet pranksters have recreated the ad with curvy alternatives.
'laura I have a question for you' was played at the end of the fast and furious 7 trailers. italian-born Fabio, 30, proposed to his girlfriend Laura Knight, 29. the pair met while Laura was backpacking around Asia, ending up in australia.
researchers at the university of Arizona found the bombardier beetle mimics a machine gun by mixing chemicals in an internal'reaction chamber' in its stomach. when threatened, the diminutive bug can repeatedly fire streams of foul-smelling liquid from its rear, complete with 'gun smoke' this behaviour has been caught on camera by Wendy Moore and her colleagues.
the Rubber Bowl in Akron, Ohio, hosted acts like the Rolling Stones, Ringo Starr, Black Sabbath, Simon & Garfunkel, Alice Cooper, Bon Jovi, Van Halen and aretha Franklin. the stadium also served as the home of the University of Akron's football team, the Zips, for more than 65 years. the university purchased the title to the stadium from the city of Akron for $1 in 1971.
andre Ward has not fought since he beat Edwin Rodriguez on points in 2013. but he has failed in back-to-back challenges for Arthur Abraham's belt. the fight in Oakland, california, is not for Ward's super-middleweight title.
Jason Matthews, 40, left his black Saab 93 in a side street before the race. but when he finished the race he was unable to remember where he parked it. he spent hours searching for his car before enlisting the help of a taxi driver. he eventually had to give up and get a train back to his home in the Midlands. but his car has now been found safe and sound by a good Samaritan.
video footage shows the friendly feline named Kit letting the four newborn Chihuahuas nuzzle her fluffy belly. the pups were apparently discovered in a discarded shoe box on Tuesday afternoon and taken to the humane society for immediate treatment. a note on the cardboard container, left on a woman's car, indicated they were born last Friday and their mother had died.
the performance of Jimmy Anderson on the last morning of the second test was one of the greatest I have seen from an England cricketer. he did everything right as a bowler, catcher and fielder. it was botham-esque. the key to me in England going one-up was the captaincy and batting of Alastair Cook.
the 19-year-old was pictured taking so-called 'hippy crack' after a night out. he has become the third top flight starlet caught on camera inhaling nitrous oxide. winger inspired villa to FA Cup semi-final win over liverpool on sunday.
marathon runner stretches his muscles in front of spectator's barriers. he gets down on one knee and suddenly produces a ring from behind his back. his girlfriend, Kayleigh, stands back in shock as he beams up at her.
the prime minister was asked to have a drink by university of technology coach Simon Carradous. it appeared to take the Prime Minister about six seconds to down the schooner. players cheered and chanted'skol' and 'tony'
american woman bravely holds her rose hair spider up to the camera. tarantula digs its fangs into her skin and then pinches away at her hand. the spider's owner remains calm and holds her hand still for the spider.
officers searched an noor community centre and a man's home in wembley. businessman leslie cooper, 36, appeared in court charged with murder. another man was arrested over the death of imam Abdul Hadi arwani.
AP McCoy's last ever ride was on box office at Sandown on saturday. he will be a spectator for two days at the Punchestown festival. he will also be attending the wedding of one of wife's friends.
the cute calf had been taking a stroll through the bush with his mother. when the pair came across a dirt track road, the adult strolled on ahead. but when the baby elephant rushed to catch her up he appeared to get his leg caught in the grass. the clumsy little one stumbled as he stepped down onto the path and struggled to regain his balance. eventually he fell over and landed - trunk first - down in the mud.
AP McCoy has won nearly every big race in the calendar. his greatest feat has to be the immense tally of winners he has ridden. he outstrips 16-time darts world champion Phil Taylor by almost 200 weeks.
the custom-built Boeing 747 is believed to have cost its ultra-wealthy owner £400million. it was customised to fit his specifications exactly over a three-year period. jumbo jet would normally carry as many as 600 passengers - but this version was built for a single tycoon. it contains a large dining room where travellers can enjoy meals cooked in an adjoining kitchen.
defender writes his second column for sportsmail with the new MLS season well under way in the us. the 30-year-old discusses his family's visits to Portland, coming up against Orlando City's Brazilian star Kaka and the upcoming clash against fierce rivals Seattle Sounders. Portland beat Dallas 3-1 for our first victory of the season, which was especially pleasing as my children Luca and Eva were over visiting with my parents.
baby elephant shows off its playful side by trampling all over its mother. footage was captured on camera by a visitor to the ABQ BioPark Zoo. the 22-year-old Asian elephant remains incredibly docile.
police were investigating a call about a stolen car when they saw 25-year-old Alexia Christian sitting in the back of a patrol car in downtown Atlanta. witnesses said she fired at least two shots at the officers, and they returned fire, fatally wounding her. eyewitnesses said she must have somehow got one hand free to fire a gun.
lada's 4x4 Niva has won fans around the world thanks to its robust nature and chunky looks. it is a fraction of the price of a new Land Rover and also available in a compact van format (£10,590, excluding VAT and road tax) the upside of its simplicity is that the plastic interior is easy to mop down after a day in the mud.
a photograph has been snapped of a man-sized kangaroo hugging a soft toy bunny. the kangaroo is an alpha male at the Alice Springs Kangaroo Sanctuary. sanctuary manager Chris Barnes said he attempted to take the bunny off Roger but was met with hostility.
Jessica McCarty was arrested on march 20 and faces three counts of first-degree murder. her partner, Christopher Swist, was dating her at the time of the alleged killings. he coached the two oldest children in little league baseball.
Hector Morejon, 19, was shot by a Long Beach, California, police officer, who allegedly thought the 19-year-old was pointing a gun at him during a trespassing and vandalism incident. his mother, Lucia Morejon, was at home when she heard the shots. she went to an alley near her home to see what happened and then realized it was her son in the ambulance.
Arnold Palmer became the first man to birdie both the final two holes at Augusta National to win the Masters. he holed out for his second of four green jackets on the 18th green. a tee shot from the sand was so pure that it caught that famous downslope and rolled to within eight feet of the pin.
Stella, 24, was born in Belgium and was raised there until she was 13. moved around the world thanks to her father's job and started modelling. now splits her time between los angeles and new york.
'catastrophic' injuries consistent with hitting bolt 'in back door of van', sources say. 'no evidence' Freddie gray sustained fatal spine injury during arrest. he was standing in van, bent over, with head facing back door. it is believed he fell head-first into the door, breaking his neck. news comes hours after police admitted the van made a previously unreported stop.
videoed up-close, the fly is initially captured enjoying itself as it fastens its big tongue onto the beef steak and has a taste. Satisfied, it then goes to fly away home when suddenly it notices that it is stuck and a sense of panic sets in.
'saige is mad and she's moving on,' says five-year-old girl. her mother refuses to take the threat seriously and just laughs at her.
the Shanghai circuit held the inaugural Chinese Grand Prix in 2004 and has been home to the event ever since. the track layout is also a challenging design, with Herman Tilke ensures he gets his long straight and hairpin turn in. Jacques Villeneuve returned to the grid for the final three races of the season following the dismissal of Jarno Trulli.
Sakhir debuted in 2004 and is designed by Herman Tilke. it was the first country in the middle east to hold a f1 world championship. but it has been rocked by a number of issues in recent years.
Hamilton extends his lead in the formula one world championship to 27 points. the briton's third win in four races extends his lead to 27 points. his team-mate and team-mate Nico Rosberg finished second in Bahrain.
the 79th edition of the Masters takes place at augusta national golf club on saturday. sportsmail counts down the 20 greatest shots ever seen at the course. nos 20-11 include the likes of seve ballesteros, rory mcilroy and phil mickelson.
Lewis Hamilton wins the Chinese grand prix to extend his lead at the top of the drivers' championship. the british driver is 13 points clear at the top of the standings after claiming his fourth win of his career. he was second to his team-mate and feared he might be overtaken by his team-mate.
Zafar Ansari has been called up to the ODI squad for the clash with Ireland. the 23-year-old graduated from the university with a double first in politics and sociology. he is halfway through a 40,000-word masters on the 1960s civil rights movement in the american south.
former arsenal flop Nicklas Bendtner was dropped from the Wolfsburg squad. the 27-year-old turned up late for training on friday. dieter Hecking said he would have started if he hadn't turned up.
family at Omaha's Henry Doorley zoo filmed beating their chest at gorilla. but the huge animal decides enough is enough and runs at onlookers. he launches himself and his hundreds of pounds at pane of glass. the glass cracks on impact, sending the family fleeing to safety.
Bournemouth are considering expanding the capacity of their 12,000-seater Goldsands Stadium. the away contingent are currently crammed into a corner between the South Stand and the East Stand. manager Eddie Howe is reluctant to change the position of the away fans to behind one of the goals.
the new gingham design is the first offering from US sports brand new balance. it is the first offering from the brand to replace sister company Warrior as Liverpool's suppliers. the message was 'Hold Nothing Back' as sterling, Daniel Sturridge, Martin Skrtel and Simon Mignolet unveiled the new strip.
liverpool have become the first club to release their new kit for the 2015-16 season. the reds have had their kit manufactured by Warrior for three seasons. sportsmail picks out its five favourites from over the years.
the club are expected to jet across the Atlantic in July for a trip of around 12 days. the current deal with adidas runs until the end of July. there is no buy-out agreement that would allow the club to exit the agreement early.
west ham have announced a new five-year kit deal with umbro. the former england kit makers will supply their kits starting next season. west ham last wore an umbro strip between 2007 and 2010.
Newcastle fans have been encouraged to stand up in protest against owner Mike Ashley's running of the club. fans boycotted last Sunday's 3-1 defeat at home to spurs, which saw at least 10,000 supporters stay away. now they are encouraging fans to 'Stand Up To Ashley' this weekend.
stale bread can be revived by running it under water before baking. the trick works because the water turns to steam, which rehydrates the bread’s crumb, or interior, while the heat of the oven firms up the crust.
the premier league giants have agreed to a four-game pre-season tour of the united states. they will face club America, San Jose Earthquakes, Barcelona and PSG. united's shirt sponsors Chevrolet are keen for the club to visit the far east.
Ben Stokes has forged a reputation as a fiery character in the team. he clashed with marlon Samuels during the second test against west indies. but he responded positively to the row after talking to coach Peter Moores.
the blues will play the french side in a friendly in north carolina on July 25. they will also face the new york red bulls on July 22 and the spanish giants Barcelona six days later in Washington. all four matches mark Chelsea’s participation in this summer’s pre-season International Champions Cup.
the most searched for term globally is HIV and AIDS. followed by herpes and then human papilloma Virus (HPV) chlamydia is the most commonly diagnosed STD in the uk. in the us herpes was the most searched for term across the country.
i can't remember anyone saying what kaka did was a 'disgrace'. i can't remember him being mocked or ridiculed for his faith. i can't remember anyone saying such shows of religious devotion were out of place at a football match.
the only black manager in the premier league is a fine coach. if he is sacked, people will say it was about results, not race. but race was why he had to take the job in the first place. if he is sacked, people will say it was about results, not race.
pay-per-view watchers in the us will have to pay up to $100 (£67.48) to watch the fight. andre Ward is set to make his overdue ring comeback in his hometown on June 20.
71-year-old was famously married to both George Harrison and Eric Clapton. she wed for the third time with property developer rod weston. the couple have been together almost 25 years.
the 20-year-old has been labelled an ingrate and a fool. he has been called avaricious, capricious, disloyal and impressionable. he has more than two years left on his existing contract. he wants to wait until the end of the season, he says.
british boxer Kell Brook will defend his world welterweight title against fellow american Frankie Gavin at wembley stadium on may 20. the fight could have taken place if only his promoter had toned it down. 'he keeps shouting about how much the fight is worth but i don't care about the money. for Amir it's more about the big fights and his status in boxing,' says father Shah.
boxing's undisputed world champion will take on pacquiao on saturday. he has spent his adult life over-compensating for the deprivation he once knew. the mouthguard he will wear will cost $25,000 and is inlaid with a $100 bill. he has faced a string of accusations of violence against women.
Jimmy Anderson needs just three wickets to go level with sir Ian Botham. 'wouldn’t say boo to a goose' says former county captain Warren Hegg. he surprised his new colleagues by bowling fast and shaping it away.
John Terry is enjoying some of the best football of his career. the 34-year-old defender is in a real purple patch and his reading of the game is better than ever. his decision-making is excellent and he waits for the perfect moment to get involved. if welbeck had played through the middle his pace could have unsettled Chelsea.
arsene wenger's philosophy has made arsenal popular throughout the world. but on sunday, he is up against the ultimate pragmatist - jose mourinho. wenger always aims to win but he still cares about the brand of football played.
Sami Khedira is being courted by several clubs including manchester united and Chelsea. the german has not played as often as he would have liked at real madrid. the 28-year-old's representatives have spoken to Schalke on a number of occasions.
Paris Saint-Germain have opened primary discussions with Paul Pogba. the italian champions were kept informed even though no formal offer has yet been made to the club for the former juve star. sevilla are weighing up a return for 29-year-old winger Jesus Navas.
fans will be charged for admission to a weigh-in for Floyd Mayweather and Manny Pacquiao. the formality for checking that combatants weigh no more than the stipulated poundage for each division started to become an event in its own right in 2007. 30,000 of the Manchester hitman's army followed him across the Atlantic and thousands of them turned up for the weigh-in.
a few months ago i would have been happy with premier league survival. now they have a chance to write the next chapter. manager Tim Sherwood has invigorated the side.
ander Herrera's form at manchester united has not gone unnoticed at barcelona. the spanish side have a long-held interest in the 25-year-old. he has impressed at real Sociedad and Athletic Bilbao.
'relevo' in this context is like'relief' — as in the armed forces term for the relief watch. the natural place to look for fresh, young, well-drilled recruits ready to take on the world is in the Academy graduates.'relevo' is like'relief' — as in the armed forces term for the relief watch.
the home side are Ligue 1 top scorers, two points behind the visitors who are leaders and have won seven of France’s last eight Classique matches. this fixture guarantees ferocity. culturally, socially and historically, there is deep enmity. but it is also a contest which pitches Marseille’s ultra-eccentric, ‘is he a fraud/is he a genius?’ coach, Marcelo Bielsa, right where he wants to be.
manuel pellegrini faces a nervous wait to see if he keeps his job at city. Patrick Vieira captained the gunners during their time together at highbury. he was a ferocious competitor on the pitch but off it he is a class act. he is intelligent, well-balanced and has a burning desire to win.
'if you want to be a top athlete you don't want that in your body'. 'if you want to be a top athlete you don't want that in your body'. 'if you want to be a top athlete you don't want that in your body'.
it's hot or not time again as Ian Ladyman reveals what's been making him feel warm and what's been leaving him cold inside. FC PORTO's slaying of Bayern Munich was achieved against a backdrop of fans draped in co-ordinated blue and white. steve davison failed to qualify for the world championships at the age of 57.
the latest instalment of the classic managerial match-up is no capital club sprint, it's a London derby marathon. once the actual race was run, all roads led to the Emirates and a Sky Sports team all set to act as pacemaker for the afternoon. both bosses were far from being in a combative mood in their pre match interviews.
the official word from Arsenal is that Jack Wilshere is not for sale at the end of the season. he is a product of the fabled Hale End academy and an example to young recruits that it is possible to make a first-team breakthrough. Wilshere will sit with his influential father, Andy, at the end of the season to discuss whether a move to city would enhance his career. the 23-year-old is on the list of Txiki Begiristain
it's hot or not time again as Ian Ladyman reveals what's been making him warm this week and what's been leaving him cold inside. a Neville takes charge of England and it's not looking good for the Rickies. the future of test cricket could be in line for a change now that ECB chief Colin Graves is in charge.
IAN LADYMAN reveals what's been making him feel warm this week. defender has been at the forefront of manchester united's resurgence. england's 'constipated' batsmen were given'some syrup of figs' in the west indies.
real madrid have lost almost one out of every three matches in 2015. ancelotti has already lost to atletico madrid four times in a season. he is a black smudge on the club's pristine-white history.
Diego Torres's book, 'The Special One - The Secret World of Jose Mourinho', goes a long way to understanding the practices of Chelsea's manager. the exchanges between Mourinho and Cristiano Ronaldo in the dressing room at Real Madrid start on page 138. here is an abridged version of the alleged events in the team meeting before the second leg of the 2011 Champions League semi-final against Barcelona.
Harry Redknapp joined BT Sport presenter Jake Humphrey for live broadcast of arsenal vs liverpool on saturday. redknapp was in fine form as pundit for the game at the Emirates. the england winger said he 'needs to sign his contract. get on with his football'.
Charley Hull is the best teenage golfer in the world. the 19-year-old possesses the same 'wow' factor as world no 1 Rory McIlroy. the teenager is keen to know everything about the course, from the historic role of the celebrated lighthouse to the war memorial.
wembley was a great setting for this weekend's two FA Cup semi-final clashes. the first clash on Saturday between Arsenal and Reading clashed with the big premier league game between Chelsea and Manchester united. the second game was a real sporting event, a real footballing occasion.
new Masters champion shows his commitment to the sport. he flew to south carolina to play his fourth event in a row. he also committed to two tournaments in his home state next month.
gareth bale has said he wants to stay at real madrid. but sources in spain suggest the club could be willing to sell him. the complex politics at the club mean that bale could be traded to help finance the inevitable signing of at least one platinum player.
'you're getting the hang of this commentary lark,' cooed Martin Tyler. 'Smalling has scored. It's a mauling for City,' co-commentator Gary Neville said. 'we've got a proper game of football here,' he extolled right from the get go.
Jordan Spieth won the 79th Masters at augusta on sunday. the 21-year-old won his first major title at the prestigious event. he was greeted by dignitaries and his father, mother, brother and friends. he made jokes about his receding hairline and dislikes being asked why he comes across as humble.
a potential domestic auction could be sparked for the purchase of sterling. liverpool have put a £50million price tag on the 20-year-old if they opt to sell. the other two will focus on trying to persuade bale to leave real madrid.
Tiger Woods returned to action at augusta national golf club. he was making his first public appearance in 60 days since announcing a hiatus from golf. he hit 16 chips from the front and right of the green and most finished close to the tee pegs that signified the imaginary holes.
the 20-year-old is entitled to 'buy-out' the last year of his contract. the effect of that would see his value drop by up to £25million. it is understood the reds value sterling as high as £50million. but if he had only one year left on his contract that fee would be reduced.
Nico Rosberg finished second to team-mate Lewis Hamilton in china. the german blamed the team-mate for slowing down and bunching him up as the attacking Ferrari of Sebastian Vettel closed in. but his attitude seems to have changed in the aftermath of his crash with Hamilton in Spa last august.
keeper appeared to congratulate sunderland striker Defoe at half-time. sportsmail's Jamie Carragher criticised Krul for his actions. he said: 'there is no more appropriate place for sportsmanship'
arsene wenger's side are 10 points clear at the top of the premier league. the gunners have a different feel to their form and performances this season. the spine of their team is much stronger than at any point last season.
whoever wins will have plenty of tactical voting to thank. Eden Hazard is the hot favourite to win the award. de Gea and Kane are also favourites to win the award.
howe is the opposite to Mourinho, says howe. he is peaceful during a game, relaxed, quiet and controlled. the 37-year-old's extrovert assistant, Jason Tindall, provides the instructions and the demands.
Owen scored a hat-trick in a 3-3 draw with Sheffield Wednesday on february 14, 1998. he was the new kid on the block in the premier league. Owen scored 18 goals in 36 appearances in 1997-98.
Memphis Depay scored his 20th goal of the season to secure the title. the 21-year-old is the top goalscorer in the eredivisie, without even being PSV's main forward. depay could look for a move to old trafford this summer.
manchester united had four different scorers against city on sunday. angel di mari, marcos rojo, marouane fellaini and ashley young have proved their worth. louis van gaal doesn’t care about names — he wants to pick the right person at the right time and give everyone a chance. the only potential problem would be a Michael carrick injury.
aston villa beat liverpool 1-0 at wembley in the premier league on sunday. jack grealish and fabian delph impressed for the villa side. delph is quick but has a languid style like former liverpool star Steve McManaman. he sends defenders so far the other way they almost have to pay to get in.
sportsmail's Jamie Redknapp picks his top five goals of the weekend. from Defoe's volley in the Tyne-Wear derby on Sunday to Charlie Adam's audacious long-range effort against Chelsea on Saturday, there's plenty to choose from.
Martin 'Mad Dog' Allen returns with his latest column for sportsmail. the barnet manager talks about how important it is for troops to follow order during this crucial stage of the season. at whatever level it’s always important to have all your players going in one direction.
Scott Quigg is desperate to fight Carl Frampton and has offered him £1.5million. he will fight on July 18 at the manchester arena. promoter Eddie Hearn produced a cheque for £1.5million live on television on tuesday.
defending crosses has been their Achilles heel this season. defending crosses has been their Achilles heel this season. aston villa take on liverpool in the semi-final on sunday.
olivier giroud faces KOLO TOURE/MAMADOU SAKHO on saturday. defenders kolo toure and mamadou Sakho are in contention to replace Martin Skrtel. per mertesacker is expected to start against alan pardew's side.
samburgess is set to start at blindside flanker for the second time. he is still adapting to the 15-man code with his ball-carrying technique coming under scrutiny. he has found that he has not given up on a centre spot in his future.
carrick has been unappreciated in this country. the 34-year-old keeps the game simple in midfield. if he were manager, that's just what he'd do.
people have been quick to criticise Mesut Ozil, but he is worth paying to watch when he's at his best. you don't become a real madrid hero or win the world cup without being something special. the german set up a goal every 241.9 minutes in the PL, the seventh-best tally in the competition's history.
Carl Froch has not fought since beating George Groves at wembley last may. he had hoped to meet Julio Cesar Chavez Jr, but he lost to Andrzej Fonfara last week. there are three big fights coming up in the next two months.
the 'campaign' continues in the premier league when it comes to penalties. chelsea had four appeals for penalties in the first half. but it was clear that the referee was only going to award a penalty. he was more decisive when he booked Cesc Fabregas for diving.
richie Benaud was one of cricket's great personalities. he was the first cricketer to score 2,000 runs and take 200 wickets in Tests. he will be remembered for his dry wit and knowledge of cricket.
UEFA have ordered the final 18 seconds of the european women's under 19 championship qualifier between England and Norway to be replayed following a refereeing error. back in 2005 a Japanese referee incorrectly awarded an indirect free-kick to Bahrain after the Uzbeks had encroached at their penalty kick when 1-0 up. this happened in the 38th minute and FIFA ordered that the entire match be replayed which did not please either team.
Scott Dann was a fraction offside when he set up Glenn Murray for Palace's first goal (2). but it would be harsh to put too much blame on assistant John Brooks. Dann was spot on with two equally tight calls before Dann got the ball (1) and for Murray's finish (3).
australia have dropped the ridiculous policy of not selecting their best players if they are playing overseas. it leaves England looking old-fashioned and they need to react. the same needs to apply to rugby. the world cup is simply about the world’s best coming together.
toulon flanker Steffon armitage has been one of the standout forwards in Europe in recent seasons. the 'exceptional circumstances' clause could cause major problems for the club game in this country if there is no restriction. conor O'Shea believes the clause could cause major problems for the club game in this country.
cause of Causes was second at the 2014 Cheltenham Festival. he landed the four-mile national hunt chase at last month’s meeting. he is ridden by a grand national winning jockey in Paul Carberry.
defenders chambers, dier and stones have all enjoyed excellent campaigns. defenders chambers and stones are still 20 and dier is 21. all three have had a taste of playing at full back.
aston villa face spurs at white hart lane on saturday afternoon. manager Tim Sherwood is a passionate man but he can't afford to let things get personal. sherwood was in charge of the youth set-up for years but was not trusted with the job long-term.
Tony McCoy announced his intention to retire in february. the 20-times champion jockey has enjoyed a farewell tour up and down the country as well as travelling over to Ireland. the response to his retirement announcement has made his final months in the saddle easier.
at the end of March, Leicester were bottom of the table with 19 points. they face fellow relegation battlers burnley on saturday. if a player is not being pushed it's easy for them to shift responsibility.
the 23-year-old wing rejected a new deal with the blues and NZRU in favour of a season in Belfast, in 2016-17. the deal is a bold endorsement of Ulster’s ambition and also a boost to the wider Celtic game, below Test level.
AP McCoy was presented with the champion jockey trophy by Ian Wright. the 40-year-old is an arsenal fanatic.
former real madrid ace Kaka scored a penalty in the second-half. larin reacted quickest to chest home the delivery of Kevin Molino. kaka sealed the win with a penalty in the closing stages.
Adam Gemili says Usain Bolt is a joker on the circuit and gives great advice. the young british athlete says he is nowhere near Bolt's standard at the moment but it could be his time soon. gemili has announced his participation in the Sainsbury's anniversary games this summer.
sportsmail's road to Rio cyclist has been out injured for a year. but she's finally on the verge of a return to regular training. the british cyclist is in her last week of rehab, then will transfer to normal training and introduce more cycling into her routine.
AP McCoy will race at Sandown on Saturday for the last time before retiring. the jockey has been a dominant force in his sport for 20 years. he has two rides before he retires after a successful career.
Bournemouth promoted to second in the premier league on monday. promotion means arsenal will start season in second place for the first time in 100 years. the south coast club will start next season behind the south coast club by a full 12 letters.
AP McCoy was reduced to tears as he paraded in front of the grandstand after finishing third on Box Office in his last-ever race. the peerless champion jockey predicted someone will break his multitude of records. he said: 'i just hope I am dead when they do'
AP McCoy is retiring from racing at the end of his 20-year career. the 15-year-old left his home in moneyglass, county Antrim, to head to the respected but strict regime of an apprentice jockey’s life at the stable of Jim Bolger in County Kilkenny. 'it will be emotional in one way and relief in another. I’ll be glad and I will be sorry too,' says his mum.
AP McCoy has two final rides at Sandown on sunday. the 40-year-old insists he will never return to professional racing. he is adamant his rides on Mr Mole and finally the appropriately named Box Office will be the last in his career.
palermo president Maurizio Zamparini has slapped a €50million (£36m) price tag on Paulo Dybala. a bidding war is set to break out over the argentine. 'for me, he is the new Lionel Messi. today, how much would you pay for him? €200m (£143m)? €300m (£215m)?'.
in the corridors of power, Samantha Cameron, Justine Miliband and Miriam Clegg proved once again that they are the ones who wear the trousers, in more ways than one. the only accessory missing were their welfare caps, which they must have left at home.
Asiana Airlines flight OZ162 made a tailstrike and skidded off the runway. there were believed to be 74 passengers and seven crew members. the plane spun 180 degrees after impact to be left facing the wrong way. the airport has been closed as a result of the crash.
arsenal drew 0-0 with Chelsea in the premier league on sunday. striker Olivier Giroud has scored 18 goals for the gunners this season. the frenchman gets annoyed with people commenting on his slick appearance.
state-backed giant lurched to a £446million loss for the first three months of the year. it comes after it was forced to put aside £856million to cover lawsuits.
theo Walcott believes arsenal have been the 'best team in Europe' this season. the 26-year-old has struggled to maintain a first team place under arsene wenger. the gunners drew 0-0 with Chelsea at the Emirates stadium on sunday.
Thierry Henry believes arsenal need a 'top quality striker' to win the title. he questioned whether the gunners can win the title with Giroud in attack. coquelin insists the frenchman is worthy of his place in the first team.
fiorentina ace Mario Gomez opened the scoring in the 43rd minute. substitute Juan Vargas equalised for the home side in the 90th minute. a rash decision by referee Jonas Eriksson made it impossible for the home side to qualify for the next round.
rickets is caused by a deficiency in vitamin D and is a scourge of Victorian Britain. it was virtually eradicated after the second world war but is returning. chief medical officer Dame Sally Davies has ordered a cost review into giving all under-fours free vitamin D supplements.
arsenal face burnley at the etihad stadium on saturday in premier league. arsene wenger is keen on signing england international Jack Wilshere. but wenger insists the gunners are not in a position to sell their best players. wenger has been handed a quadruple fitness boost ahead of the game.
the attraction, at Fancesa limestone quarry in Sucre, Bolivia, comprises some 462 trails made up of 5,055 prints. it is the result of tectonic activity forcing earth upwards. the wall, which is the largest dinosaur trackway in the world, is approximately 390 feet (120 metres) tall and features tracks made by at least eight species of dinosaurs. some of them are more than a metre in length, indicating the size of some of the vast beasts that roamed the
Ravel Morrison posted a picture of himself posing in his new lazio bathrobe. the 22-year-old was released from his last contract at westham. he has signed a pre-contract agreement with the serie a side ahead of next season.
snaps of a cat playing with a mouse on a roof in shepton mallet, Somerset, illustrate the perils the tiny rodents face. ironically the pet cat's name is Mouse.
US researchers claim that exact prices of goods on eBay attract higher offers than round numbers. sellers who end their price with ‘00’ typically receive offers that are five to eight per cent lower than those with more specific prices.
super sub Yevhen Shakhov nets late winner for dnipro. stalemate took them to 11 without loss since opening game of group stage. yheven konoplyanka was a constant threat down the left.
the 6,825-tonne ferry sank off the southwest coast on April 16 last year, killing 304 people. most of the victims were teenagers who were en route to a southern island for a school trip. a district court had ordered him to serve 36 years in prison for negligence and abandoning passengers aboard the ferry. but today an appellate court convicted him of homicide by account of his 'willful negligence'
the we are handsome Mercedes-Benz Fashion Week Australia show was held at white city tennis club in paddington. former Commonwealth Games pole vaulter Amanda Bisk, Australian Ballet star Juliette Burnett, and Yogi and Instagram star Sjana Earp wowed the crowds.
defending champions sevilla into the last four of the european competition. keeper beto gave the holders a two-goal lead in the first half. but keeper Kevin Gameiro saved his blushes with a late equaliser.
the fossil belongs to a small dinosaur thought to have lived 160 million years ago. it had stiff feathers on its body and long finger-like bones extending from each wrist that were covered in a membrane like a bat’s wing. scientists believe the dinosaur, which they have named Yi qi, meaning ‘strange wing’, may have glided or even flown through the air. discovery provides new insight into how vertebrates first began to take to the air.
the Visa Restrictions Index analyses countries ability to travel visa-free. the latest results were based on results from results from may 20, 2014. countries such as north Korea and possibly Cuba could take the bottom spots for the most restricted travel freedom.
Jaysh al-Islam - or Army of Islam - 'commands as many as 25,000 loyal fighters' it operates in the embattled Syrian city of Damascus and is reportedly funded by the wealthy nation of Saudi Arabia. 'leaders of the mujahidin' show off array of skills including close-range combat. group is fierce enemy of both al-Qaeda and al-Nusra front, as well as 'jabhat al-Nusra'
serena Williams beats 12th seed Carla Suarez Navarro 6-2 6-0 in the final. the world no 1 claimed her eighth title in 14 years at the florida open. she dedicated the title to her father and paid tribute to her father.
australian designer Akira Isogawa sent models down the runway with faces covered in sequins at his show at Mercedes-Benz Fashion Week.
leading data mining firm, which has asked to remain anonymous, claims that between 20 and 50 social media accounts active in Baltimore on Monday were also used 825 miles away in Ferguson. the firm said the link suggests the presence of 'professional protesters' or anarchists who are in Baltimore and are looking to take advantage of Freddie Gray's death to incite more violence. not all the accounts called for outright violence, but at the very least, the tweets were menacing and ominous.
female wolf spider scuttles across kitchen floor in hallett cove, south australia. man squashes the hairy beast with a broom to get rid of the hairy beast. after a few more whacks hundreds of baby spiders appear on the floor.
puffin spotted swimming in the canal after apparently flying into London. more commonly seen in Iceland and the northatlantic, it was spotted near the a4 flyover at Brentford. bird was given some fish and wrapped in a blanket before being handed to a specialist centre in Dorset to recuperate.
Neymar opened the scoring in the 14th minute with a header from a Dani Alves cross. the result sees Barcelona reach the champions league semi-finals on aggregate. it was the first time the two sides have met in the competition.
'i was expected to do everything perfectly. I was never given any leeway. I was never given any leeway, to make a mistake and learn from it,' he told the court. he was 12 when he was found in the basement of his family's Detroit townhouse last June following an 11-day search. police officers who dramatically rescued the youngster also found a blanket, cereal box, drinks bottles and a bowl of chicken bones in the tiny room. bothuell and
serena Williams beats italian Sara Errani 4-6, 7-6 (3), 6-3 in a Fed Cup play-off. the win gives the united states a 2-1 lead in the best-of-five series. but she committed nearly three times as many unforced errors as the 15th-ranked Errani.
Mirko 'Cro Cop' Filipovic stopped Gabriel Gonzaga in the third round. he had not fought in the ufc since 2011. he finished the job with his elbows before the referee stepped in.
tennis star Eugenie Bouchard crashed out of the Miami Open at Indian Wells. the 21-year-old was reduced to tears after losing to world no 85 Lesia Tsurenko. the rising star posed for pictures with fellow Canadian and Olympic medalist Walsh Jennings and had a hit with sports Illustrated cover model Hannah Ward.
Anastasia Pavlyuchenkova beat Sabine Lisicki 4-6, 7-6 (4), 6-3. Pavlyuchenkova saved a match point in the second set. the result leaves Russia on the brink of making the final.
a preliminary ruling from the Muskingum County coroner on Monday said the baby found at Muskingum University campus was nearly full term when she was born. the child's mother is a student at the small school in new concord, authorities said last week, but they have refused to release her name. a university police officer called the sheriff’s office at around 9pm on Wednesday after he reported seeing a dead newborn outside the building. the body was inside a plastic bag in the garbage can,
Chad Geyen, a married father of two from Ramsey, Minnesota, was found dead on Sunday from a self-inflicted gunshot wound at a park near his home. he had been accused of assaulting at least six boys hundreds of times, including his own foster son, between 1990 and 2013. of the six individuals who have come forward, four are now adults, with the oldest saying the abuse began between him and Geyen when he was part of the big brothers organization.
serena has a win record of 17-0 since the start of the year. the world no 1 is still ahead of the rest of the field by a country mile. if she wins on Saturday she will have earned £4.33m already this season.
ISIS jihadis were fighting local groups in the Hammam al-Alil area. several of them sustained injuries requiring medical treatment. when doctors refused on grounds they do not support terror group's activities, they were brutally murdered. news comes as jihadis reportedly executed 60 sunni tribal fighters.
the 25-year-old will start on the wing for Gloucester at the Stoop on friday. he has lost his place in the starting line-up after being dropped by the england side. a mother who taught sheeran to play the guitar has never been a problem.
serena Williams defeated camila Giorgi 7-6 (5), 6-2 to give the us a 1-0 lead. the win gives the us a 1-0 lead over Italy in a Fed Cup playoff. the only blemish on Williams' record this year came when she withdrew last month with a knee injury.
petra Kvitova beat Caroline Garcia 6-4, 6-4 to send the Czechs into the final. the defending champions have been in four finals in five years. the Czechs will face Germany or Russia in the final in November.
'we strongly suspect that there has been underwater activity that does not belong there,' says finnish defence minister. the navy said it noticed an underwater target yesterday and again this morning and fired some warning charges the size of grenades. the incident comes just months after Sweden suspected Russia of sending a vessel into waters close to the capital Stockholm.
the 42nd PFA Awards were held at the Grosvenor house in london. the players were dressed to the nines ahead of the ceremony. the players arrived dressed to the nines with girlfriend Kate Gooders.
sickening new video appears to show at least 30 Ethiopian Christians being beheaded. at least 16 men are lined up and shot in a desert area by militants. 12 others are forced to walk down a beach before being beheaded. comes after another video showed beheading of a group of 21 coptic Christians.
500ft-long submarine caught fire at shipyard in severodvinsk, on white sea. defence sources said weapons and critical elements of nuclear reactor removed. move taken after reports that emergency was already over.
Craig Davies scored a brace to ensure his side claimed all three points. Eidur Gudjohnsen opened the scoring for the hosts in the 55th minute. Emile Heskey added two assists for the hosts in the 73rd minute.
Novak Djokovic beats Rafael Nadal 6-3, 6-3 to reach the final. the world no 1 is bidding to win his third Masters title in a row. he will face sixth seed tomas Berdych in the final on sunday.
Gloucester fly-half has won 77 test caps for his country. hook has made just two starts for the england side since 2011. hook says he is focusing on what he needs to do with club side Gloucester.
gruesome images show a man being led out of a van handcuffed and blindfolded before he is executed by a masked man wielding a meat cleaver. his beheading is believed to have taken place in Hama in Syria. follows a video released by ISIS which warns 'america will burn' and threatens a repeat of the 9/11 atrocity.
the Whole Pantry founder is still being investigated over claims she faked her cancer battles. one of the charges being considered was obtaining financial advantage by deception, but it had been dropped. consumer affairs Victoria said the investigation is continuing. it comes after she admitted her terminal cancer may have been'misdiagnosed'
four girls live in Apartment 4 of Building B of the Campus West Apartments near Grand Valley State university in Michigan. one of the girls threw a lit firework at a roommate; the firework landed in a laundry hamper, setting the contents on fire. no one was hurt, and the girl is not expected to face charges.
military leaders in Norway are nervous about neighbour's presence on its coastline. fears have once again peaked after three Russian warships spent winter docked. Olavsvern Naval Base has been closed since 2009.
the username was discovered after analysis of a tablet computer found at his home. investigators also found search terms for disorders such as 'bipolar' and'manic depressive' european regulators warned german aviation authority of inadequacies.
the hot cross buns used to be eaten all year round until queen Elizabeth I tried to ban them. the move was greeted with uproar, so she compromised, saying they could only be sold on Good Friday, at Christmas and for burials. supermarkets bring out ever more permutations to tempt customers, from miniature sizes to new flavours like toffee fudge chunk and apple and cinnamon.
insurers dodging rules that ban them from charging female drivers less. they offer lower premiums to motorists who have jobs done mainly by women. costs have plunged for young dental nurses and social workers. insurers have pushed up bills for young drivers who are likely to be male.
DelRea Good, 52, of Portage, Indiana was charged with resisting arrest because she hit the brakes for Porter County Sheriff's Department Patrolman William Marshall about a half a mile down the road. Good was speeding and was driving at 54 mph in a 35 mph zone at 11:21 p.m. Good says that when she was ordered to pull over, she put on her emergency flashers, and waved her hand out the window to let the cop know that she was aware of his presence
'power bar' will be swapped for a fully charged one at any EE shop. customers will be able to spend four hours charging up their phones at home.
scientists have used a telescope in the new mexico desert to watch a star take shape over eight years. the first image was taken with the Karl G. Jansky Very Large Array in 1996. the second was taken by an international team led by the National Autonomous University of Mexico (UNAM)
alcohol changes genes in brain cells, which stop cells developing connections. this puts teenagers at risk of anxiety disorders and alcoholism. but researchers discovered a cancer drug may reverse the damage.
the couple spent part of their trip staying with sugar barons alfy and pepe fanjul at Casa de Campo, a private Dominican resort they own. the resort is at the center of criminal allegations now dogging a democratic U.S. senator. federal prosecutors charged NEw jersey senator Bob Menendez with corruption in a 14-count indictment. he is accused of accepting money and trips from wealthy donor Dr. Salomon Melgen in exchange for the influence of his office
the quarterback updated his facebook page on Wednesday with a picture of himself lying in a hospital bed in plaster casts from head to toe. he had shared a video on Saturday of himself jumping off a cliff into a river during the NFL offseason. on his bodycast pic on Wednesday, he wrote: 'Jordan's crossover no joke!'
the coffee giant is being probed by the european commission over methods it used to lower its tax bills. details emerged about the UK company at the heart of the probe focusing on sweetheart tax deals between Starbucks and the Dutch government. it is now claimed the company used a defunct British entity to put hefty sums from its Netherlands division into the uk.
the unofficial 2012 paperback book was revealed by a plaintiff in a lawsuit filed by four sexual-assault victims. the complaint alleges some of the most disturbing content is found in the songbooks of the 55th, 77th, and 79th fighter squadrons. the 130-page songbook contains 70 songs with titles including Pubic Hair, The Kotex Song and Bestiality.
a red dodge durango swerves erratically towards the school bus at 8.20am. it crashes into an SUV on the right side of the road then ricochets across the median. five of the 36 7th grade pupils were hospitalized with minor injuries. the 44-year-old driver of the SUV, who allegedly has a history of seizures, had to be cut out of the wreckage. police are investigating whether the driver had a seizure before or during the
sex offender, 37, uploaded pictures of himself in australia to facebook. he had been on the run for a year when he was jailed for sexually assaulting two women. he was supposed to be laying low in Sydney before moving to Canberra. but he couldn't resist showing off his new life to his 739 facebook friends. he boasted about his carefree bachelor lifestyle, saying he wanted to meet women.
artist Joe Joiner, whose great-grandmother died after being exposed to asbestos while working at a factory, has created a moving new art installation in tribute. over 50 families have contributed heartfelt messages to the artwork, which is made up of two huge glass boxes. the artwork is made up of two huge glass boxes, inside which the messages float around representing a breathing pair of lungs.
party originally planned for Mr Farage to mention number of foreign patients suffering from tuberculosis, in leaders debates. but when it was discovered that the antiretroviral drugs to treat people with HIV were more expensive, a decision was taken to use that example instead. he said of 7,000 diagnosed with HIV, 60 per cent were born abroad.
Thomas Brock, 30, was shot dead at his home in Pasadena, california. he had become involved in a traffic altercation in the lead up to his death. brothers Steven and Jacob Rodriguez have been charged with capital murder.
a woman was forced to give birth to her son on the i-65 north in Louisville. she was stuck in traffic behind president obama's motorcade. a nurse who was also stuck in traffic helped the woman through the delivery.
celebrity chef's iconic Fat Duck named eighth best restaurant in the world. dinner by heston Blumenthal at the Mandarin Oriental also scraped through. uber-talented chef grant achatz's uber-talented restaurant Alinea retained its crown for the fourth year running.
playboy gun-obsessive forced into making short film to avoid jail. he is accused of placing homemade explosives in a tractor. he says: 'be responsible when shooting and clean up the area you were shooting'
union conference heard that schools are struggling to cope with influx of children arriving in classes unable to speak english. teachers have warned that schools are now having to deal with pupils across the uk speaking up to 300 different languages.
the barbaric terror group released photos showing crates of chicken being set alight in a field near the city of aleppo. the meat being slaughtered according to Islamic law was perfectly fit for consumption. the food was burned after the jihadis noticed labels on the boxes that suggested the birds had been reared and slaughtered in the us. hungry refugees on the brink of starvation are banned from eating the meat.
Phoj was designed by Swedish designer Lycke von Schantz. it has a 'lightweight chassis' and is 3.2ft (1 metre) tall. it clips onto the back of a standard bike using a specially-designed attachment. a child, up to a height of 3.2ft (1 metres), is then strapped into the seat. the parent cycles to their destination, and once they arrive, can unclip the seat and push it like a regular buggy.
Kyle Knox, 23, from London, was last seen at 10am on Monday at the start of the route for the 4409-ft high Ben Nevis in the Scottish Highlands. he failed to return to his accommodation in the Fort William area yesterday, prompting staff to alert police to his disappearance. police said the force had no information to suggest he was an experienced walker and believe he attempted to climb the mountain alone.
the law bans the so-called 'dilation and evacuation' procedure and redefines it as 'dismemberment abortion' it also has been introduced in Missouri, Oklahoma and South Carolina, though only Kansas lawmakers have passed it. planned Parenthood of Kansas and Mid-Missouri is also considering a lawsuit.
the London Mayor has set out his vision of'moral purpose' in business and politics. he praised the coalition for keeping down unemployment and not returning to the dole queues of 1980s Britain. comments will be seen as an attempt to position himself as a future party leader.
the lamb was born on a farm in gelston near grantham in Lincolnshire. he is 14inches tall and weighs 25lbs, three times the size of its peers. his owners believe he may be the biggest ever lamb born in the uk.
the 60-year-old actress said she was first approached by show creator David Chase to play the role of carmela in the 1990 film goodfellas. he agreed with her that she had already played a mobster's wife in the 1990 film and that she wanted to play Dr. Jennifer Melfi instead. 'i fell in love with David (Chase) the minute I met him,' she said.
author said books by comedian are 'witty and entertaining' but not ambitious enough. 59-year-old novelist singled out walliams' Gangsta Granny for criticism. he also singled out Diary of a wimpy kid books by author Jeff Kinney.
detective Patrick cherry was in plainclothes and trying to park his unmarked Hyundai without signalling when the driver known only as Humayun honked his horn. he launched a tirade, questioning the diver's command of the English language as well as his driving ability. the case was transferred to the Civilian Complaint Review Board following a complaint of 'discourtesy'
victims of a man who ran a'revenge porn' website and then charged victims to remove nude images and their personal information spoke out after he was sentenced on friday. Kevin Bollaert, 28, was sentenced to 18 years in state prison after he was convicted in february of 21 counts of identity theft and six counts of extortion. a group of victims were flown in from around the country to be involved in the prosecution and some have now said that they no
the 44-year-old academy award winner was at the Barnes & Noble bookstore at The Grove in los angeles last week to autograph copies of her children's book 'Randi Rhodes Ninja Detective — The Sweetest heist in history' before the night was over people were dragging their kids out of line, demanding refunds on the books and stormed out of the store in disgust. 'Octavia was mean, rude and horrible to everyone,' former Octavia fan, angel
a network source tells daily mail online that the former white house intern would be a 'run away success' on the show. she would attract great guests - even if casting her as a regular co-host would make it unlikely that potential 2016 presidential hopeful Hillary Clinton or President bill Clinton would ever appear on the show again.
shadow chancellor claims voters lost £1,100 each due to tax and benefit changes. but he hails today as'money-back Monday' with tax changes coming into force. predicts a tory government will hike VAT and cut top rate of income tax. lib dem leader blasted labour's policies as 'economically illiterate'
John Chapple has captured all types of landscapes, including grassy fields in England, major US cities, and sandy beaches in Australia. originally from north Devon, he first worked as a news and show business photographer before he got into landscape photography.
'if he's an outsider, I'm a Democrat,' he said in a phone interview. 'if he's an outsider, i'm a Democrat,' he said. 'if he's an outsider, i'm a democrat,' he said. 'if he's an outsider, i'm a democrat,' he said. 'if he
two horses were found living in an alleyway so narrow it could not turn around. the other horse was chained to the ground on a grassy area nearby. the animals were moved on by their owners following warnings from the RSPCA.
house in Snodland, Kent, was first rented by len and beatrice Barnes in 1915. couple raised their son Gordon and daughters, Freda, Hilda and Gwendoline, in the house. they bought it 40 years later for £350 and passed it to Freda when they died. their 10 great-grandchildren and seven great-great-grandchildren have enjoyed the house for the last few decades. but Freda died last December, aged 99, and the younger family members have now
investigators found a tablet computer at his apartment in montabaur, germany. it revealed he had recently used internet search terms such as cockpit doors and their security, and suicide methods. also revealed he was prescribed an anti-anxiety drug so strong doctors have to warn patients of the increased risk of suicide.
Marc Wabafiyebazu, 15, plans to plead not guilty if charges are brought against him after a gunfight erupted during a drug deal on monday. his 17-year-old brother, Jean, was killed when he went into a house to buy marijuana and police arrested him. his mother is the newly appointed Canadian Consul general in Miami.
defence secretary claims he is willing to weaken defences to win support from the Scottish nationalists. 'we saw what he did to his own brother. now he is willing to stab the United Kingdom in the back to become prime minister,' he says.
the prosecution has rested in the murder trial of former new england patriots tight end Aaron Hernandez. the 25-year-old has pleaded not guilty to shooting Odin Lloyd five times in the chest and back. a joint found near Lloyd's body had DNA from both men on it. the shell of a bullet matching the one that killed Lloyd was found on the floor of Hernandez's car - stuck to a piece of gum that matched his DNA.
Chancellor said labour had 'form' on jacking up income tax and national insurance. he said the party had 'form' on rising taxes and would do it all over again. 'ed Miliband and Ed Balls have done it all before – and they would do it all over again,' he said.
police released images of boobesh palani lying in his hospital bed. his identity was unknown at the time he was rescued from the harbour. he was known to a new Zealander travelling in Sri Lanka who saw his photo online and told the police of his name.
the aid agency has been negotiating for a week to deliver life-saving supplies and equipment to the country. coalition has conducted 11 days of air strikes against Iran-backed Shi'ite Houthis. the coalition now controls the country's ports and air space.
marina Lyons, 80, took her dog to the PDSA petaid hospital in huddersfield. the operation to remove her spleen was successful three weeks ago. but when she returned home she noticed lots of bruising on the dog's back. not satisfied, she took the dog for a second opinion when the burns were discovered. it is thought the injuries were caused by a heat blanket used during recovery.
residents of Kawasaki carry phalluses of all different sizes during festival. participants pray to a god of fertility, child birth and sexually transmitted infections. Known as the Festival of the Steel Phallus, it is held every spring at phallus-shaped Kanayama Shrine.
biggest pension reforms in a century have been met with confusion. customers as young as 23 try to cash in retirement savings. pension firms said Britons remained baffled about how radical changes worked. over-55s have been able to withdraw all or part of their pension pots.
sudheer Khamitkar, 42, shot his wife, Smita Haval Khamitkar, 38, and their two sons, aged six and 10, in separate rooms at their home in Tulsa, Oklahoma. the father turned the gun on himself after killing himself. police are still searching for a motive.
the prime minister visited a primary school near bolton today. he wanted to see children who get poor SATs results forced to resit them. the plan would mean 100,000 pupils taking a new test in english and maths.
'remediation costs' wiped out 61 per cent of profits between 2011 and 2014. banks set aside £4.7billion last year to compensate customers. another £2.3billion was earmarked by banks including barclays, royal bank of Scotland and HSBC to pay fines for rigging foreign exchange markets.
two weeks ago the pm let the BBC film him preparing lunch at his home in his constituency. this weekend it was the no 10 kitchen that was the focus of attention as he made a pitch for the family vote. tonight you can see the downing street kitchen all over again as they once again gather round the breakfast table.
'Marilyn Einstein' was created by superimposing a blurry picture of Marilyn Monroe over a picture of Albert Einstein drawn in fine lines. features with a high spatial frequency (Einstein) are only visible when you're viewing them close up, and those with low spatial frequencies (Monroe) are only visible from further away. combination pictures of the two produces a single image which changes when the viewer moves closer or farther away from the screen.
a researcher says a bone flute found in Slovenia is not an instrument. instead, it is a bone chewed by a hyena and left in a cave in a cave. research suggests historians have been fooled by these phoney objects. all such ‘instruments’ attributed to Neanderthals are simply chew toys of animals.
police in the southern state of Santa Catarina busted the gang's lair. the dog laid down alongside its owner and rolled over on its back. the picture showing the line of gang members and their guard dog surrendering to police has since gone viral in brazil.
a leading gynaecologist has claimed thousands of patients may be undergoing the drastic operation needlessly. the procedure, called a sacrohysteropexy, is rare, with just 1,072 admissions for the surgery in the past three years.
researchers from London and Edinburgh have developed a computer that can collate meteorological information and then produce forecasts as if they were written by a human. using a process known as 'natural language generation' (NLG), it has the potential to one day be used in humanoid robots on our television screens. these computer-generated weather updates are being tested by scientists at Heriot-Watt university and university college London. if the project is successful a prototype system will be tested by generating
mother-of-one, 31, spends an hour a day searching for deals and coupons. she has accumulated so many products and groceries that they fill a whole room of her house as well as her garage. among the hoard of products are 20 bottles of mouthwash, 52 bottles of baby lotion and shampoo, and stacks of dog and cat food.
self-made multi-millionaire bought property off-plan in park circus in 2011. she paid £780,700 for duplex and had extensive works done before moving in. she will now move back into five-bedroom mansion in Thorntonhall, Lanarkshire. then-couple bought site in 2008 and built 'Telperion', six times size of average house.
self-styled 'anarchist libertarian' squatters have set up camp in one of London's most historic monuments. they mounted admiralty arch, which joins Trafalgar Square with the mall, and called for others to join them. banners bearing messages such as'respect existence or expect resistance' were seen hanging from the Grade-I listed building.
Audrey Dimitrew, 16, of Virginia accepted a spot on the under-16 Chantilly Juniors in November believing she would get playing time. however, coaches told her she did not have the skills to compete with her team. she was benched first two tournaments of the season and was told she would not play much for the rest of the season. she chose to transfer teams and found another club, NV Premier, who wanted her but the league cried foul and said no to a transfer. the family
the self-proclaimed kidnapper who claims to have masterminded the kidnapping of denise Huskins says he will turn himself in, but only if his co-conspirators are given immunity. this comes just one day after the individuals demanded an apology from the police for calling the entire incident a hoax. the kidnappers wrote that he would 'go overseas and teach English' or 'live off the grid and read books for the rest of my life'
nobody is expected to win a majority when votes are cast on may 7. a rare moment of drama came when a female audience member briefly interrupted Cameron to complain about the number of homeless people sleeping in the streets. a rare moment of drama came when a female audience member briefly interrupted Cameron to complain about the number of homeless people sleeping in the streets.
Samantha Giufre, 19, suffered multiple fractures to her skull and face. she was dragged along a suburban street in casula, south-west of Sydney. she was left for dead in a gutter on myall road, south west of sydney. one man has been charged in relation to the violent incident. police are searching for others they believe were involved.
Gen Nakatani told parliament there has been no alien breach of airspace. he said no government studies into extra-terrestrials were under way.
10-year-old boy shot in stomach by stray bullet intended for aggressive dog. he was rushed to hospital where he underwent emergency surgery. stray bullets hit him in stomach and second man in buttocks, it was claimed.
50 years after the futuristic puppet show launched and landed all over the world, ITV is bringing it back. the jerky puppets that rescued the world from all kinds of disaster have been replaced by computer-generated figures. there are also more women and several multicultural characters have been added. Lady Penelope is this time voiced by Gone Girl actress Rosamund Pike. she has also lost the twin-set and pearls and looks a much more modern, dressed down lady secret agent.
the five-second rule has been cited to justify picking up everything from a salt and vinegar chip to an assortment of cold cuts. experts have largely dismissed the almost magical powers surrounding the five-second rule, but said what type of food and where you drop it does come into play. dry foods are things such as potato chips, lollies, nuts, biscuits, crackers and uncooked rice or pasta. dry foods are things such as cookies, lollies, nuts, biscuits, crackers and uncooked rice or pasta
the state board of parole hearings granted parole to 63-year-old James Schoenfeld on the 20th time it considered the possibility of releasing him. the kidnappers were influenced by the iconic 1971 film Dirty Harry in which the antagonist kidnaps a school bus of children in exchange for ransom.
the NBC sketch show parodied the daytime CNN Newsroom. it turned into a series of let-downs when it emerged there was no footage. but producers managed to cover up with abysmal animations to illustrate stories. they included an informative graphic of a man opening a door and a producer's image of what doomed pilot going to the bathroom may have looked like.
hotel owner hopes to cash in on the Fifty Shades of Grey effect. he plans to install sex swings, bondage rooms and dungeons. he hopes to attract tourists from the gay and swinging communities.
popular street artist is believed to have ventured into Gaza earlier this year. left behind four murals - including an image depicting the Greek goddess. painting, titled 'Bomb Damage,' was drawn on door that formed last remaining part of a two-story house in northern Gaza. unaware that Banksy's works are usually valued at hundreds of thousands of pounds, he said he has been tricked into selling the door for just £100.
police remain hopeful they will find missing 11-year-old Luke Shambrook. he was last seen on the national park at 9.30am on good friday. he is believed to have wandered off and has not been seen since.
the girl's mother, a single parent, complained to school officials after finding out Alcorn had visited the girl at their home while the mother was working. she found stickers and letters from Alcorn in the girl's school binder, plus two letters the girl wrote to Alcorn with three headings: 'Things Ms. Alcorn and I can do,' ''what we can do,' and 'when we can do it' the girl told police she and Alcorn kept their relationship secret and,
dark.cyanide scales some of the city's tallest buildings without ropes or harnesses, before sitting on precarious ledges. many of the 18-year-old's vertigo-inducing images, which include some shot 72 storeys above street level, show his feet dangling hundreds of feet above the city streets below. he describes himself as an 'urban historian' and says he likes photographing the city because it is huge and constantly changing
genes for good was set up by biostatisticians from the university of Michigan. it was designed to survey the health of millions of social network users. users can also send in spit samples to tie their survey results to their genes. the app is available for free from facebook's store but is only currently open to people aged over 18 with a valid mailing address in the us. participants can withdraw at any time by clicking the withdrawal link in the app.
summer Michelle Hansen, 32, of California entered a guilty plea in February to 16 felony counts related to sex acts with her five underage male students. the mother of three was told during the sentencing on friday that she must also register as a sex offender for life. if she had been convicted at trial, she would have faced 13 years in prison.
wet and cloudy weather was to blame in Sydney, where the Sydney Observatory said the short lunar began at 10.58pm (AEDT) and finished at 11.03pm. 'our live feed from Griffith Observatory is showing gorgeous totality pink!' observatory staff wrote on twitter at about 11pm, accompanying a picture of equipment showing off the bright pink moon.
sailor Louis Jordan, 37, was found sitting on the capsized hull of his sailboat, angel, 200 miles east of Cape Hatteras. a coast guard helicopter crew from north Carolina flew to the ship and airlifted him to a hospital in Norfolk, virginia. he survived his ordeal by drinking rain water and eating raw fish and flour fried in oil.
the £38 Jessica bra is a first on the larger bra market. features removable cookies (light foam pads) to give ample bosoms the option of extra volume. comes in a range of sizes, from a 28D right through to a 38HH.
one-year-old wombat has found herself a new buddy at Taronga Zoo. she has moved into her new digs alongside a couple of echidnas. the wombat first made headlines after her special bond with her surrogate zookeeper mum emerged last December.
the network has asked big bang theory co-creator Bill Prady to mastermind the revival, which would see the return of Kermit the Frog, Miss Piggy, Fozzie Bear and other old favorites. new Muppets TV content hasn't been since Muppets Tonight ended in 1998, though old episodes have been re-run extensively.
victim's pin number, cheque books and bank cards were entrusted to her. but she abused that trust and began withdrawing up to £200 a day. 64-year-old admitted stealing £22,650 but was ordered to pay back just £1,350. theft discovered after care home became suspicious of stoneman's step-grandfather receiving letters from the bank.
the Kennel Club says seemingly harmless foods can be killers. around 56,000 dogs were treated for poisoning between 2010 and 2014. of those, 470 dogs died. painkillers were the most common cause of poisoning.
former footballer launched scathing attack on the head of Ukip last night. came after leaders from each of the seven largest parties went head-to-head. polls showed 40 per cent of voters think David Cameron is'most capable' of leading the country.
fisticuffs broke out at a bar opening at Resorts world casino in queens. four people were arrested and will be charged in due course.
the former military intelligence officer said he had been told the information by two senior sources who knew about a 2009 NCIS investigation into Bergdahl's activities. the investigation reportedly included a forensic review of Bergdahl's computer which showed his apparent intent to travel to Uzbekistan. Bergdahl will face charges under articles 85 and 99 of the Uniform Code of Military Justice.
the european commission has been investigating the search engine for five years following complaints that it abuses its dominance in the continent. but proceedings have stalled on three previous occasions. now the european commission is asking companies who previously filed confidential complaints against Google for permission to publish them. if found to have been behaving unfairly, Google could be fined ten per cent of its annual revenues.
the first lady and Jimmy fallon performed a follow-up routine to a routine they first did in 2013. the routine was called the evolution of mom dancing part 2.
the Borden family burial monument at Oak Grove Cemetery in Fall River, Massachusetts, was defaced with black and green paint. the vandalism was discovered on monday, the day after a Lifetime miniseries, the Lizzie Borden Chronicles, premiered on Sunday night. Borden went on trial for brutally murdering her father and stepmother with a hatchet in their fall river home in 1892.
the identity of over 4,726 individuals, who illegally uploaded the film online, will be provided to the copyright holder of Dallas Buyers Club LLC due to the landmark judgement. this includes their names, IP addresses and residential addresses. internet companies iiNet Limited, Internode, Amnet Broadband, Dodo Services, Adam Internet and Wideband Networks were all affected by the ruling.
the total lunar eclipse will transform the moon on Saturday night. it will be visible in the skies of north America, Asia and australia. the sight is the third in a series of four blood moons, with the final one expected on September 28. according to one pastor, the sight suggests a world-changing event.
half of french 18 to 25-year-olds have consumed alcohol with the sole aim of getting drunk - compared to 33 per cent ten years ago. rise in binging is particularly high among young women, soaring from eight per cent who admitted they had done it in 2005, to three times that number by 2015.
only ultra low emission vehicles and electric cars would be allowed in the UK in 2040 under the proposal. normal petrol and diesel engines which make up vast majority of all motor vehicles would be barred. as part of its 'green' efforts, the party announced a £100million 'prize' for car companies who build the first ultra low emission vehicle.
research from the NASUWT union shows that the majority of teachers today are verbally abused by pupils. 38 per cent suffered similar problems with parents or carers compared with 24 per cent in 2014. some 23 per cent had received threats of physical assault from a pupil, up ten percentage points.
14 of the UK's top cake artists created the incredibly detailed creations as part of a feature for Cake Masters magazine. each of the intricate treats is entirely edible and were made using a range of decorating techniques and sugar work. the eggs were created as part of a feature in this month's edition, with Easter just around the corner.
Maxwell Morton, 16, charged with murder in the death of 16-year-old Ryan Mangan at his home in Jeannette, Pennsylvania. the defense attorney doesn't deny that the killing was an accident. but he says the boys were horsing around with a loaded gun when Mangan was shot in the left eye. a police officer testified that Morton was trying to take a picture of Mangan with the cellphone aimed down the barrel of the gun before pulling the trigger.
Mike Heatlie, 42, launched violent attack on fiona McCartney, 43. she lost a tooth and was left lying unconscious in a pool of blood. heatlie claims to have helped train the singer before her 2009 tour. but she is now facing a £7,000 dental bill and says she is too frightened.
big brother star teased fans with some pre-release pieces. now the glamour model has unveiled her collection with honeyz.com. full of boho frocks, paisley prints and flowing maxi dresses.
the one-year-old orangutan had to be moved from his birthplace at Toledo zoo, in Ohio, 14 months ago after his natural mother failed to bond with him properly after birth. he was moved to Milwaukee County Zoo and given to a second surrogate, but she did not form a bond with him either. in a final attempt to find a parent for Kecil, he was handed over to Maggie, the oldest orangutan in north america, who has already
jihadist amedy coulibaly stormed into hyper cacher, killing four and taking others captive. he was shot dead in a hail of gunfire by french special forces. six hostages have sued french media for broadcasting their location live.
57-year-old arrested over alleged 'ill treatment' of 15-year-old girl. police are investigating whether her birth and that of her sister, 14, were registered. it is also alleged that they did not attend school. she died in the early hours of thursday after falling from family's luxury flat. her father says he is 'distraught' as he faces the prospect of losing a second daughter to social services while his wife remains in custody.
diwalinen vankar, 58, fought off 13ft crocodile with washing paddle. she had gone with 19-year-old daughter to wash their clothes in the river. crocodile grabbed her leg and dragged her into the murky river in west india. the quick-thinking mother grabbed her daughter's hand to try and free her. but the crocodile clasped its powerful jaws round her daughter.
five men killed as they tried to escape from police van in southern india. one of them 'tried to snatch a rifle from a policeman and tried to escape' one of the 17 officers guarding the truck was left with minor injuries. incident comes two days after two terror suspects and a police constable were killed.
Andy Murray beat Tomas Berdych 6-4, 6-4 to reach the Miami Open final. the world no 4 will face his growing nemesis, Novak Djokovic, in the final. it will be Murray's first Masters level final since he won the title in 2013.
beatrize carrion-Moore, 23, is accused of kicking a deputy in the groin and thigh several times before offering him oral sex in exchange for a get out of jail free card. when officers tried to place the suspect in their patrol car, she kicked out and struck one of them in the thigh and groin multiple times. she was released from the palm beach county jail on Sunday after posting a $6,000 bond.
Gloucester no 8 has not played since breaking his left leg in early January. but the signs suggest he is on course to feature at the forthcoming world cup. the 26-year-old scored two tries during their victory over australia five months ago.
Raymond Frolander, 18, was beaten unconscious by his son's father in daytona beach. after his arrest, police released mugshot, which saw him in bloodied state. photo was quickly shared thousands of times online and sentenced to 25 years. pleaded no contest to lewd and lascivious molestation of victim younger than 12.
the then princess was just eight when she first attended the service in 1935. it would be another 18 years before her coronation. her Majesty was joined by the Duke of Edinburgh at the traditional ceremony.
blue tit collected moss, grass and straw to line a nest in a lamp post. it usually takes between one to two weeks to build a nest ready for the female. blue tit usually builds the nest by herself with little help from the male.
pilots of the Qatar Airways flight landed at Birmingham airport on monday night. severe winds foiled two landing attempts at the airport, where the plane was due to arrive at 7pm. passengers were made to stay in their seats as they waited for the plane to be refuelled and for a new flight crew to arrive. police were first called to the tarmac when some passengers started 'kicking off', according to one witness. officers returned two hours later after reports that angry passengers were trying to dise
Haley and Kev Mulholland still share a house in bristol. mother-of-eight monitors his movements, checks his phone and sniffs him. 'i might not want Kev, but i don’t want anyone else to have him either,' she said.
the organisms, he claims, are contained in a microscopic metal globe designed by an intelligent species to'seed' alien life on Earth. they test positive for DNA, and have masses that are'six times bigger than the size limit of a particle which can be elevated from Earth to this height' his views have been widely criticised by the scientific community as being backed by poor evidence.
11 percent of computer scientists in higher education haven't had sex. physicists, dentists, law, chemistry, engineering and medicine are still virgins. pupils enrolled in arts subjects like history and english are more likely to have lost their virginity either before or at university.
rotting remains of Jose Alberto, 58, discovered by neighbours in eastern argentina. prosecutors believe he died while having sex with the scarecrow.
Steven abberley, 28, hurled a tirade of abuse at politicians during a session in the house of commons in October last year. he then threw the glass balls from the public gallery, but they missed MPs and hit a security screen. when arrested, he told police officers that he had daubed the words 'the enemy within' in red paint on the palace's walls.
a warrant has been issued for Xiangnan Li, 23, the boyfriend of 20-year-old tong Shao, a chemical engineering student at the university of Iowa. he was listed as a person of interest in the case and is believed to have been the last person to see her alive. he bought a one-way ticket to china in the days after his girlfriend went missing.
a hilarious new hashtag has popped up on social media site Instagram exposing some of these 'awful' that things parents do to their children. #a**holeparent has almost 4000 posts from parents all over the world, admitting through their uploaded pictures to their immense dissatisfaction.
opened in 1935 by Gilmore Oil, the largest independent oil company on the west coast, the art deco building served the drivers of Hollywood until it was abandoned in the 1990s. it became a filming location soon after with wacky weatherman Harris K. Telemacher stopping to fill up with lover Sara McDowel.
half of three to six-year-olds worry about being fat, with a fifth of girls under 11 confessing to having even tried diets.
the inscriptions were found at the former chalk quarry in Naours, northern France. they were left for posterity by young men facing the horror of trench warfare. one inscription reads: 'James Cockburn 8th Durham L.I.' the date next to it - April 1, 1917 - roots it in the horrors of the war.
a 26-year-old woman at a redford, michigan office secretly delivered a baby in a bathroom stall and then returned to her seat to resume her duties. police found a newborn's lifeless body stuffed inside her bag and hidden beneath her desk. the mother and baby were taken to a local hospital, where they were pronounced dead.
the hospital of dolls, or Ospedale delle Bambole as it is known in Rome, was built by the Squatriti family 60 years ago. today their descendants, Federico Squatriti, 52, and his 82-year-old mother Gelsomina continue the family tradition.
scar booth offers a gallery of 77 wounds - purportedly real ones - which can be superimposed onto selfies so you can 'prank' friends and family. makers boast: 'your friends and family will be convinced that you have suffered a painful beating' anti-violence charities hit back at disturbing app for trivialising abuse and brutality.
45 doctors, surgeons, nurses and anaesthesiologists took part in the operation. the 45-year-old man suffered from arteriovenous malformation for 20 years. condition caused facial deformities and problems with his vision and speech. he underwent 27-hour surgery to reconstruct his neck, mouth, tongue and throat.
researchers analyzed 11 rock samples from around the. nearly complete Little Foot fossil skeleton from the. Sterkfontein Caves to gauge its age. the species was much bigger and taller than Lucy's, with gorilla-like facial features but fully upright and very strong with powerful hands for climbing.
satellite TV operator DirecTV is ending its popular advertising campaign featuring 80s heartthrob Rob Lowe after complaints by rival Comcast. the cable company complained to the Better Business Bureau's national advertising division (NAD) that the ads featured a number of false claims. the watchdog has ruled that several of the campaign's claims couldn't be substantiated.
modern humans have been blamed for killing off the ancient Neanderthals. but new research suggests they suffered from a wide range of diseases. these include tuberculosis, typhoid, whooping cough, encephalitis and the common cold. it has been around 30,000 years since modern humans wiped out ancient Neanderthals.
clare Hines was diagnosed with a brain tumour after suffering epileptic seizures for 10 years. doctors told her she had to have it surgically removed or she risked it turning malignant. one week before she was due to go into surgery she took a pregnancy test that turned out positive. doctors warned her that the baby would not survive being under general anaesthetic for 12 hours if she had the operation. seven weeks after her son was born, she flew back to her home in the uk
sumo salad chain has dropped celebrity chef Pete Evans as a celebrity ambassador. this comes after his paleo cookbook for infants was delayed due to fatal health concerns. the food chain maintains that the decision to not renew his two-year contract was made a long time ago. this comes at the same time that Evans announced that his disputed baby cookbook 'Bubba Yum Yum: The Paleo Way' will become a self-published digital book.
scientists believe life on earth began evolving around 3.8 billion years ago. but they are still far from knowing how it appeared 4 billion years ago. now researchers say they have evidence that DNA-like fragments may have come with 'instructions' that guided their growth into complex life forms.
Poundland has been forced to pull decorative plastic Easter Eggs. officials in Buckinghamshire and Surrey raised the alarm over the decorations, as they were 'likely to contravene food imitation safety rules' the eggs bear a striking similarity to the sugar-coated chocolate treats with a brown'speckle' designed to make it look like a quail's egg.
Rebecca Eldemire, 21, was shot repeatedly in the face with a.357 Magnum by her boyfriend, 27-year-old Larry Tipton. after shooting her twice, he laid down face up beside her and fatally shot himself. 'on a desk within (Eldemire's bedroom) is a two-page (suicide) note written by him,' read the report.
widower says his wife was 'delirious and spaced out' following the birth. she died after complications arose with the birth of their son, wesley. she had multiple cardiac arrests and was taken to theatre for hysterectomy.
despite thousands of foreign fighters joining, ISIS' leadership is dominated by ex-members of the late dictator's military. Almost all of the regional commanders appointed by ISIS' leader and self-declared caliph, Abu Bakr al-Baghdadi, played prominent roles in the Baathist army before the 2003 invasion of Iraq. they became involved with ISIS either in the resulting insurgency or after the dictator's 2006 execution. one of the most prominent former
the dome-like Hue Go can be controlled wirelessly from any iOS or Android device via the Philips Hue app or any app developed for the lamp. when connected to the bridge, it can also be synced to music, films and video games to create more of an atmosphere depending on the mood. it uses a rechargeable battery and offers three hours of continuous light after a 90-minute charge.
Scott Suggs, 28, and brandy Kangas, 36, locked children in room for 24 hours a day. room was stained with human urine and feces and had a homemade gate. children, aged three and four, appeared to have been fed through the gate. parents pleaded guilty to three counts of felony child neglect on monday. handed six-year suspended sentence, 10 years of 'good behavior' and probation.
chiropractor Gertrude Pitkanen would take newborn babies from their mother's arms seconds after they were born and hand them to adoptive parents. the babies were sometimes forced to throw their afterbirth out of the window because they were removed so quickly. most of the children who were victims of this horrific crime have now aged, have families and have forged their own lives. they have joined together to form a group called gertie's Babies who have been using DNA to trace their biological families.
Huw Davies, 34, has been searching for permanent employment for 13 years. he has three a-levels and 10 GCSEs, but has not even been called for interview. he says he 'hasn't got the foggiest' about what he is doing wrong.
facial exercises have been around as long as youth has been considered the hallmark of beauty. first official guide was published in 1710, outlining the routine of Ninon de L'Enclose. nearly two centuries later, Sanford Bennett released his book, Exercising In Bed.
faith and Hope Howie were born on may 8 last year with one body and two faces due to an extremely rare condition known as disrosopus. they died in hospital less than a month after they were born and their parents, Simon Howie and Renee Young, laid them to rest at Pinegrove Memorial Park in western Sydney. family and friends had built up a small memorial with pink and white statues, flowers, pebbles and toys over the past 11 months. when they arrived on tue
the 3,118 unidentified applicants were presumably delighted when they were accepted as freshmen by the university in Gainesville for the fall. but after reading their congratulations notices, they realized they would have to agree to spend their entire first year taking online classes. the classes are part of a new program - the Pathway to Campus Enrollment (paCE) - which started in 2015 and aims to accommodate a higher number of students.
ISIS enters Yarmouk camp as Jordan closes only functioning border crossing. militants reportedly entered camp from nearby Hajar Aswad in southern damascus. jihadis can potentially use camp as a base from which to threaten capital.
Sabrina Broadbent Tetzner, 32, fled the fundamentalist Mormon sect headed by convicted rapist Warren Jeffs eight years ago. a judge ordered the sect to turn over the children at 5pm on tuesday, but when she got to the compound at the arranged time her kids were nowhere to be seen. at midnight, they returned and were shepherded into their aunt Samantha Holm's home.
clare goldwin admits that she will sometimes fork out for Boden's brightly printed clothes for her seven-year-old daughter but not herself. she doesn't want to be labelled a Boden 'yummy mummy' at 50 paces. profits plummeted 42 per cent in 2011 and remained flat for 2013.
a family of four was enjoying a day out together in Portland, Maine when a white man yelled a racial slur at them. the family consisted of a black mother and a white father who were with their nine-year-old daughter and 23-year-old son. the man was in a car filled with a group of young white men when he screamed 'Hey n*****s!' at them and drove off.
the university of Houston said in a statement Tuesday that it was paying McConaughey speaking fees totaling $135,000 plus travel expenses, as well as a $20,250 commission to the Celebrity Talent International booking agency engaged by the university. the statement says McConaughey is donating his fees to his jk livin Foundation, which the actor started to provide tools to help high school students lead active lives and make healthy choices for the future. the university initially balked at revealing McConaughey
grey hair is on trend with silver hair lovers the world over posting images on social media under the hashtag #grannyhair. the trend can be traced back to Jean Paul Gaultier's catwalk show at Paris Fashion Week.
bikram Choudhury, 69, has spoken out for the first time since six women accused him of unwanted sexual advances. 'the answer is I feel sorry for them... They're entranced by somebody - lawyers,' he said. he pioneered the practice of working out in a room heated to 105f. he has 720 yoga schools in 220 countries.
male leads are dressing up in breeches, leather and chain metal for their art. shows such as Poldark, Vikings, Outlander and Game of Thrones are asking them to get down and dirty for their art. aidan Turner is leading the way as Captain Ross Poldark.
the video was shot while travelling from Borden, Ontario to Comox, British Columbia for work purposes. he picked up a green rocking chair that he acquired for free from online advertisement site kijiji. the traveller then attached his trailer and set off on the nine-day journey.
police in Lower Moreland, Pennsylvania received a call from an unidentified juvenile around 12:50pm and rushed to the home. the bodies of the 48-year-old husband and his 43-year-old wife were cut with what appears to be a chainsaw. so far only Mrs Peppelman's death has been classified as a homicide, suggesting that it may have been a murder-suicide.
#NotAnAprilFools feed was launched by campaign group let toys be toys. it is based on the idea that the toys are so ridiculous that they must be a joke. females are offered pink beautician's outfits while males are offered doctor's uniforms.
state authorities were suspicious that the 88-year-old author was somehow pushed into publishing the forthcoming go set a watchman. many feared outside influences were at play as Lee, who lives in an nursing home in Monroeville, Alabama, had said for decades she wanted to kill a. Mockingbird to be her only published novel.
within ten minutes of tomorrow night’s episode, fans will see aidan Turner’s dashing Ross Poldark gaze lovingly at his new baby daughter. as Sunday night’s latest heartthrob, women across the country have voiced their longing to settle down with the brooding gentleman.
Mick Schumacher made his pre-season test debut at the Oschersleben circuit. the 16-year-old accidentally went off the track during a training session. he was racing through the Lausitzring speedway in eastern germany. the protege was travelling at speeds of up to 100mph when he crashed. but the accident was minor and he walked away uninjured.
all saints church in wolverhampton re-scheduled the service today instead of tomorrow. drop-in sessions were cancelled on christmas and new year's day because they both fell on a Thursday. religious leaders have praised the initiative as reflecting the core values of Christianity.
french military said the rescue of Sjaak Rijke took place at 5am today. french president said some militants were killed and others captured. but there was no immediate word on fate of two men abducted at the same time.
the fire broke out in a non-production building, creating huge columns of smoke visible from miles away. there are no known injuries at the structure, Building 6, where up to 50 people work during a normal day. a fire department spokesman said that the building made plastic products. the cause of the fire, which began around 7am, is not yet known.
Mike Whitehead was standing against Labour's Alan Johnson for the tories. he claimed he was joining the party after becoming 'disgusted' at the behaviour of the ruling conservative group in his area. but it later emerged he had already been sacked from the party last week. tories spokesman: 'this man is not our candidate for Hull west and hessle'
8.1million people on average have watched each episode of the period drama. it follows Ross Poldark after he returns from the american war of independence.
the 26-year-old south african bombshell oozes old Hollywood glamour in the series of shots, which see her don a platinum blonde wig, a crimson pout and a dramatic cat-eye flick.
sales of lobster, oysters, prawns and fish will increase by 80 per cent over the Easter holiday. a staggering 54 million hot cross buns, 2,900 tonnes of chocolate and enough prawns to stretch from Sydney to Cairns will be consumed. FEMAIL have asked the experts to advise which tipple to pair with our favourite seasonal foods.
Lindsey Walker, from darlington, booked in for an overnight stay at the hotel. she and her partner were invited to a late-night party with escorts in the room next door. at 4am, to the sounds of the nightclub below, they decided to sit in reception. the wall in her room had holes in the walls, broken tiles and filth.
a series of billboards posted around new york city are seeking to encourage residents to consider a move east to Detroit. the ads are the brainchild of a trio of people opening a new Thai restaurant in the Motor City who want exposure for their new business. they also want to promote Detroit as an alternative for new yorkers who feel that city has got too expensive for them. there are four billboards — two in Manhattan and two in Bushwick in Brooklyn — which went up about a month ago.
university of Minnesota student, 22, vanished from a bar in the early hours of friday. she was last seen walking alone on the 10th avenue bridge, 110ft above the river. police have not said whether she fell or jumped from the bridge. a body was recovered on wednesday - five days after she died.
Antonio Valente, from Dallas, learned of the ruse when he received a message from Marianne Heinrich, who lives in Vienna, two weeks ago. she told him that someone using the name 'Johnson Michael Lynn' had created a fake Facebook profile using photos of him and his daughter. he said he wanted to marry her and move to be with her and his daughter. when he said he needed money to pay taxes in England, Heinrich wired him $4,000.
at her heaviest, Amber Rachdi weighed 46st (657lb) - the same as the average adult woman. by the age of five, she was almost housebound and in constant pain. she was warned she would be dead by the age of 30. but the 24-year-old has since lost 20st in a year.
mother-of-two piled on the pounds after the birth of her two children. she reached a worrying 20st 3lb and worried her husband wouldn't see her as the'sexy' woman he married. she went on a dramatic diet that saw her lose half of her body weight.
researchers found the virus while exploring methane vents 2,800 feet beneath the surface of the ocean in the Santa Monica basin off the coast of California. the virus actively causes one of its own genes to mutate - allowing it to develop new ways of coping with the ecosystem it finds itself in. this is the secret that has allowed archae bacteria to adapt to some of the harshest environments on earth.
Donny Ray Williams, who was once a staffer for the Senate Homeland Security subcommittee, slipped an intern Ambien in 2010 before having sex with her while she lay unconscious. that same year, he had sex with a woman too inebriated to give her consent. prosecutors on Friday asked that Williams be spared jail time because he is himself the victim of a crime - the effects of which will mar the remainder of his life.
archaeologists have been known to find the remains of bodies clutching make-up and beauty tools in graves from bygone times. the women of ancient history had some fascinating methods for beautifying themselves. the women of ancient india used cow dung and urine to boost their beauty regime and were said to treat problem skin.
a nine-year-old boy has died from injuries sustained in a horrific car crash. his sister, eight-year-old piper, was also killed in the crash on saturday. police said piper died in hospital on Sunday morning, while her brother died later that evening. it is believed their holden aqua-planed spun out of control and ended up on the other side of the road. the national Easter long weekend death toll now stands at 16.
'military mistress' Bobbi Ann Finley, 39, and her husband, 27-year-old Zacherie House, are wanted for check fraud. they were last seen making a fraudulent transaction for a 'large quantity' of outdoors supplies and groceries at atwoods, a farm and ranch chain store in western oregon. the purchases started in early march, then moved through Oregon coastal towns and into Colorado and Oklahoma.
the unemployment rate remained at 5.5 percent, the labor department said in its monthly report Friday. the unemployment rate remained at 5.5 percent.
ally Lees, of alfie bird's restaurant in Birmingham, created the three-foot dish. it contains 945g of protein, which is 16 times the recommended daily amount for a man. omelette was made to order using 150 fresh eggs - and contains 12,000 calories.
the country is due to repay a £330million loan to the international. monetary fund on Thursday. but there were concerns the heavily indebted nation would default on the payment. Deputy finance minister Dimitris mardas said that Greece will in fact make the payment on time.
wide leg trouser is at the forefront of SS15 trends. the trend has made a comeback since the seventies. lou tried the trend out seven years ago with a Stella McCartney flared jean.
the western esplanade cul-de-sac of 11 white Art Deco houses with private beaches at the end of Hove promenade is a real-life version of the television comedy Stella Street. the homes were built between 1909 and 1910 by developer Michael Paget Baxter when overcrowding on British beaches in their heyday meant that a home with a private beach was the last word in luxury. one of those has just come on the market, for
hotelier, 37, paid for bath to be fitted in the home of his girlfriend, 29. bath contains 205 litres of melted milk chocolate and 1.3 million calories. bespoke gift costs £1,000 each time and is now available to buy.
federal MP for Kennedy, is of lebanese descent. he said he's been personally subjected to racist attitudes from both major parties. he said he sympathised with the position of the embattled politician. the statement has sparked criticism on social media, with users questioning his terminology.
three former managers of the AIDS Healthcare Foundation filed a lawsuit last week alleging the company paid employees and patients kickbacks for patient referrals. the lawsuit alleges kickbacks started in 2010 at the company's California headquarters and spread to programs in Florida and several other locations. the company cares for more than 400,000 patients in 36 countries and is leading a mass testing initiative to identify and treat an estimated 25 million people who don't know they are infected.
denise Chiffon Berry, 44, and her son were driving in Hawthorne, California on Wednesday afternoon when they passed three men in a Cadillac - one of whom had his legs dangling out of the window. the mother and son allegedly laughed at the scene, but someone in the car didn't find it funny when he made eye contact with the 12-year-old boy. no other connection between Ms Berry and the occupants of the car had been found.
just 28 of 700,000 babies born in the uk in 2013 were given the name. that compares to 235 Garys being born in 1996, when it was the 147th most popular in the country. there was even a trend of girls being given the name.
the former big issue salesman has sold more than four million copies of a street cat named Bob and churned out multiple spin offs. but despite his ample fortune, Bowen, 36, continued to have his rent paid for by housing benefit. since 2012 the taxpayer has forked out £15,500 for Bowen to live in his housing association flat in Haringey, north London.
detective Patrick cherry is assigned to the joint terrorism task force. he was trying to park his car without indicating when the driver hooted at him. he launched a tirade, questioning the diver's command of the english language and his car control skills. he is now under investigation by the civilian complaint review board.
workmates falsely accused her of being a cocaine user, dubbed her ‘Miss Bonkers’, and said she was hired by the bank only because of her looks. miss Lokhova, 33, won her legal claim that she was the victim of sexual harassment and unfairly forced to leave her £750,000-a-year role. she was awarded £3.14million for lost earnings, £44,000 for hurt feelings and £15,000 in aggravated damages.
Colombian-born Manuela Arbelaez's mind was clearly somewhere else when she removed the wrong price tag during Thursday's show. the model and host Drew Carey both gasped after she revealed the true price of the Hyundai Sonata SE before contestant Andrea had finished guessing.
the order will require campuses, golf courses, cemeteries and other large landscapes to significantly cut water use. it also directs local governments to replace 50 million square feet of lawns throughout the state with drought-tolerant landscaping. the move will affect residents, businesses, farmers and other users.
a health expert has slammed parents for not taking vaccination seriously. 19 children attending a primary school in north Brisbane contracted whooping cough. infectious diseases expert Professor Matthew cooper attributed the outbreak to an anti-vaccination trend.
scientists at the university of Connecticut say we know how far away the source of a sound is by listening to the echoes it produces. in a study they found that the reverberation of sound helps us locate the distance of, for example, a car passing round a bend or a person nearby. they said that echoes and fluctuations in volume are the cues we use to figure out the distance between us and the source of a noise.
siobahn O'Dell, 17, from north Carolina, had applied to the prestigious college. but on march 26 she was sent a letter telling her she had failed to make the grade. she refused to take no for an answer and wrote back, rejecting their rejection. she said: 'despite Duke's outstanding success in rejecting previous applicants, you simply did not meet my qualifications'
Christopher Bridger, 25, attacked three women after separate drinking sessions. he was jailed for 12 years after being convicted of rape and four other abuse charges. the HCPC Conduct and Competence Committee today removed him from the register after hearing his crimes and describing them as 'a serious breach of trust'
Kris Wardle, who lives in Leicester, thought his world was complete when he married his long-term girlfriend Katrina in 2011. but less than two years later, the HGV truck driver would be a widower after his beloved wife was killed in a frenzied knife attack by now 21-year-old mark. 'if she smiled, the room would just light up,' said Kris.
reality star starred in season 12 of bad girls club:. Chicago. no details or cause of death have been released.
single-mum's visa application was rejected because her son's autism would be a 'burden on the Australian health system', according to the Immigration Department. the single-mum and her son, Tyrone, will be deported within 28 days. Queensland disabilities minister coralee o'rourke called it a 'cold, heartless decision' by the Federal Government.
a woman, 23, was arrested on Wednesday after she allegedly hit her 67-year-old boyfriend in the face so hard that she knocked out one of his contact lenses. the victim's identity has not been released.
the group of hand-picked teenagers were disbanded shortly after the death of his father in the north's capital Pyongyang in 2011. now that the country's official three-year mourning period for Kim Jong-il has concluded, the autocrat has demanded his advisers find suitable new women for the role. the previous members retired and were married off to military generals when they hit their early 20s.
prime minister took advice from martial arts pupils about best way to deal with the Ukip leader when they go up against each other. but he later backtracked, insisting there will be 'no bodily contact' during the debate. all of the party leaders have spent the day preparing for tonight's debate.
Jaye and Matthew Cox delivered their daughter Annabelle at 20 weeks. scans showed she had developed a serious form of Spina Bifida. she was born weighing just 290 grams at Canberra hospital. her parents contacted angel gowns to help them create a dress from her wedding gown to bury her in. 'we wanted something beautiful and meaningful to bury her in,' she said.
two self-styled intelligence experts set out to discover clever people in the 1930s. they published a book posing devilishly difficult brain-teasers for the general public. now their book has been republished and here we offer you a selection of its tortuous tests.
the human rights commission said in a notice filed Thursday that there's enough evidence of age discrimination to merit a hearing on the Stonehenge Village complex's gym. rent-regulated tenants excluded from the gym are largely over 65, while market-rate tenants aren't, according to a complaint last year from tenants' association president Jean Green Dorsey. 'you really shouldn't have to do all this to live a happy life,' said Dorsey, 75, who has lived
matsuko Deluxe's robotic clone made its 'unnervingly real' on-screen debut. the late-night tv personality shared the stage with his'matsukoroid' doppelganger for the first time on saturday night.
new radar images from the european satellite have revealed the aftermath of the 25 April earthquake. each 'fringe' of colour represents about 3cm of deformation. to the north of Kathmandu, the interferogram suggests that the ground receded and a fault ruptured east from the epicentre but did not break the surface. the tallest point in the world, however, still stands at 29,029 feet.
mehmet selim Kiraz, 46, died in hospital after he was taken hostage by extremists. he was taken hostage by members of the revolutionary people's liberation party-front. they uploaded chilling images of him with a gun pointed at his head to social media. access to twitter, facebook and YouTube was re-established after the social media sites agreed to remove the images.
labour will ban bosses employing regular staff on zero-hours contracts for 12 weeks. he said it was 'not good enough' for millions of workers not to know how many hours they would be working from one week to the next. a labour government would give workers the right to demand a'regular contract if they do regular hours' after three months.
a 25-year-old man has been charged with murdering his five-month-old daughter. the infant, believed to be a twin, died later that day after suffering'several injuries' detectives arrested the baby's parents on suspicion of murder yesterday. neighbours described the couple as 'friendly' and 'kept to themselves'
four out of ten people betting on the grand national make their choice purely down to the name of the horse. a surprising 60 per cent said their secret superstition was to have the same family members gathered around the tv every year. a huge 70 per cent of women simply rely on pure chance opposed to 47-per cent of men who try to study form.
Jennifer Barnett worked at archway school in Stroud between 1980 and 1997. the 60-year-old died last September, 14 months after she was diagnosed with mesothelioma - a cancer whose most common cause is asbestos. her husband, Nigel, told an inquest his wife had to cut sheets of asbestos while working on a farm in her 20s. coroner recorded verdict of death as a result of industrial disease.
the singer has no idea where she got the tick bite that infected her. symptoms range from headaches and joint pain to severe fatigue, heart palpitations, paralysis of the face and even dementia.
the novelist, who died aged 68 in April last year, achieved huge success with The Secret Diary of Adrian Mole, Aged 1334. the book, which told of the life and loves of an angst-ridden teenager, was followed by seven sequels.
a match review committee will 'look very closely' at players' behaviour. James Graham and David Klemmer could face demerit point penalties or a temporary game ban for their arguments with a referee at the ANZ Stadium in Sydney on friday. the two forwards could have their charges referred straight to the NRL judiciary. the highest contrary conduct charge, a grade five, carrying a 525-demerit point penalty and a five-game ban.
Oscar Hübinette shredded through the snow on the tolbachik volcano on the Kamchatka peninsula in Russia. the adventure photographer looked on in amazement as lava from the 12,000 foot tall volcano bubbled furiously behind him. after lying dormant since 1976 the volcano suddenly erupted in November 2012.
the average cost of a property in Salcombe, Devon, now tops the average cost in the uk. the seaside town boasts a skyrocketing average property price of £671,759. this is more than the average cost of property in some of the most expensive cities.
the FBI said on Wednesday that Zulkifli bin Hir, a Malaysian member of the al Qaeda-linked jemaah Islamiah militant group, is dead. bin Hir no longer appears on the most wanted terrorist list on the FBI's website.
the daxing internet addiction treatment centre (IATC) has so far welcomed 6,000 mostly young, mostly male patients. it claims to have ‘cured’ 75 per cent of them. the centre is regarded as china’s leading expert in wangyin, or internet addiction, which affects 24 million of its 632 million internet users.
Mike Hand, 39, was diagnosed with a tumour on his spinal cord. he is paralysed from the waist down and is almost ready to leave hospital. he and his wife tried to claim for financial support to adapt their home. but because they don't claim any income support or benefits, they would have to earn 'virtually nothing' to receive the grant.
at 116, Gertrude Weaver was already the oldest person in America. with the death of 117-year-old Misao Okawa in Japan on Wednesday, weaver became the world's oldest person. she attributes her longevity to treating others well and exercising three times a week in her wheelchair.
mother-of-two, Kady Marsh, took her seven-week-old baby aside to breastfeed at a popular Sydney hotel. she was asked to move from the lounge area of the hotel because it was an area restricted to 'over 18s only' 'i physically couldn't manage it on the stools in there and I couldn't find anywhere else to sit,' she says.
the first generation iPad was revealed by the late Steve Jobs in 2010. at the time it was met with ridicule as experts struggled to see how it would prove popular. five years and 225 million units later, it seems many critics have been proved wrong. but amid falling sales and a new generation of alternatives, some industry experts have predicted that the iPad’s days are numbered.
father-of-two Richard Hutchinson, 40, from Thornaby-on-Tees, was jailed for two years. he punched his former friend in the jaw, knocking him unconscious. he needed 16 days in intensive care after he was left with a fractured skull. court heard the pair had a 'long-running' feud after he borrowed £300. he said he lashed out because he wanted to'sort it
it was previously thought that the woolly mammoth simply died out from post-Ice Age climate change and being hunted to extinction by early man. but now a new theory is set to re-write the history books after the examination of more than 23,500 mammoth bones found them riddled with osteoporosis and lacking in calcium. the major mineral deficiency resulted in them breaking their limbs and spines, and left them unable to walk.
the child, whose name has not been released, suffered fatal injuries in the incident at Grant Elementary School in dumont, new jersey on march 6. he became upset that his opponent didn't say 'checkmate' after beating him. an aide overheard him saying to the other student: 'Do you want me to do something drastic?'
the 28-year-old was diagnosed with leukemia seven months into her pregnancy. doctors told her she could give birth via caesarean section and undergo chemotherapy but both would require a blood transfusion. she refused both options due to her religious beliefs and her baby died in utero three days later. she had a stillbirth and died 13 days after her diagnosis.
gang targeted the couple in their 80s after they were tipped off that money was kept in their home in welwyn garden city, hertfordshire. verna Fisher, then 81, awoke in total darkness in the early hours of 31 July last year confronted by four men wearing white balaclavas and gloves. she tried to cry out for help but the men had his hand clasped over her mouth while demanding money. but the men continued to demand more money before hitting the pension
'my son Seth, signed the petition asking me, Dad, the governor, to veto this bill,' said governor asa hutchinson. 'i love and respect my father very much, but sometimes we have political disagreements, just as many families do,' he said. 'i’m proud to have made a small contribution to the overall effort to stop discrimination against the LGBT community in Arkansas, the state that I love (Go hogs! ),' said the governor
71-year-old awaiting extradition to face murder charges in california. he was arrested on march 14 on charges of possession of a weapon by a felon and possession of a gun with a controlled substance. his defense team was expected to challenge the case by accusing police of searching his hotel room in the city without a proper arrest warrant. however, as a shackled Durst appeared to be sleeping in the courtroom, the judge raged at his
the church of england’s ambitious plans involve harnessing the energy of bath’s 45°C spring water to power a modern heating system. engineers plan to excavate ancient crypts below the church to tap into a Roman drain where 850,000 litres of natural spring water empties every day. they hope to divert the warm water instead through a network of underground pipes to provide a world-first natural underfloor heating system.
Originally named Ena, the historic steam yacht was designed in 1900 and built the following year. now it is on the market after having served in World War I and being salvaged after it sunk in 1981. Designed by Walter Reeks more than a century ago, the yacht is said to be one of only three that remains in the world today.
Milos Zeman has been criticised over his plans to attend a parade in Moscow. he said he wanted to honour Soviet soldiers who sacrificed their lives. the annual parade marks the allied win at the western front in 1945.
homes with a Waitrose nearby cost 12 per cent more - or £38,831. but having a budget store such as an aldi or Lidl on your doorstep means your house could sell for less. house prices in areas with a Waitrose cost an average of £354,378. this is £38,831 (12 per cent) more than typical prices for their regions.
crew aboard Sea Shepherd vessel Bob Barker rescued those on board. the captain of the now submerged ship'started applauding and cheering' anti-poaching activists say it is'very unusual behaviour'.
single mother of two Bette Carrouze, 78, from Brighton, loves all night parties. she often leaves clubs in the early hours of the morning. but she admits that proffering a bus pass in the early hours can be embarrassing.
staff at Scooter's Coffee, in Omaha, were locked out of the page for 24 hours. from 5pm on Sunday until almost the same time the next day, the page was flooded with adult cartoons. the images were similar to those posted on Delta Air Lines and Crayola's pages after they were hacked in January.
four mini solid chocolate eggs equate to 550 kilojules. a 67-kilogram woman would need to vigorously walk for 40 minutes. a man weighing in at around 80 kilograms could achieve the same in 30 minutes.
the most reverend Justin welby said the dead were'martyrs' in sermon. he said the killing of Christians over the past year had been a 'wicked' development. the archbishop said their faith meant the martyrs would defeat evil.
urinating in in-laws' cups of tea for more than a year was caught red-handed. rekha Nagvanshi, 30, turned on her husband's parents at home in india. she was unhappy about arranged marriage and felt she was being treated poorly. but after moving back in, parents-in-law found out and tried to stop it.
Adam Rushton, 37, took advantage of his post as a beat officer to have sex. found guilty of five counts of misconduct and another of breaching data rules. denied ten counts of misconduct and two of breaching data protection laws while employed by police.
photographer John Massung was flying over south florida last week when he saw hundreds of sharks swarming just 100 feet from the beach. massung says he flew for about a mile down the shore and that the hordes of sharks never ended. a fellow photographer was even further out and saw the same scene. since he wasn't certain what kind of shark was gathering south of the inlet, Massung posted the photos to the Indian River by Air Facebook page to see if
'it doesn't mean that I love them any less,' said a shop employee at a flower shop in Jeff Davis County, georgia. the pizzeria in Walkerton, Indiana, is the first store to refuse service to gay customers under new legislation in the state. on Thursday the state's governor signed a law 'fixing' its controversial legislation.
the 28-year-old flame-haired beauty recently spent a stint on the stage, starring in a west end production of David Mamet’s Speed the Plow. ‘[London] feels like home, I miss it every time I have to leave for work and can’t wait to get back,’ she told Homme Style magazine.
mother-of-four suffered cardiac arrest at scandal-hit hospital in december. her death came just months after three babies and one mother died. her partner, 40, has called for action to prevent further tragedies.'maternity units are supposed to be the safest places to have babies'
11 former teachers, a principal and other administrators were convicted of racketeering for their role in a scheme to inflate students' scores on standardized exams. the defendants - including teachers, a principal and other administrators - were accused of falsifying test results to collect bonuses or keep their jobs in the 50,000-student Atlanta school system. the educators fed answers to students or erased and changed the answers on tests after they were turned in to secure promotions or up to $5,000 each in bonuses
china's navy rescued 225 foreign nationals and almost 600 Chinese citizens from the danger zone. they included 176 people from Pakistan with the remainder from Ethiopia, Singapore, Italy, Germany, Poland, Ireland, Britain and Yemen. a Turkish naval frigate has evacuated 55 Turks from Aden, Turkish foreign minister Mevlut Cavusoglu confirmed.
former IRS official Lois Lerner refused to answer questions during a congressional subpoena on may 22, 2013. the house oversight committee subpoenaed her after she refused to testify voluntarily about her role in the tax-exempt status scandal. on his last day in office, the u.s. attorney told house speaker boehner that Lerner could wrap herself in the u.s. Constitution's Fifth Amendment.
Joni Mitchell has suffered from Morgellons disease throughout her life, and has dedicated herself to trying to get it accepted as a medical condition. sufferers say they are constantly itching, and large sores develop on their skin from which colorful fibers grow. Mitchell, who suffered from polio as a child, remains in the hospital, but is said to be in 'good spirits'.
jamyra gallmon, 21, has been charged with first-degree murder while armed for allegedly stabbing to death 30-year-old David Messerschmitt. the victim was found with multiple stab wounds to the back, groin and abdomen along with one wound which pierced his heart and another which hit his spinal cord. the victim texted his wife at 7.45pm on february 9 to tell her he would be home in an hour after leaving his law office.
Tracy Stratton said her daughter, seven, suffered physical attacks and verbal abuse. she claims the seven-year-old has almost stopped talking and is afraid to leave house. a psychologist diagnosed Tianni with PTSD, she added.
Samantha Cameron was pregnant throughout the 2010 campaign. gave birth to their fourth child Florence in Cornwall after she arrived weeks early. the couple cooed over seven-week-old Regan on a visit to Chorley, Lancashire.
fire started in a service tunnel carrying electrical cables yesterday. more than 2,000 office workers had to be evacuated due to the blaze. blaze has not been put out entirely and firefighters still do not know the cause.
Joseph McEnroe, 36, from carnation, was convicted of slaying four adults and two children - aged three and five - in 2007. the same 12 people that found him guilty of the murders are now determining whether he will be executed or sentenced to life in prison without parole. in an attempt to spare his life, he told the court on Thursday he 'thought' he had to kill Wayne and Judy Anderson, their son and daughter-in-law Scott and
six-month-old baby died with traces of cocaine in her stomach in 2013. her parents had been reported to social services five times between 2008 and 2012 amid concerns of alcohol abuse, domestic violence and child neglect. a review released today has called for a host of lessons to be learned.
Shauna McGlasson, 25, was so overweight she ballooned to 17st. she became trapped in the turnstiles of the Alice and Wonderland ride. the mother-of-one was left red faced after the embarrassing incident. she has since lost 7st and now weighs in at just over 10 stone.
David and Margaret-Ann Rous were on an Easter getaway in the highlands. they had arranged a secret visit using their light aircraft to see family. but when they failed to turn up at the island's airstrip, a search party was scrambled. wreckage of the plane and the couple's bodies were found in hills in Argyll.
McDonald's announced Wednesday that it will increase starting wages for full- and part-time employees to a dollar over the minimum wage. the company said the increase will be instituted starting July 1. it expects the average wage to be more than $10 an hour by the end of 2016, up from the current rate of $9 an hour.
the 39-year-old played an 18-hole practice round on Tuesday at augusta national. he said on his website: 'it's obviously very important to me, and i want to be there'. woods last competed at the Farmers Insurance Open on February 5.
high-ranking female administration officials becoming pregnant are virtually unheard of. 'all workplaces are adapting and that includes the white house,' said Obama legislative director Katie Beirne Fallon.
jess Ainscough, 30, died in late February after a seven-year battle with cancer. she spurned chemotherapy and radiation, choosing to fight with a controversial treatment known as Gerson Therapy. but in her final weeks - the most 'difficult' weeks of her fight - she began a course of targeted radiation, her partner says. 'this year has stripped me from the one thing that brought magic to every other aspect of my life,' he says.
labour leader admits he 'blubbed' while watching the film last year. the film centres on the 1984 miners’ strike and the plucky underdogs are a group of gays and lesbians who travel to south Wales to express their solidarity with the local branch of the national union of mineworkers.
the man, wearing an orange high-vis jacket, can be seen leaning out the sliding door of the van as it hurtled down the motorway. he appeared to be laughing and making jokes with his colleagues inside the van as he hung his body out. the incident, which police are investigating, is believed to have gone on for five minutes as the man pulled off the'stunt' just yards from lorries.
Donald Trelford had his son Ben when he was 73 and his daughter Poppy when he was 76-years-old. he was 76 when Poppy came along last may, making him, I believe, the oldest living new father in the world.
'with different policies over the last 20 years, all of this could be avoided,' she said. 'california is a classic case of liberals being willing to sacrifice other people’s lives and livelihoods at the altar of their ideology,' she said.
the four-metre long king cobra Raja has delivered almost 500 milligrams of deadly toxin for veteran handler Billy Collett. the toxin is enough to fill a shot glass and 40 times the amount of venom of a brown snake. it will be distributed between research institutes across the country.
Gigi, 19, took inspiration from the Keeping Up With The Kardashians star. she said: 'from Kendall I learned how to deal with the haters'.
Tara McIntyre, 24, was left virtually wheelchair-bound after the crash. she had just popped out to the shops in her small KA when she was hit. she suffered life-changing injuries including a fractured spine and pelvis. judge branded the drunk-driver's driving'madness' and jailed him for two years.
beyoncé, Kelly Rowland and Michelle Williams performed together during the 30th annual Stellar Gospel Awards in Las Vegas last weekend. it was the first time they performed together since appearing during the halftime show at the super bowl in 2013 in new orleans. the group received a rousing standing ovation from the 9,000-plus crowd, but they weren't introduced as Destiny's child.
the sisters have teamed up with 'Print All Over Me' and 'buffalo shoes' 'we don’t like to model, so we decided to add wigs and sunnies so we can hide behind them and they don’t see us,' says jess.
governor Jerry Brown observed the survey on Wednesday, which found the lowest water level in the Sierra Nevada snowpack since 1950 when records began. the fourth consecutive year of vanishing snow spells trouble as California depends on it to melt into rivers and replenish reservoirs. the governor's order requires cities and towns to cut water use by 25 percent.
the 51-year-old vowed to help ‘make it right’ for the city’s thousands of displaced citizens. he personally backed the building of 104 homes in the lower Ninth quarter of the city, decimated in the 2005 storm, which killed almost 2,000.
the tiny fishing village of Jose Ignacio is almost unknown around the world. but every summer, the creme de la creme of the fashion world, celebrities and more than a few millionaire playboys converge of the beach. from Colombian singer Shakira to playboys and restaurateur and playboy Giuseppe Cipriani - the man behind the glamorous Cipriani restaurants.
Graeme Oxby documented the dedicated fans at events across the uk. the 50-year-old even visited their homes to capture images for his series. he said: 'the fans I met were mostly quite old although, there's a new generation of people discovering the music of the King'
driver attempted dangerous manoeuvre on the A39 between Street and Glastonbury. gambled on finally passing lorry driver, Nick Townley, at a set of lights. but he miscalculated as road narrowed and lost control at 50mph. swerved in front of truck and caravan whiplashed into a lamppost. accident closed the road for several hours as police cleared up debris.
fearless atif Saeed, 38, from lahore, Pakistan was in the city's safari park when he spotted the male lion in the distance. armed only with a camera, he crept up towards the hunter and fired off a few frames before retreating to safety.
new film tells the story of how a young woman went half-way across the world to try and find a suitcase stuffed with $1m dollars. it was claimed that Takako Konishi believed the film fargo was real when she was found dead in a mini-skirt and high-heeled boots in the frozen wastes of Minnesota. but it turns out that it was all a simple misunderstanding between a small town cop and the woman from Tokyo who could not speak english.
Asia Siddiqui, 31, and noelle Velentzas, 28, were arrested in queens, new york on tuesday for allegedly plotting a terrorist attack. Siddiqui was friends with the one-time editor of al Qaeda magazine Inspire, who was killed in a 2011 drone strike in Yemen. 'take me to the Lands where the Eyes are Cooled' details Siddiqui's aspiration to 'drop bombs' and
mensa was formed by australian barrister Roland Berrill and scientist and lawyer Dr Lance Ware in 1946. more than 121,000 people worldwide are members of the elite society. a top two per cent score on an IQ test will qualify you to join Mensa. the tests are designed to stimulate memory, concentration, agility, perception and reasoning.
students this year will likely spend of a third of their prom budgets on the elaborate new ritual. budgets for outfits, flowers, transportation, food and other sundries at around $1,000 for the average american high schooler.
the bgt judge will host a new series on ITV highlighting the plight of the animals arriving at the centre in Birmingham.
Konstantin Sivkov wrote a column for the Military-Industrial Courier. he said that Russia needs new'megaweapons' to unleash chaos and guarantee destruction of its enemies. he said that the main objective of the new system would serve as an asymmetric threat against the US, which is'moving to the borders or Russia'
nine members of the same family were arrested in turkey. they include the son of a labour councillor in Rochdale. the family are expected to return to the uk from turkey this week.
researchers at the Okinawa institute of science and technology graduate university (OIST) in Japan have found a similar pattern in two places - skin cells and fairy circles in the Namibian desert. they used satellite images of fairy circles and a computer to draw lines halfway between each pair to give them invisible boundaries. the majority of skin cells and fairy circles both had six 'neighbours', and similar percentages of fairy circles. 'it's a completely amazing, strange match,' said professor Robert Sinclair
department store has knocked £250 off 9ft pre-lit peardrop with 500 lights. a 64cm high 'Cambric and Cream Father Christmas Sack' is now £17.50. there are now 108 items priced at £5 or less.
passengers risk being kicked off the flight if they don't comply with ban. alcohol purchases from duty free shops are no longer allowed in the cabin. follows a handful of incidents involving boorish behaviour.
Noah Thomas, 5, was last seen watching cartoons at his family home in rural Dublin, Virginia, on march 22. his body was found in a septic tank on their property on march 26. his parents, Ashley Jennifer white, 30, and her partner, Paul Thomas, 32, have been charged with child abuse and neglect. the couple's 6-month-old daughter was removed from their home and placed in the custody of social services the day after Noah's body was recovered.
terror group will imprison anyone caught smoking or turning up late for prayer. those who fail will be forced to take an 'islamic course' at end of prison term, they will be forced to take a test. those who fail will be fined and kept in prison until they pass.
the state-of-the-art commercial helicopter has a luxurious 88-square-foot cabin and space to fit 20 passengers in boardroom-style comfort. buyers are expected to use the craft for offshore oil and operations and also expects to be used for difficult search-and-rescue missions. textron are yet to officially release a price but industry observers are listing it at a whopping $15million (£10.12m)
a 24-year-old man is believed to have shot dead his father and tried to gun down a family friend before turning the rifle on himself. his body was discovered alongside his father Greg McNaughton’s near a shooting range at a farm in the caves, near rockhampton in central Queensland on Tuesday. in February 2012, Tim was issued with a ‘shooter’ firearm licence by the northern territory police. he posted a photo of the license on the social media site he wrote: ‘
two trainee obstetricians have been removed from a newly developed $2 million hospital in western australia. the move was reportedly based on reshuffling junior medical faculty. it follows recent reports that blood and bone fragments were found on supposedly sanitised medical instruments.
prince of derring-do will begin month-long attachment with the australian defence force tomorrow. he will visit the war memorial and lay a wreath at the Tomb of the Unknown Soldier, both in Canberra. the 30-year-old enjoyed his 250mph flight from goodwood to the Isle of Wight.
photographer Kayli Henley was snapping pictures of six-month-old son Taos and his 20-year-old mother, Sierra Sharry. she asked the photographer if she could make their family complete. a ghostly filter fitted the image around his girlfriend and son, as if he were standing over them. the image has been liked more than 200,000 times and shared more than 25,000 times.
the unidentified man and woman were in their 50s and from Cleveland. bodies were taken off the ship by a team of FBI crime scene investigators. cruise ship departed Tampa, Florida, on sunday for a two-week cruise in the southern Caribbean.
the 26-year-old royal was joined by boyfriend, virgin galactic's Dave Clark. she looked glamorous in her knee-length black leather dress. unfortunately the dress is sold out.
a royal night out will be released next month to coincide with the anniversary of VE Day on may 8, 1945. it shows the young princesses Elizabeth and Margaret as they wander incognito through the city streets. 'it was a Cinderella moment in reverse,' says the Hon Margaret Rhodes, 89, first cousin to the queen and her best friend.
the association of professional flight attendants slammed the ad campaign. argues the sponsorship deal was at odds with Kidman's role as a united nations women's goodwill ambassador. Etihad has rejected the allegation, arguing its commitment to its employees is one of the airline's top priorities.
90 per cent of patients were able to get an appointment in 2013/14. the 10 per cent who could not amounts to around 33.8 million unsuccessful attempts each year - or 81 per surgery each week.
the $2 billion fiona Stanley hospital in southwest Perth was stripped of its medical service provider Serco after they failed to return sterilising equipment by an arranged date in February. the company was fined $60,000 and was subject to department of health workers auditing its staff. the hospital has been found of continuing to operate with poorly sanitised instruments.
thief Sofia davila, 21, would flirt with men she had contacted on facebook. she would spike their drinks and wait for them to fall unconscious. when they did, she would rob their homes after they fell unconscious. she was caught after trying to trick police that she was innocent bystander.
Nicola Horlick, 54, said she felt a noticeable difference in her body. her eldest daughter died from leukaemia in 1998 aged 12. she breastfed in the office while carrying out job interviews. 'it is better for you and better for the baby,' she said.
windows to tower view hotel smashed after 'premeditated' attack. hotelier, 61, claims to have received intimidating phone calls. she appeared on channel 4's 'four in a bed' criticising other hotels.
the young couple share their amazing travel photos on their tumblr and Instagram pages. the adventurers travel from their home state of California to Hawaii and Indonesia. the pair have 735,000 followers on their tumblr and 1.1million followers on their Instagram.
a 57-year-old man in grand prairie, texas was jailed this weekend after nearly two decades of code violations for his unruly lawn came back to haunt him. the issues include high grass over a foot long, overhanging tree limbs, a dilapidated wood fence, an inoperable vehicle and junk in the yard, and a dirty swimming pool. the city of grand prairie says they tried several times to reach out to Yoes over the years, but that
a little more than a month before her husband, 63-year-old rabbi Bernard 'Barry' Freundel, is set to be sentenced for his crimes. his wife, Sharon Freundel, gave a lecture at a Maryland Jewish school about how to respond to traumatic experiences. 'as you all know, I've become an expert in PTSD,' she told the room of about 150 people.
the 41-year-old doorman manned the front desk of the luxury 27 on 27th building in Long Island City, queens, up until march 29. he told the Post he 'gave his life' for his wealthy tenants and would go out of his way to do any personal tasks they asked--all while keeping a cheerful smile on his face. but that willingness to go above and beyond for tenants--by taking care of pets and watering plants--didn't sit well with the
the fish, which lives in rocky crevices in the Mediterranean and Atlantic ocean, can whistle, croak and grunt. males build nests under rocks during mating season, which runs from May to July and sing to attract female visitors. because males are fiercely territorial, their song also serves as a warning for rivals to stay away.
leo the Staffordshire-Boxer cross knocked one of the hob's knobs, turning it on. the heat set fire to a child's seat left resting on the electric appliance. more than 10 firefighters were needed to extinguish the flames.
urology specialist cut holes in shampoo bottles and emptied and dried them. he then hid his iphone inside so he could film men in the gym showers. 42-year-old could be struck off after he was found with the footage. he faces being struck off at a hearing to determine whether he will be struck off.
the search for a two-metre south american boa constrictor has been called off. police mistakenly believed it was a harmless python and set it free. snake catcher Tony Harrison warned it could be 'unbelievably contagious'. but biosecurity Queensland officials have now given up looking for the snake.
shrine erected in memory of those killed during the crash at dusseldorf airport. it has revealed the first picture of captain who tried to break into cockpit. this is the only photograph to have emerged of pilot Patrick Sonderheimer. but the shrine also includes a picture of co-pilot Andreas Lubitz. he had been plotting the disaster online under the name skydevil.
today's airstrikes targeted rebel-controlled army camps in the red sea port city of Hodeida, and hit warehouses belonging to a factory that produces dairy products. jets drew return fire from anti-aircraft guns as the campaign to defeat the Iran-backed Shiite rebels loyal to deposed president Ali Abdullah Saleh enters its seventh day.
Bunkie King, 60, had a 15-year affair with australian actor Jack Thompson. he was also involved with her sister, Leona - nicknamed le - who is nicknamed le. she has now revealed the salacious details of their unconventional arrangement.
the ex-bonjovi guitarist, 55, allegedly told former business partner Nikki Lund he would 'dig a hole in the desert and bury her' police in the wealthy los angeles suburb of Calabasas confirmed to Daily Mail Online that Sambora is a 'person of interest' in an active investigation into criminal threats.
PDSA says obesity levels in pets is at an all-time high. around one in three dogs and one in four cats are already overweight. carots named as the worst culprit as they are high in sugar.
the 13-year-old was interviewed by the bexar county sheriff's office last month. she said she was punched in the face and forced to undress. a lighter was held to the side of her face, burning her.
the national union of teachers (NUT) said government strategies designed to tackle extremism and terrorism have instead'shut down debate' teachers said they now feel nervous discussing controversial issues. they also claimed young people feel unable to express their views on certain subjects for fear of being branded an extremist.
park inn by radisson has launched 'e-scapes', a virtual 'holiday' experience. customers can appear to be on a trip according to their social media accounts. 'virtual holidays' cost just the fraction of the price of a traditional 'holiday'
Billy-Anne Huxham, 18, was kidnapped at knife-point by her ex-boyfriend. she was found by police after she made contact with a family member. her ex partner Carl Garry Chapman, 32, has been charged with a string of offences including assault, torture and deprivation of liberty.
ink may extend all the way to the wrist once the rules go into effect. regulations about the size and number of tattoos are also set to be dropped.
health minister Dan Poulter, lib dem minister Tom Brake and labour frontbencher Gavin Shuker imposed strict cuts on their calories. they put themselves at the mercy of a personal trainer for men's health magazine. each was given strict orders to eat more healthily, do more exercise and take better care of their bodies.
a stolen electric meter had been illegally connected to the rental home where the family was living since November. the utility says the meter was disconnected for safety reasons on march 25. Rodney Todd and his two sons and five daughters then used a generator for power. they were last seen alive on march 28.
apes in south east Asia produce soft 'hoos' that are almost inaudible to human ear. scientists have found the animals use whispers to communicate information. a dictionary that decodes the calls produced by gibbons is being developed.
the 42-year-old is preparing to head to federal prison for bankruptcy fraud. he lost his driver's license and was fined the maximum of $10,000. he pleaded guilty in October to unlawful use of an ID and impersonation. his wife, Teresa, is serving a 15-month federal sentence on the fraud charges.
summer Robertson, 21, died after being overpowered by fierce currents off a beach. she had been helping youngsters in one of south africa's poorest townships. her parents have paid tribute to their 'bubbly tomboy' who was a 'bubbly tomboy'
shadow chancellor refuses to rule out trying to balance the books. number of people paying 40p tax has already risen from 2million to 5million. but the tories have promised to lift the threshold if they are returned to power. labour has vowed not to increase VAT or national insurance as part of measures.
former air stewardess was left paralysed after being hit by illness. she assumed partying during a stopover was the cause of her pain. but for seven months her family watched on as she was left frozen in her own body. spent seven months in specialist unit where she learned to talk, write and even partly walk again. today, the aspiring model is making her catwalk debut in a wheelchair.
a picture of a woman flashing her size-K breasts appeared on google street view. the 38-year-old mother from port pirie has been charged with disorderly behaviour. police allege the mother 'pursued' the car to make sure she was exposing herself. she will appear in the port pirie magistrates court at a date to be determined.
a 51-year-old woman has been charged with a string of offences. she is accused of verbally abusing her neighbours and swinging a crowbar at them. the incident took place in Cloverdale, east Perth, on saturday. the woman is a refugee from Congo who has been working as a cleaner in australia for more than eight years.
the 37-year-old was stranded for more than two months off the coast of north carolina. he was found on his single-masted 35-foot boat on tuesday afternoon. he was not dehydrated and refused treatment when he was checked over. the coast guard crew who rescued him said he had a small smile on his face when they landed on his vessel, expecting him to be covered in blisters.
father-of-three Adam Crapser, 39, arrived in the u.s. in 1979 with the name Shin Sonh Hyuk along with his biological sister. at no point did his guardians seek the green card or citizenship for him that they should have. his criminal convictions, ranging from burglary to assault, made him potentially deportable under immigration law.
australian man reportedly facing death penalty for smuggling ice in china. Ibrahim Jalloh and Bengali Sherrif were arrested at airport in china. sherrif's sentence could be reduced to life in prison if he is well-behaved.
writer and leading atheist activist believes he has compiled compelling evidence that proves Jesus did not exist. he claims there are no contemporary mentions of Jesus in historical accounts from the time when he was supposed to have lived. however, other Jewish sect leaders from the time do appear.
one-eyed extremist's'special' sense of humour and love of grenade launchers praised. biography posted just after midnight on the Taliban's main website. described him as actively involved in 'jihadi activities', dispelling speculation he died long ago. enigmatic, remote figure has not made a public appearance since 2001 invasion.
Randy Johnston, 68, from Dallas, Texas, decided to leave two 'fake poops' on his granddaughters' beds. his son then went about filming the moment of discovery. but footage shows that the prank turned out to be decidedly disastrous, with his six-year-old granddaughter Porter getting red-faced and crying in horror.
'gruesome scenes of mass graves and further evident signs of slaughter' brought to light. if confirmed, BGoko Haram's reported use of children as shields and human bombs would constitute war crimes and crimes against humanity.
putin will consider any attempt to return Crimean peninsula to Ukraine declaration of war. he will take any necessary step - including using nuclear weapons - to retain control. also said to be planning imminent 'destabilising actions' in pro-Western Baltic states. disturbances likely to involve cyber attacks or ramping up ethnic tensions.
Kourtnie A. Sanchez, 25, was arrested Monday on charges including electronic solicitation, unlawful sexual relations, solicitation of unlawful sexual relations and three counts of promoting obscenity to a minor. she was a student teacher at Marshall Elementary School in Eureka during the fall 2014 semester.
115-year-old Jeralean Talley of Inkster tops a list maintained by the Los Angeles-based Gerontology Research Group, which tracks the world's longest-living people. Gertrude Weaver, a 116-year-old Arkansas woman who was the oldest documented person for a total of six days, died on Monday. 'that's the best advice I can give you. it's not in my hands or your hands,' she said.
amateur jockey Lee Ferguson hit the fence after his ride stumbles wildly. the 18-year-old's waist collides with the barrier with such force he pivots. the jockey from hawick is propelled into an almost perfect 360 degree trajectory.
mobile phone companies boasted 4G would be ‘five times faster’ than 3G. but the actual figure is actually only 2.5 times faster - 14.7 megabits per second. compared to 5.9Mbit/s per second on the 3G service that most people use. 4G services are likely to slow down as more people connect to them.
John R. Lind, 34, admitted on Thursday to tainting pat maahs' drink with his semen. he masturbated over her desk multiple times while she was away. he pleaded guilty to indecent exposure, defined as engaging in lewd or indecent behavior.
the victims of a horrific medical experiment run by the united states in Guatemala that deliberately infected individuals with syphilis are now suing Johns Hopkins. the lawsuit, which has 750 plaintiffs and includes victims and their families, is seeking $1billion. it claims that officials from Hopkins approved the study and even helped to plan and monitor it as it ran from 1945 to 1956. some of the individuals who are still alive were almost all children when they were unknowingly infected, and many were orphans
animal charity has no more legal actions left under the Hunting Act. last month it dropped the case against William Bryer, joint master of the renowned Cattistock Hunt in Dorset. following criticism for spending £22.5million pursuing animal welfare prosecutions last year, the charity is now reviewing its policy on fox hunting cases.
more than 600 people are part of the Havasupai tribe, which is the smallest Indian nation in America. the village of Supai is concealed at the bottom of Havasu canyon, in the heart of the Havasupai Nation reservation. tourism has formed the majority of their income, with about 20,000 visitors flocking to discover more about the inhabitants.
Li Chien, 30, had been visiting a pub in Xiulin Township, north-eastern Taiwan. he became annoyed at the dog barking and went to his neighbour's yard. he slit the throat of the mixed-breed called Lucky. the animal was found several hours later by his distraught owner.
residents danced in the streets and blared their horns following the deal. it aims to prevent Tehran making a nuclear weapon in exchange for phased sanctions relief. the marathon talks between Iran and the west had run over their deadline by more than two days.
depressed Donna Oettinger, 41, sought urgent psychiatric help in the months before she and her son Zaki died on train tracks in south London in march 2013. she had attempted to kill herself three months before the tragedy but was unable to receive the treatment recommended to her by doctors. her mental health had declined after discovering Zaki's father, an Egyptian national who could not travel to the uk, had a second family. she also was using cocaine regularly for six months and became convinced she had caused
Mohammed Alam, Sayed Juied and Sadek Miah raided 21 muti-million pound homes. they took a Ferrari, porches, minis, paintings and cash worth £1million. gang were undeterred by security systems, instead viewing them as a sign a property was worth raiding. if valuables were locked in a safe, they would simply cut it out.
an unnamed trader made a profit of approximately $2.5million on friday thanks to a tweet from the Wall Street Journal. the trader purchased 315,800 shares of chipmaker Altera at $36 a share for a total cost of $11,368,000 plus $110,530 for a $0.35 call option. after factoring in the intital share price and call option, the trader made a 2,220% profit of roughly $2.5million.
the eVolo magazine skyscraper competition was established in 2006 to recognise 'outstanding ideas for vertical living' the first place in this year's contest was awarded to a team of Polish designers for its project Essence Skyscraper. the main body of the building is divided into 11 natural landscapes including open floor plans, water floors, fish tanks lifted up to 98 feet (30 metres) above ground, and jungle areas. a jury of experts chose three winners and awarded 15 other designs with honorable mentions
leading historian says the bureau chose to cover up the potential role of a high level informant in the killing rather than tell the truth. by destroying the files the FBI disobeyed a direct order not to do so from a Congressional committee which had been set up to investigate the killing of King and former president john f. kennedy.
the 27-year-old is serving a 35-year sentence for espionage and computer fraud. sent out 15 tweets on friday afternoon - mostly to thank her supporters, including the american civil liberties union, amnesty international and journalist Glenn Greenwald. gave a shout out to Rage Against the Machine frontman Tom Morello.
Deborah Fuller, 56, dragged her dog Tango behind her car at 30mph. he was left with injuries to all four paws and grazing to his chest. fuller denied causing unnecessary suffering to an animal by not taking it to the vets and failing to take steps to safely secure a dog within a vehicle. fuller has also been banned from keeping animals for five years and had her 27 other dogs confiscated.
the writer from new york city hasn't washed her hair in six years after a friend told her that giving up shampoo was the secret to gorgeous locks. after vacation she started wrapping her hair with headbands every day and scrubbed her scalp with her fingers.
police executed search warrants at the Eagle Medical Practice and a private residential address on the island of Alderney. the force was alerted by the health & social services department. a doctor was excluded from treating patients at the Mignot Memorial hospital.
more than 1,000 Cuban properties are listed on the popular home-rental website. private rooms are available for as little as $12 (£8) a night. 40 per cent of listings are in the capital of Havana.
the 33-year-old tech and gaming journalist is one of the growing number of australians dressing up in hand-made costumes of their favourite comic book, television show or movie characters. the trend has exploded online and at conventions across the globe. she has been selected to host the cosplay championships at this year's Oz Comic-Con.
well-built man filmed lecturing a crowd of students at a school in ohio. excitedly asks 'everybody ready?' as he swings axe into co-worker's crotch. squirms violently on the floor as fellow-teacher shatters cinder block.
the man was arrested on Saturday as part of an operation against the far-left militant group. members of the banned leftist group - known as the DHKP-C - took senior Turkish prosecutor Mehmet Selim Kiraz hostage last week. both the prosecutor and the hostage takers were killed after a police shoot-out.
last month, the company and health officials said a 3-ounce cup of ice cream contaminated with listeriosis was traced to a plant in Broken Arrow, Oklahoma. the now-recalled ice cream product - cups of chocolate, strawberry and vanilla - is not sold in retail locations and is shipped in bulk to hospitals in 23 states. the recall, the first in the company's 108-year history, began when five patients at Via Christi St. Francis hospital in Wichita, Kansas, became
salvina formosa, 101, recently tripped over an uneven footpath. she now does weights and sit-to-stand exercises several times a week. the centenarian wakes up at 5am every morning and attributes her longevity and wellness to her fitness.
fan site appleInsider has spotted nine job listings on the firm's official recruitment site in the past month. these include an iOS battery life software engineer, a software power systems engineer, battery pack engineering manager and a cell engineer. the job listings were discovered by fan site appleInsider.
a 12-year-old girl is still missing after a tour boat she was on exploded. the youngster was in the toilet on board the Ao Nang Princess 5 ferry. between 100 and 110 passengers and crew had to be rescued by fishing trawlers.
with 68,000 followers, Ugaaso Abukar Boocow’s feed is a mixture of selfies, snapshots of daily life and Somali traditions. 27-year-old’s followers are surprised to see pictures that showcase peaceful scenes, happy faces and stunning beauty spots. she was two years old when she and her grandmother fled Somalia’s civil war and moved to canada.
Gizelle Laurente booked her son, Jacob, on a flight from Darwin to Brisbane. she said he was not allowed to board because of his autism. the airline said it had not been given the paperwork to clear an unaccompanied child. 'i was heartbroken for him, I just started crying,' she said.
kamron T. Taylor, 23, escaped from the jerome. Combs detention center in Kankakee at about 3 a.m. he hid inside the facility, then beat and choked the guard who was making rounds. after getting free of his two-man cell in a lockdown unit, Taylor hid out and attacked the guard, a military veteran with 10 years of correctional experience. by wearing the guard's uniform, Taylor was able to fool other guards in
Hakaoro Hakaoro was jailed in January 2014 for working without a licence. he took $3,000 from two siblings who wanted help with their immigration status. when the visa applications were denied, he dishonestly told them Immigration New Zealand was still considering their visas. acting on his behalf, his wife asked one of the siblings to move into their house, engage in sexual relations with Hakaoro and perform household jobs for them.
girl pictured surrendering to camera she mistook for a gun in refugee camp. german red cross worker did not realise how terrified she was until editing.'she raised her hands to surrender because she thought it was a weapon' follows image of four-year-old girl who also surrendered to camera.
burns went out to investigate where the beeping was coming from. he swiftly whipped out his camera phone to film the canine at the wheel. footage shows the animal standing up with his front paws firmly pressed on the horn. he refuses to get down from the device even when the camera zooms in.
Kevin Pimentel, 12, shot dead his six-year-old brother, Brady, at their mobile home in Hudson, florida last week. he then shot his older brother, Trevor, 16, in the leg and then turned the gun on himself. the boys were laid to rest in a joint funeral in port richey, florida on wednesday.
Tiffanie DiDonato, 34, from Swansboro, north Carolina, was born with diastrophic dysplasia, a rare form of dwarfism. she underwent numerous limb-lengthening surgeries as a child so she would grow to be 4'10 tall, instead of her previous height of 3'8. but even with the additional inches, parenting a rambunctious toddler can be difficult for the mom who often has to use crutches, or sometimes
former paramedic crsity Collins was high on crystal meth. the 30-year-old took herself to the emergency room six times while suffering drug induced psychosis. she has slammed health services for not offering her support. 'i should have never been allowed to be released so many times without a psych consultation or councillor,' she said.
tiny Himalayan kingdom is a land of myths and magic - a Shangri-La where, as legend has it, tigers fly through the air and witches reside in ancient forests. Buddhism lies at the heart of society and houses are decorated with dragons, animals and phallic symbols to guard against malicious thoughts.
Carlos Colina, 32, pleaded not guilty in Cambridge District Court to charges of being an accessory after the fact to assault, battery causing serious bodily injury and improper disposal of a body. remains, including a torso and limbs, first were found in a duffel bag discarded outside the building of technology company Biotech. the head of victim Jonathan camilien, 26, was found in a recycling bin in Colina's apartment building across the street.
Dangelo Connor, from new york, filmed himself messing around with the powerful weapon in a friend's apartment. he first waving it around, then sending volts coursing through a Coke can. but his antics all went horribly wrong when he electrocuted a bracelet he was holding.
orgasmic meditation involves light stimulation of a woman's clitoris for 15 minutes without interruption. the aim is not necessarily to orgasm but simply to 'feel' the sensation as intensely as possible. there are currently over 10,000 practitioners worldwide and 2,000 in the UK alone.
father-of-two Steven Christopher Costa, 31, plans to leave his home in Devon. he will make the 4,000-mile trip after raising the cash to pay for flights. when he arrives in Iraq, he will join up with Kurdish fighters and ex-servicemen who have joined the battle against the barbaric Islamists.
the experiment is being run by researchers at the Japanese space agency (Jaxa) german researchers are currently testing a greenhouse system, which uses recycled urine to manufacture fertiliser. they hope to build a greenhouse in Antarctica to test the first space garden in 2016.
a federal judge has ordered the irs to hand over a list of the 298 tea party groups it targeted with broad and often intrusive questions when they applied for nonprofit tax-exempt status. conservative groups are a step closer to being allowed to pursue a class-action lawsuit against the government. the agency has admitted playing political favorites with the tax code beginning in 2010, when it began applying extra scrutiny to groups with red-flag words like 'patriots' or 'tea party' in
the Zombie is a fruity cocktail made from three different types of rum, lime juice, falernum, Angostura bitters, Pernod, grenadine, cinnamon syrup and grapefruit juice. Jungle Juice is a fruity cocktail made with fresh fruits steeped overnight in a bottle of grain alcohol.
Lisa Colagrossi collapsed from a brain aneurysm on march 19 and never regained consciousness. her mother was greeting mourners at her funeral when she was approached by her daughter's boss. 'you are the reason i am standing in this church,' she said.
Kristin Holmes, 26, allegedly uploaded the controversial image on facebook. captioned it: 'i'll post a few actual pics of me so you know the difference' she then 'exchanged words' with other users on the site, it is reported. after a user reported the picture to police, she was arrested. she has since been charged with harassment by computer, it is reported.
he claimed overall caps on net migration would be 'ludicrous'. but he added that the 50,000 limit'might change every year'.
three-year-old siamese Choupette earned £2.18million last year. it's just £220,000 less than cara delevingne, one of the world's top models, who took home £2.4million. the cat has two personal maids and travels by private jet.
manual urges activists to appear 'level headed' and 'agreeable' it also encourages them to compliment people's homes. comes amid growing scrutiny of the party's manifesto commitments. its membership surged to more than 50,000, outnumbering the lib dems and ukip.
the 42-year-old referee for college football's Conference USA has been considered before for a position in the league before she was chosen to start in the league next year. she has previously refereed preseasons games, scrimmages and minicamps after becoming part of the NFL's training program since 2013. the mother of three credits her success in sports to being raised with brothers.
it's been nearly a year since the 28-year-old disappeared from the media spotlight. a former fixture on red carpets and social media, he now rarely tweets. his sister Khloe has previously revealed that she believes her brother suffers from social anxiety.
Joshua Malatino and his then-girlfriend, Samantha Scott of the Snow Kone Joe ice cream truck business in Gloversville, upstate new york, were charged in April 2013. the driver of a rival truck said the two had repeatedly harassed and stalked him. the resolution to the case marks two years of bitter legal battles between Malatino, Scott and Phillip Hollister.
latisha Fisher, 35, charged with second-degree murder for allegedly killing 20-month-old gavriel Ortiz-Fisher in a bathroom at 5 Boro Burger in midtown. she allegedly locked herself in the bathroom where she was later found holding her unconscious baby boy. she had a violent past and a history of psychiatric problems, but she was evaluated as mentally fit as recently as last year.
Paris Picnics delivers picnic baskets filled with wine, baguettes, cheese and crisps. customers can pick from one of four picnic options on offer and order online. the service is the brainchild of american couple Patrick Johnson and Katia Kroupnik.
Kathrin Goldbach and her family are said to be afraid of being blamed. the 26-year-old maths teacher, her rescue volunteer brother and their parents have told friends they do not plan to return to their home in the centre of the close-knit rural community of Montabaur. a friend of the distraught family said: 'the hatred of the world is coming down upon her'
the 90-kilogram nest is measured at one metre tall and a circumference of three metres. it was located among a blueberry bush and destroyed overnight when the wasps were dormant. experts believe it's the largest subterranean European wasp nest ever discovered.
Chris Trokey, now an orange county fire authority paramedic, saved the life of Dr. Michael Shannon when he was born premature in 2011. he was trapped in his burning SUV after it was hit by a semi-truck and pinned beneath it in his vehicle. four years earlier, he had been driving on a road in california when he was hit by a truck and cut out of the vehicle. he went to hospital where he spent more than a month recuperating
a 71-year-old man and 64-year-old woman were both charged with unlawfully possessing a firearm. carcasses of more than 50 greyhounds were found at the bush site in coonarr, near Bundaberg, on Tuesday. early investigations suggest the dogs were killed as they were too slow.
Randy Pierce, from Nashua, was one of only 10 percent of competitors to successfully complete the Tough Mudder's 'King of the Swingers' obstacle in California last week. he lost his sight when he was just 22 years old, from a neurological disease that also left him in a wheelchair. he has since climbed all 48 mountains in new hampshire, as well as run 30 road races, with his guide dog Quinn.
the 85-year-old won 212 races during his 14-year career. he also spoke about how he has swapped high-octane vehicles for a tiny electric car that has a top speed of just 50mph. he said:'staying fit is a way of life more than anything else'
Tina Campbell paid £100 for the weave but her scalp became infected. she spent the day of her 29th birthday in bandages after her nightmare.
video shows 27-year-old jared Henry of Arkansas being knocked off his longboard while the doe spins on its stomach into a ditch. after coming to a standstill, Henry rolls over on the tarmac and opens his mouth in apparent pain.
the red lady's remains were found in the El Mirón Cave in Cantabria, Spain. radiocarbon dating suggests she was buried 18,700 years ago. when the remains were first uncovered they were stained with a sparking red material, later found to be red ochre from a haematite crystal. a mandible and tibia suggested a full skeleton was placed towards the rear of the cave.
Taylor Davis, 20, was seen in the Kissimmee, Florida store, touching himself and possibly following a female shopper on Tuesday. while in the store he was listening to audio pornography on his phone and inappropriately touching himself inside his sweatshirt. he then began following a woman he found attractive around the store. he also reportedly wiped bodily fluids on three boxes of Hefty trash bags inside the store which were thrown away.
parking attendant mistook the throttle for the brake in a £300,000 supercar. the driver ploughed the car through the front of a shop before hitting 60mph. the supercar is one of the most powerful ever produced by the italian manufacturer.
poster urges women not to leave friends alone or wander off with strangers. women's rights groups say rapists are to blame for sex attacks, not victims. but anti-rape campaigners say it implies victims are to blame.
71-year-old's childhood home in scarsdale, new york, hit the market this week as he prepares to face murder charges in california. realtors have glossed over the checkered past involving Durst's mother's apparent suicide when she jumped off the roof at the age of 32. 27 Hampton Road is described as'meticulously maintained', 'gracious', and 'elegant'
the event was an attempt at breaking the record for the world's biggest, with 500,000 eggs laid out for thousands of youngsters. but it descended into mayhem as parents raced into the field armed with baskets of their own. 'little two- and three-year-olds were crying. there was no organization at all,' a mother said.
this roundup of events from across the country will provide fun for the kids. keep your little ones entertained for hours with probably the world's largest Easter egg hunt in the maze at Traquair castle. learn how to play the fool at the royal court and take part in the games in the gardens.
excess salt contributes to the deaths of tens of thousands of americans each year. guidelines currently dictate the people should limit their intake to 2,300 milligrams, with an even stricter 1,500 milligram limit for African Americans and people over 50.
a passenger made the awful discovery on a train travelling through the area. the 52-year-old said the smell was so bad it forced the operator to cancel the service. a spokesman for network rail said the 'act of vandalism' was 'disgusting'
Samsung will be main supplier of the A9 chips in apple's upcoming range. this isn't the first time the tech giant has manufactured parts for iPhones. but it signals that the frosty partnership between the two may be thawing.
the Canadian Fair Trade Network is hoping the images will make people think about the garments they are wearing and just where they have come from. the labels tell the tragic stories of factory workers from Bangladesh, Cambodia and Sierra Leone. each label says that the product is 100 per cent cotton - but adds that is not the whole story.
Fergus Simpson from the university of Barcelona applied a mathematical formula to assume aliens obey the same laws of conservation of energy as animals do on Earth. this means larger animals need more resources to survive, so are less common than plentiful ants, for example. if intelligent extraterrestrials exist they will typically weigh 650lbs (300kg) - the median weight of a polar bear.
cave was built near Vallon-Pont-d'arc in southern french 36,000 years ago. it contains 1,000 painstakingly-reproduced drawings of 425 animals and 450 bones. experts used 3d modelling techniques to capture each marking and position them correctly on the bumpy replica walls to the millimetres. cave is the oldest known cave decorated by man but is not open to the public.
Tina Sinatra, 66, ridiculed claims that the singer could not have fathered her son. rumours about the parentage of her son have dogged the actress. in 2013, mia farrow admitted the singer may be the father of her son.
meaghan Hudson, 25, said she was suffering from multiple myeloma in 2013. close friends shaved heads and got tattoos of inspirational song lyric. fundraising website set up for her by her stepmother, Margaret Hudson. a further $2,000 was raised for her at a bowling alley event.
he said he wanted to 'keep his mind as clear as possible' before debate. but he admitted he would break drink ban at 6pm before heading into studio. 'for a big event like this there is a risk people over-prepare,' he said.
friends claim both her birth certificate and passport prove she was born in 1880. they now want the Guinness book of records to document that achievement. the current record holder is french woman jeanne Calment, who was 122 when she died in 1997.
seven babies and three mothers died at two hospitals in the space of eight months. royal oldham and north manchester general were investigated by investigators. 'notable absence of clinical leadership' in maternity wards found. team also found 'failure to adequately plan care' in a number of cases. also found risk management was 'below standard' in some cases.
the unique psychedelic cartoon, which is hand-painted, depicts the eponymous submarine from the 1968 film. the rare celluloid painting, known as a cel, was used as a master version from which artists working on the film created all other images of the wacky vessel. more than 240 artists and animators worked full time for an entire year to produce the film using revolutionary techniques.
maxine Fohounhedo, 30, was charged in December with kidnapping and raping a female passenger he picked up after she ordered an UberX ride the month before. the 22-year-old woman told police she was intoxicated and fell in and out of consciousness during the ride with Fohounhedo. she alleged that she eventually woke up in Fohounhedo's apartment as he was having sex with her.
australian drug dealers' last ditch legal appeal against their death row sentence was heard in Jakarta's state administrative court on Monday. the court decided against allowing the pair's lawyers to challenge the decision by Indonesian President Joko Widodo. 'this is proof of their tendency to delay... it's like toying with law,' said attorney-general HM Prasetyo.
india mayhew, seven, suffered serious head injuries after horse bolted in matheran. youngster was rushed to hospital but doctors declared her dead on arrival. police said staff and girl's father managed to control the horse.
mother-of-one Alison Hall, 48, was at work when she felt her chest tightening. she took a sharp breath and felt something shoot to the back of her throat. mother-of-one ran outside in a panic when a neighbour came to her rescue. after five minutes of choking, a false nail finally came loose from her throat.
'blackjack' gambled £1.7m in a single night in 2006 and left entire estate to wife. but 61-year-old claims she is owed'reasonable provision' following his death. she claims six of his children are supposed beneficiaries of his alleged handouts.
the 50-page divorce papers of Charlie Chaplin and his second wife Lita Grey were found in a bank in the us. they lay bare the film star's 'cruel and inhumane' treatment of his teenage bride during their short-lived marriage. he was said to have bedded the impressionable 16-year-old after promising her marriage and then tried to convince her to have an abortion when she fell pregnant. on their wedding night he was said to have told friends that the marriage was
anti-ageing doctor Julie Epstein found guilty of medical misconduct. tribunal found she was irresponsible diagnosing drugs such as steroids. she also failed to keep accurate or comprehensive patient records. she could also face being struck off after an investigation revealed she had been giving substances such as anabolic steroids to 40 patients.
researchers reviewed more than 800 school threats covered in the media during the first half of the 2014-15 academic year. about one-third of cases involved violent remarks sent anonymously via text message, social media, email or other online means. authorities say the majority of the time threats turn out to be hoaxes.
the bathroom debacle caused people to wait more than one hour to get to one of only two working bathrooms. 'i'm all for renovating, but I've now missed two innings trying to get into the bathroom,' said one Cubs fan.
the 'Pie-egg-ra' dish contains one and a half Cadbury's Creme Eggs. it is served with chips at a price of £2.75 at his chip shop in Preston, lancashire. the 55-year-old blind-bakes the pie casing as the egg would otherwise melt down. one-and-a-half Creme Eggs were popped in as a filling before being battered and deep-fried.
mother-of-two Lindsey Norman spotted the image in a six pack of buns. she bought them from her local sainsbury's in Peterborough, Cambridgeshire. 'it made me giggle to myself because it's coming up to Easter,' she said.
medical professionals at the university of Arkansas for Medical Sciences in Little Rock ruled out several causes for a 56-year-old man's kidney problems. black tea has high levels of oxalate, a chemical known to produce kidney stones and even lead to kidney failure if consumed in excessive doses. the man was admitted to the hospital in may complaining of nausea, weakness, fatigue and body aches.
the 40-year-old fashion police co-host was seen leaving the Trump international hotel in new york city on her way to a today show appearance. in her memoir, she has detailed her tumultuous relationship with Jerry, who she first met in San Diego.
former boxing promoter had final sex change operation last week. 61-year-old was expected to stay in hospital for 10 days. but she has been released four days early and is recovering at home.
Ivan Carlos, 22, and eighteen-year-old Brenda Avilez were sleeping in a trailer at the Lone Oak Mobile Home Park in Palmetto at around 2.30am. the driver of the white Chevrolet SUV lost control of the vehicle and crashed through the fence, killing the couple. Avilez was nine months pregnant at the time, the fetus did not survive. the driver, 35-year-old Christian Crawford, who had recently been released from prison, was taken to a hospital
the Milat Letters, is a compilation of 94 notes from Milat to his eldest nephew Alistair Shipsey. he tells Shipsey about his 'fair share' of'sheilas', who write'some frightening things' - and one woman who has even proposed. 'a lot of wackos out there as well. a lot of them write to me at times,' one of the letters reads.
the 43-year-old was brutally sexually assaulted while reporting from Cairo in 2011. she was surrounded by a mob of 200 - 300 men after being dragged away from her TV crew in Tahrir square. she was rescued by a group of women and up to 20 Egyptian soldiers.
dated prince Harry for two years, after being introduced to him in 2012. the pair split last year, despite rumours that they planned to marry. she's bagged herself a modelling contract with Mulberry.
the hot spot, near the Four Corners intersection of Arizona, Colorado, New Mexico and Utah, covers only about 2,500 square miles (6,500 square kilometers), or half the size of Connecticut. a recent Nasa map shows it produces more than triple the standard ground-based estimate - and researchers say they don't know why.
cheap labour from Asia and having the length of working visas doubled are two ways of combating the childcare shortage. the productivity commission has suggested extending the length of working visas for live-in nannies from overseas could help tackle the childcare shortage. nannies paid as little as $250 a week are not the answer to limited childcare and rising costs.
pensioners John and Elizabeth Knott lived in an 'idyllic' £500,000 retirement cottage. but 71-year-old had been struggling to cope after his wife developed Alzheimer's. a travelling family bought a plot of land next door and he was battling plans. he shot his 70-year-old wife dead before turning the gun on himself.
cave photographer, John Spies, 59, captured the sheer magnificence of the vast, yet intricate, underground wonderland. with over 15km of awe-inspiring passages and wide expanses of water, it really is one of Laos' hidden treasures.
Richard and Angela Maxwell scooped £53,193,914 on the draw on tuesday. the couple, both 67, are now 10th on the national lottery rich list. they plan to retire and play bowls with the huge windfall.
Diane Greenberg, a devout Catholic, and her husband Bob, who is Jewish, decided to split their family when it came to religion. Katie, 24, had a confirmation, attended weekly Catholic instruction and remains a committed Christian to this day. while Steven, 21, was circumcised when he was eight days old, and was given religious lessons in an Orthodox Hebrew school.
star Reader was diagnosed with Biliary Atresia within days of being born. her parents were told she would need a liver transplant in order to survive. her mother was not a suitable match, but her twin sister gave up part of her liver to save her niece's life.
Virginia Roberts had hoped to join a lawsuit involving convicted paedophile. but judge ruled her claims should be struck from the court record. he refused to make a statement regarding the veracity of her allegations. but he issued an order that 'lurid' and 'unnecessary' claims should not be involved.
the outage 'briefly had an impact on the White House complex' but it was 'back on the regular power source' by the time he began his briefing approximately an hour and a half later. the impact on the white house was'minimal', but was unable to say how many offices in the west Wing were affected. a possible cause was an explosion at a power plant located in southern Maryland.
Jeffrey Williams, 20, is accused of shooting and wounding the officers on during an early-morning rally sparked by the resignation of Ferguson's police chief. all inmates are informed their phone conversations while behind bars are recorded and can be used as evidence against them. despite the warning, Williams spoke freely about the incident in calls made from the justice center.
disgraced banker was in charge of HBOS when it collapsed in 2008. he faced calls to step down from his role as non-executive chairman of pharmacy 2U. many of those whose details he is selling on are vulnerable in society.
the picture of Rosa Camfield and baby Kaylee became an online sensation before it was announced that she had passed away on Monday. Rosa's granddaughter, Sarah Hamm, 33, described her grandmother's life from tumultuous youth in the depression era, to a difficult divorce in the 1950s and all the way to her third marriage in her 80s.
dermatologist, 65, was 'devastated' over rumors comparing him to a character on the Netflix show, unbreakable Kimmy Schmidt. he was known for working with stars including madonna, Kelly Ripa and Stephanie Seymour. he died after'suffering from an illness,' his publicist said.
the orphaned youngsters were nursed back to health by a kind-hearted animal lover. nursed originally on milk, custard creams were introduced slowly to see whether the cubs were ready for food. the first of the cubs, named Little Star, was half the weight of an apple when it arrived at the secret world centre.
'now that this is behind us, let's move forward together with a renewed commitment to the civility and respect that make this state great,' Indiana governor Mike Pence said after signing his state's amended measure. the two, GOP-controlled states were in a frenzy this week to quell national outrage over legislation meant to satisfy evangelicals.
Christian Englander, 30, was arrested on suspicion of disorderly conduct and battery during a show in new Mexico on monday. on tuesday he threw a banana peel at a black man outside a bar in Santa Fe, new mexico. on tuesday he threw another banana peel at a man who confronted him about the first attack.
first-of-its-kind technology is available for $50 per flight from 10 US airports. allows owners to track their pets' journeys in real time via a website. hoped the technology will give owners peace of mind during their travels.
some of the 2,500 police officers involved in tracking down the bombers showed a lack of 'weapons discipline' during two firefights, a new report reveals. in the first standoff, the officers fired 'toward the vicinity' of the brothers 'without necessarily having identified and lined up their target' they also reportedly failed to appropriately aim their guns. amid their chaotic shooting, transit cop Richard donohue was critically wounded. shortly after the firefight in watertown,
seven rare artifacts found on display at the Honolulu museum of art. they are believed to have been smuggled into the u.s. by an art dealer. dealer, Subhash Kapoor, was arrested in 2011 and is awaiting trial in india.
a new series of photographs of the late artist Frida Kahlo have been released as part of a new book. the images portray the artist at her most relaxed, standing in her garden or languishing in her bed. they were taken by a german-born french photographer who had travelled to Mexico in 1950.
Xiangyu Ouyang, 26, was on a state-sponsored scholarship from Singapore when authorities say she began dosing the bottles with paraformaldehyde--a potentially deadly form of embalming fluid--starting last September. the recipient of Singapore's prestigious Agency for Science, Technology and Research (A*Star) scholarship has been dropped from the top university. she could face as many as 8 years in prison.
five-month-old Elijah suffers from the fatal genetic disease Type 1 Spinal Muscular Atrophy (SMA) he gets weaker as he grows older, and doctors say he will probably not survive his second birthday. his mum Jessica and dad Andrew have compiled a 30-item bucket list for their son to complete before he passes away. they plan to show him as much of the world as they can in his final days.
stunt performer, Antti Pendikainen, attached a parachute to his snowmobile to safely deposit him on the ground. captured on camera, these amazing images show the moment the Finnish driver took to the skies. instead of plummeting 1500 metres to his death, Pendikainen, defied gravity by floating effortlessly above the snowy peaks.
11-month-olds were surprised when a ball appeared to disappear through a wall. they repeatedly banged it on a table in an apparent attempt to work out its secret. babies were also perplexed by a toy car that appeared to defy the laws of gravity.
the three men - Thomas Jordan Driver, 25, David Elliot Moran, 47, and Charles Thomas Newcomb, 42 - were arrested Thursday and each faces one state count of conspiracy to commit murder. the state said the murder plot started after Driver, an officer at the department of corrections Reception and Medical Center in rural north florida, had a fight with the inmate. the three were also members of the Traditionalist American Knights of the Ku Klux Klan.
Emirates and Etihad Airways were travelling in opposite directions. incident occurred over the Arabian sea in Mumbai airspace. both airlines insist safety was never compromised.
former premier made unannounced visit to the cash-strapped government last month. but secrecy surrounding his trip stoked fears he is being deployed to encourage western investment to the country. there is concern over plans for development of the sacred pine-covered Noyon Uul region around 65 miles north of Ulaanbaatar.
researchers cut real skin samples and then attempted to rip them by pulling them apart. they found mammalian skin has stress resistance properties that prevent holes and cuts from expanding. curly fibers of collagen that make up dermis of the skin straighten and stretch in response to a tear to share the load and prevent further damage.
the 48-year-old tourist was stopped by police after she wrote her name and the date on the dome of the Florence Cathedral. italian media said the make-up pencil did not leave any permanent marks, but the woman was charged through an interpreter.
marvin "Papi Gallo" Jones and Ramon Luis Nicolas were in the middle of a bout when the black phone slipped out from Jones' black and red shorts. referee Frankie Santore Jr. went over to pick up the phone and looked like he was chastising Jones. the audience and viewers were baffled as to why Jones had his phone in his shorts.
the grade II listed building was previously known as Bridewell Prison in Liverpool, and housed inmates for court appearances and short sentences. the quadrangle of former cells across four floors has been transformed into slick modern rooms complete with hi-spec en suite bathrooms.
a 30-year-old mother-of-two allegedly stabbed her family dog with a kitchen knife because she thought it was possessed by demons. the mixed-breed dog lost a lot of blood but was taken to a veterinarian and is expected to survive - while doody is in jail on $1,000 bail.
17-month-old Charlene Bishop went to feed her pony Taffee. she was worried when she didn't meet her at the gate as normal. her mother found the pony lying on the floor and dying from horrific head injuries.
the block's four apartments are now on the market with the auctions pencilled in for April 28. teams will be hoping to do better than The Block Glasshouse duo, including Darren and Dea who pocketed just $10,000 for months of hard work and time away from their family. contestants keep any money made over their reserves and the team that makes the most receives a $100,000 bonus.
figures show more than 1,000 GP training posts are vacant. in the east Midlands, 64 per cent of posts are unfilled. in the west Midlands 47 per cent of posts are empty. doctors warn the speciality has become unfashionable as junior doctors fear being overworked.
the duchess of cambridge has been dismissed as an 'uneventful' dresser. author Margaret Atwood said she thinks the duchess is cautious when it comes to clothes and is told what to wear by advisers. but added she is right not to follow in her husband's late mother, princess Diana.
people wearing thongs are no longer allowed in the Qantas lounges around australia. the airline warned back in February that it would begin strictly enforcing its business class lounge dress code from April 1. disgruntled customers have taken to social media to post their complaints.
misty Machinshok, 33, pleaded no contest to raping her 15-year-old daughter 'every few days' in 2013. she planned to tell friends and family that the teenager got pregnant with a stranger at a house party in their home town of Wilkes-Barre, Pennsylvania. her 29-year-old husband, who she met on onlinebootycall.com, admitted raping the girl 'every few days' throughout 2013 and sexually assaulting her 11
Hitchcock was born in 1899 in leytonstone, east London, the son of a wholesale grocer. he was educated by the jesuits and thought everyone was doing something physical and nasty behind every closed door. his entire oeuvre was a study of voyeurism, violence and guilt with, on one hand, the rape and murder of vulnerable women.
voters in last year's parliamentary by-elections lodged complaints about aggressive campaigning tactics, fights between rival supporters, and bizarre activities on polling day. one voter complained wealthy party donors were luring young activists to a key seat with the 'unfair' promise of free curry, nightclub entertainment and hotel stays. others accused politicians of 'fly-posting' while detectives were called when scraps broke out over conflicting 'political views'
86-year-old founder of far-right party says he 'never regretted' making similar statements. marine le pen distances herself from comments saying she 'deeply disagrees' with her father. 'the gas chambers were a detail of the war, unless we admit that the war was a detail of the gas chambers!'
the percentage of multi-millionaires globally has grown by 71 per cent. the city formerly known as Saigon has seen a 400 per cent increase. compared to the same period in the past decade, new world wealth has found Houston, Jakarta, Mumbai and, of course, Ho Chi Minh City are among the fastest growing.
the 38-year-old man stripped down to his skivvies and jumped into brush creek in Kansas City, Missouri, after being stopped by police. he spent 10-15 minutes swimming in chest-deep water and threatened firefighters with a log. he was taken to an area hospital to be treated for injuries to his arm and leg. he may face charges in connection to a hit-and-run crash.
'i think the rolling stone absolutely should be held accountable,' says student. he was portrayed as a callous social climber who discouraged a rape victim from speaking out. 'basic, even routine' failures in how the story was prepared, professors said. the most important failing was not contacting stock and another student, who spoke out alongside Stock in an interview with megyn kelly.
Anthony Ray Hinton, 58, walked free from the Jefferson county jail in the morning. he hugged tearful family members as he walked out and was embraced by his sister, Darlene Gardner. his sister sobbed as she hugged her brother: 'thank you Lord, thank you Jesus'
the Nigerian-flagged ship was being tracked by charity sea shepherd. charity believed it was engaged in illegal fishing off the west coast of africa. the captain and 40 crew managed to escape into life rafts after the ship sank.
woman, 21, spoke to call handler when she contacted firm over bill last month. but she was shocked when she was bombarded with flirty texts from the man. he called himself her 'future hubby' and asked about his 'in-laws' he has now been suspended by the network provider pending an investigation.
abdel-Kader Russell-Boumzar was granted bail in Brisbane's Magistrate Court on Thursday after a 69 day stint behind bars. the 17-year-old shot to notoriety when a video of him apparently spitting on and racially abusing 56-year-old train guard Josphat Mkhwananzi went viral. he was charged with numerous offences, including serious assault, creating a disturbance and racial vilification
the 65-year-old dermatologist and cosmetic surgeon to the stars, Dr Frederic Brandt, was found hanged in his Miami home. the city of Miami police confirmed the suicide after daily mail online broke the news earlier. he had been left ‘devastated’ by recent rumors comparing him to the grotesque character of Dr Franff in Tina Fey’s Netflix show.
'My, my! at Waterloo Napoleon did surrender,' sang fab four in their song. but if they laboured under this misapprehension they would have discovered the truth when they visited the Wellington Museum in Waterloo.
ginger tabby cat sneaked inside shipping container carrying laundry linen. staff at Mediterranean Linens in Moreton-on-Lugg, Hereford, heard meows. they found the eight-month-old kitten, who had made a bed for himself. he has now gone into quarantine in Bristol for four months.
an Audience with Jimmy Savile will open in london in june. it will be less than three years since the comedian's depraved behaviour was exposed in a tv documentary. author says the public is'ready' for the play to be shown.
singer, 24, unveiled as face of Rimmel's colourful new beauty campaign. showcases colourful collection of eyeliners, lipsticks and nail varnishes. recently unveiled own festival-inspired range, Rimmel: Colourfest Lip and Nail Collection by Rita Ora, for the beauty giant.
Kevin perz, 56, a father-of-four and business owner, graduated from high school in 1977. he has been looking up the teachers he has fondest memories of from his days at parkway central high school in Chesterfield, Missouri. over the past few years he has been mailing them a 'gift' he started in 1992, when he sent a check to his calculus teacher made out for $5,000. then in 2002, he sent a $10,000 check to his former business teacher
police had opened an investigation into the incident at a hotel in north Yorkshire. but victim Oisin Tymon said he did not want to press charges against him. officers have now decided to drop the probe without taking action.
pensioner was diagnosed with malignant melanoma in his septum. 71-year-old had to have his nose removed to stop cancer spreading. had metal implants inserted into cheekbones and nasal cavity to hold nose in place.
investigators have now shifted their focus to what caused the explosion. a criminal case is now expanded to include the building's landlord. sources say possible charges include second-degree manslaughter. in august utility workers discovered the gas line to the restaurant had been illegally tapped.
the 20-month-old infant was admitted to coolah district hospital on march 23. he was reportedly choking and struggling to breathe. police are treating the incident as suspicious and executed a crime scene warrant.
jerky puppets that rescued the world have been replaced by computer-generated images. 'there is something utterly magical about seeing a puppet come to life under the skilled operation of talented puppeteers'
Robert Mccombs said that when Steven Carl Day admitted to him and his roommate Roger Musick that he molested a young relative and that he was molesting other young girls, he strangled him to death. 'Day said he thought one of the girls was starting to like it,' Mccombs testified. Day met up with Musick and Mccombs at a bar on December 18 to have drinks for Mccombs' birthday and that's where the shocking confession allegedly
the project, launched last month, is part of a dramatic extension of the Help to Buy scheme. it doubles the number of new starter homes in england from 100,000 to 200,000. each starter home will cost no more than £250,000 outside London and £450,000 in the capital.
sculpture was commissioned by UKTV to mark third series of Sherlock. took over 250 man hours to complete and weighs 40kg.
university of Kentucky guard Andrew Harrison muttered 'f*** that n****' into a live microphone when another player was asked about Badgers player Frank Kaminsky. the sophomore's comment came as a reporter asked Kentucky's Karl-Anthony Towns about defending the 7-foot Kaminsky. he muttered it with his hand in front of his mouth, but the mic picked up the comment. Kaminsky said 'nothing needs to be made out
a high heel (up to 3.5 inches) can be swapped for a lower heel (1.5 inches) the shoes, which start from £260, are supposedly comfortable and come in a variety of styles. every shoe features a button on the inside of the shoe, in the centre of the heel. once a new heel is slid into the shoe, it is locked into place. at the press of the button, the heel can be released and slid out of place.
instinct to avoid arachnids developed as an evolutionary response to a threat. could mean arachnophobia represents a finely tuned survival instinct. it could date back to early human evolution in africa, where spiders with very strong venom have existed millions of years ago.
thug 'bounced around, triumphantly like a boxer' after attacking two men. he left one, an Army Lance Corporal, in a coma and severely brain damaged. he had survived bomb blasts during glittering military career. thug 'bounced around, triumphantly like a boxer' after the assaults.
the body of Andrew Getty, 47, was discovered in a bathroom at his gated, three-storey £2.6 million villa in the Hollywood Hills on Tuesday afternoon. he was an heir to the vast Getty oil fortune. a string of Gettys have died from drug overdoses.
court hears Kyhesha-Lee suffered blows to her stomach causing severe bowel damage. the three-year-old was locked in a bedroom by her father in 2013. her father Matthew Lee Williamson and his friend Christopher Arthur Neville Kent are each charged with manslaughter and child cruelty. they have both been released on bail.
documents allege Britain was actively spying on Argentina between 2006 and 2011. they include allegations it implanted computer viruses and circulated false propaganda to discredit the Argentine government. revelations come in the wake of already heightened tensions with the discovery of oil in the falklands by the british last week.
the canal was filled with heavy suds which appeared after a fire at an industrial unit occupied by a drug development company. it is believed that the water used by firefighters to dampen down the flames mixed with the detergent being stored in the burning buildings. this then turned into a huge wall of foam when it drained into the canal, which runs in the shadow of Manchester city's Etihad Stadium. the environment agency have launched an investigation to assess if the foam has impacted on wildlife.
a representative for the comedienne said she was not aware of her brother's decision to apply to medical school under a different name and race. this comes as he admitted his sister is 'ashamed' of him for opening up about his alleged experience ahead of the release of his new book, Almost Black. he will describe how he gained admission to medical school by transforming his appearance.
pressure on education system has intensified following a baby boom and migration. local government association warns they may not be able to create more places at the rate needed. analysis of official figures indicates two in five local authorities will have more children ready to start school than there are places.
the couple bought a 1986 Hino flatbed truck and undertook their year and a half labor of love to build a two-bedroom, wood and steel home. they couldn't afford to buy a full-sized lot in Nelson, new zealand, so they started building one step at a time. they now live almost self-sufficiently in a wood-lined lot surrounded by trees and a babbling brook.
in America, sales of tooth whitening products have risen 300 per cent since 1996. the trend for excessive bleaching has grown so commonplace there dentists have coined a new word for it — ‘bleachorexia’. symptoms include burning gums, tooth infection and the conviction that, no matter how much a tooth has been whitened, it could be paler still.
pregnant woman and partner left clinging to hull of their overturned trimaran. partner tied rope around himself before diving under vessel to locate flare. alarm was raised after man spotted couple in water a mile from shore. HM Customs cutter was on water nearby and was able to locate vessel.
the freezer trawler with an international crew of 132 sank this morning in the freezing waters of the Sea of Okhotsk 205 miles off Russia's Kamchatka Peninsula. 63 crew members of the Dalny Vostok were rescued with the sea's temperature near zero degrees Celsius (32 degrees Fahrenheit) a further 15 are still missing.
109 million Chinese tourists spent $164 billion in 2014, up from 10 million in 2000. a brawl started on a flight from to to Chongqing to Hong Kong over a woman's crying baby.
police searched an area near a Ford Motor Company plant in Michigan on Sunday for clues related to the disappearance of Chelsea Ellen Bruck. the 22-year-old was last seen wearing a leaf-covered top and dark purple wig at a Halloween party on October 25. she has not been seen since the early hours of October 26, 2014.
Jodie Barden, 28, is mother to eight-year-old Ella and one-year-old Chloe. both suffer from rare genetic disorder which gives them life expectancy of 12. condition is characterised by failure to gain weight, premature ageing and a small head.
labour launched poster declaring 'the tories have made it harder to see a GP' but critics were quick to point out his figures were out of date. a labour-supporting GP circulated a letter claiming 'five years of flat-line funding' have 'crippled the NHS'
Jamaica, Colombia and Saint Lucia have the highest percentage of female managers in the world. close behind are the Phillipines at 47.6 per cent and the philippines at 47.6 per cent. Britain is a country where 34.2% of managers are women.
Andrew Mogni, 20, from Glen Ellyn, Illinois, had only just arrived for a semester program in Rome when the incident happened in January. he was flown back to Chicago via air ambulance on march 20, but he died on Sunday at Northwestern Memorial Hospital. initial police reports indicated the fall was an accident but authorities are investigating the possibility that Mogni was robbed.
the most rev Justin welby said the victims were 'witnesses, unwilling, unjustly, wickedly, and they are martyrs in both senses of the word' he also made a nod to the recent agreement between Iran and the international community over its nuclear power.
a 10-year-old autistic boy was locked in a metal cage by his teachers. the structure was specifically designed as a 'withdrawal space' for him. the principal has been removed from the school and two teachers have been assigned to the school. 'the abuse or neglect of students with a disability is absolutely unacceptable,' said a shadow education minister.
survey of 19,000 people found benefits made people more likely to want a job. in Norway, which pays highest benefits, almost 80% of people wanted a job. in Estonia, one of least generous countries, only around 40% did.
denise and Glen Higgs, from Braunton, had all but lost hope of conceiving. Glen was made infertile due to cancer treatment at the age of 20. but using frozen sperm, doctors created eight embryos through fertility treatment. they had a daughter Mazy, born three years ago, and twins Carter and Carson.
Hayley Adams, 29, sneaked into William Tanner's bedroom and took cash. his daughter, 56, had earlier expressed concern that his money went missing. but she was shocked to discover the culprit was a trusted relative. while Adams admitted to taking about £65, victim's relatives suspected amount was closer to thousands of pounds.
the former secretary of state's campaign-in-waiting has reportedly signed a lease for two floors of office space in Brooklyn, new york. 1 Pierrepont Plaza will feature Hillary staffers rubbing elbows with a federal prosecutor and Morgan Stanley 1-percenters.
new york is in the throes of a cultural revolution thanks to a calamitous economic meltdown in 2009. but the island capital shows signs of recovery thanks to a calamitous economic meltdown in 2009.
a hearing in the case is scheduled for Friday in Alexandria. the ex-student has sued under a pseudonym to protect his privacy. the university is demanding he identify himself publicly, despite arguments that doing so would expose not only him but the woman who says she was assaulted.
more than 200 mourners gathered to attend funeral for 23-year-old. mother, Ana, wept as she watched casket being loaded into a hearse. he was on a second date at a sushi restaurant in the city's east village. his father, Nixon, told mourners: 'i'm here but i'm broken. my son is broken. my wife is broken. It hurts... It's heartbreaking for everybody'
the motoring programme's website used to feature the broadcasting trio. but now the racing driver appears solo in his white helmet at the top of the page. it comes just over a week after Jeremy Clarkson was sacked from the show.
actress Michelle Pfeiffer is set to star in a new television comedy about a morning news program produced by Katie Couric. the series was created by Diane English, who was behind the show Murphy Brown, about a female news anchor. Couric will serve as an executive producer and help 'ensure the series strikes realistic notes'
the 31-year-old's leg was injured after female elephants shoved him into a moat in 1990. he completed paintings with his trunk, which reportedly earned over $100,000 in sales. the elephant's 32nd birthday would have taken place on wednesday.
John Howard, 66, had been a member of the overseas press and media association for 30 years but began stealing funds two years ago. father-of-three enjoyed dining alone on several £300 meals a month and also spent money on flowers. he was jailed for two and a half years and mouthed 'i'm sorry' as he left the dock at Canterbury crown court.
sexting is 'not advised for politicians', says Deputy prime minister. he says it is 'risky' for young and 'dodgy' if you are older. sexting is 'ok for other adults but not for me', says green party leader. education secretary says: 'a bit too risky, thank you very much!'
'ghosts' tend to be sighted in old buildings, which are often more likely to have damp and mould problems. spores have been linked with mood swings, hyperactivity, and irrational anger, as well as cognitive impairment. exposure to toxic mould spores may cause brain inflammation and memory loss.
Kristi Gordon, of global BC, was joined by her fellow anchors as they reflected upon the degrading comments the mom has received about her second pregnancy. the online bullies, who left no name or return address, added: 'We now turn off Global. Cover up or take time off. The Group'
psychologist darryl dewar has surrendered his registration after a woman claimed he told her she had 'nice t**s' during a consultation. the woman, who was suffering from depression at the time, also claimed he called her 'a horny little thing' and asked her if her mother was a 'f---ing bitch' with 'lots of kids, multiple fathers'
the driver, 16, was thrown from the car after it careened over a 100-foot cliff and landed upside down on top of her. the girl, who has not been identified, was trapped under the car for more than four hours. the two other passengers, aged 16 and 17, were removed from the four-door sedan an hour after the accident.
more than 27,000 people signed a Change.com petition asking for an apology. a few days later, the lingerie firm changed the wording of the campaign. but similar brands have poked fun at the ridiculous message of the slogan.
Dimitri harrell, 21, reportedly pulled out his gun and pointed it at 19-year-old. carrying couple's three-month-old child, he then shot her in the face at close range. when medics arrived at scene, they pronounced her dead, police said. now, harrell has been charged with second-degree murder at court. suspect, who had 'trust issues' with miss white, remains in custody. if convicted, he faces up to 40 years in prison
children posted picture of eighth grade teacher on social media on friday. she was arrested for driving while her licence was suspended. authorities suspended three of the students for three days. school officials justified suspensions by saying they had demonstrated an 'inappropriate use of electronic media' but later overturned the decision following a backlash.
american YouTube user KentuckyFriedIdiot filmed himself teaching his newborn daughter how to suck a plastic water bottle.
Tiffany Sical, 21, and her boyfriend, Bryan Rodriguez-Solis, 23, were driving along Route 6 in Providence, rhode island, on sunday. but they were killed when 24-year-old Joel Norman allegedly entered exit ramp while under the influence and collided head-on with their car. incident left their six-year-old daughter, Jaylene Rodriguez, an orphan. now, Norman has been arrested and charged with two counts of driving under the influence - death resulting, and two counts
Ferme de Montagne proprietors ensure their staff spend a mandatory week working and gaining experience at the mayfair hotel before the start of each new season.
no serious injuries were reported in the crashes on U.S. Highway 36 between Boulder and Denver, but tow-truck drivers were kept busy hauling away damaged cars. in Aurora, near Denver, one person died after being thrown from an oldsmobile bravada that lost control and rolled on an icy stretch of Interstate 225. in the mountains, Interstate 70 was temporarily closed after several trucks spun out on snowy Vail Pass.
the jury is rapidly nearing a verdict in Aaron Hernandez's murder trial after the defense team presented their entire case in just one day. prosecutors took two months and more than 100 pieces of evidence to accuse the former new england patriots player of killing Odin Lloyd. prosecutors called five witnesses to testify on monday before resting at 3pm.
man named today as 35-year-old father-of-three named today as a care worker. he was pulled from the water at a 007-themed sex party in hertfordshire. fellow revellers tried to revive him but he was pronounced dead. post mortem examination due to be held today after which a coroner will rule.
party will launch billboard using image from famous 1979 ‘Labour Isn’t Working’ poster. but instead it will warn: ‘the doctor can’t see you now’. new official figures show 600 fewer GP surgeries are now open in evenings.
germanwings flight 4U814 to Venice was diverted to Stuttgart. airbus A319 aircraft appeared to be losing oil, airline said in a statement. yesterday, another plane forced to make an unscheduled landing in Venice.
Illume ArcLighter creates a ‘super high-intensity’ electrical arc between two ceramic electrodes at the tip of the lighter. it doesn’t need to be refilled with fuel but is instead powered by a rechargeable lithium-ion battery so users will never run out of fuel. inventors, based in Edmonton, canada, are raising money to put the lighter into production on Kickstarter and have almost doubled their goal.
five-year-old Ashya King was given the all-clear after receiving proton beam therapy. the five-year-old suffered from brain cancer but has made a miraculous recovery. three centres in the uk are set to open offering the cutting-edge treatment. the first in the Welsh capital will be operational by next year. announcement comes just weeks after the parents of the boy told of how he was given the 'all-clear' after receiving proton bean therapy.
casey Levi filmed the moment he tried to get his son Sam to eat a California roll with a $10 prize up for grabs. he stipulated that there must be no 'gagging or making any faces'
the official website of the Sydney Royal Easter Show lists the retail value of showbag contents. at least one of the bags cost more than it would to buy the items outright. the cowboy bag includes a toy sheriff's hat, a vest and a red bandana. the site lists the retail value of the items as $23.85.
AmberMarie Irving-Elkins was in the Stanley Mosk courthouse in los angeles to pay a fine when she felt a few contractions. she thought she had enough time to run a few last errands before the arrival of her baby. but the little boy, malachi, had other ideas. she was surrounded by officers and gave birth unassisted.
'if Iran cheats, the world will know it. if we see something suspicious, we will inspect it,' he said. 'this deal is not based on trust, it’s based on unprecedented verification,' he said. 'this deal is not based on trust, it’s based on unprecedented verification,' he said.
despite being given £100,000 of prize money, the 33-year-old is now broke and living off the charity of friends. he believes that finding fame on the show kicked off a range of problems that led to a dependency on the class B drug ketamine. seven of his friends have died from drug-related incidents since becoming famous.
the body of Raymond Howell, Jr. was found near a culvert in McKinney, texas - around four miles from where he attended school. friends said he had recently asked for a transfer after being bullied by older students. police have not confirmed how he died but said he died of a bullet wound.
prime minister pictured eating a hotdog with a knife and fork during a campaign visit. he was pictured leaning back in his chair in the sunshine in poole. the bizarre dining etiquette was designed to avoid a repeat of Ed miliband's disastrous attempt at eating a bacon sandwich.
official figures show more than half of those newly diagnosed with HIV in Britain were born overseas. labour leader branded comments ‘disgusting’ and former England captain Gary Lineker tweeted: ‘he should be ashamed. the fact he isn’t says so much’.
father-of-two, 38, stabbed prostitute Luciana Maurer dozens of times. as she lay dead on floor, he called two more vice girls over to his family home. father-of-two raped them before they managed to flee while still naked. his young son was asleep in the bedroom next door while he carried out crimes. pleaded guilty to murder and rape at the high court in Glasgow today.
Phil Blackwood, 32, sentenced to two-and-a-half years with hard labour in burma. he posted mocked-up image of Buddha wearing DJ headphones on facebook. tongue-in-cheek advert provoked outrage among devout Buddhists. found guilty of insulting religion along with bar's Burmese owner.
orphan Landon Carnie and his twin sister Lorie were found huddled together in a paddy field more than a day after the crash. they were thought to have died with scores of other youngsters when the first flight of Operation babylift crashed minutes after take-off. now 41, Landon has visited the crash scene and is thought to be the first child survivor to return to the countryside on the outskirts of Ho Chi Minh city.
the 55-year-old was out walking her dogs at the time of the blast. fire crews were called after a tremendous blast was heard in the kitchen. it caused a gas leak because the house is supplied by a propane tank. amazingly, no one was injured in the blast, which ripped through the house.
the bus and train were used to film one of the most memorable scenes of the past 25 years. the wreckage of the vehicles lie abandoned in the Great Smokey Mountains in north carolina. the scene was filmed using a real train hitting a real bus and cost an eye-watering $1.5million to shoot. remains of the vehicles were left on location where they have since become a popular tourist attraction.
actress Jessica Chastain recently purchased a $5.1 million apartment at the Osborne Apartments on west 57th street in Manhattan. the building is supposedly haunted by multiple ghosts, including the ghosts of opera singer Johanna Gadski and Alfredo Taylor. the apartment features four bedrooms and 3.5 bathrooms.
the 28-year-old rugby league player went into cardiac arrest after he was fatally stabbed with a knife in the early hours of Easter Monday. he was treated at the scene by paramedics before he went into cardiac arrest but later died in hospital. his 25-year-old friend remains in a serious condition in hospital and is expected to undergo surgery. pictures from his facebook account paint a 'top bloke' who loved travelling, partying and going to sporting events.
the student was identified with information provided by other students and will be subject to Duke's student conduct process. the noose was found about 2am Wednesday in a plaza outside the student commons building.
the graph is based on 94,526 images for the years 1800-2000. shows a clear trend toward more blue paintings toward the end of the 20th Century, with all colours increasing except for orange.
woman shot dead trying to attack police headquarters in central Aksaray. she was carrying a rifle, two hand grenades and one pistol, it said. tv footage showed police sealing off the street in the central area. attack comes a day after prosecutor mehmet selim Kiraz died in hospital.
the documents were filed by two students who were expelled from the university after Trevor Duffy, 19, of the Bronx died in November. his death came after a night of heavy drinking during a party held by Zeta Beta Tau members at an off-campus home. no one has been arrested and Albany police said their investigation is continuing.
leila alavi, 26, had taken out an apprehended domestic violence order against 33-year-old mokthar Hosseiniamraei after years of turmoil. she reportedly agreed to meet him on the day she was found dead in her car in an underground car park at Auburn shopping village in Sydney's west. her sister, mitra, has revealed her sister had moved into her apartment in a desperate move after being refused from several women's shelters.
a goat was found headbutting a door in the wealthy community. it was captured by police in the middle of a roadway around 5pm on saturday. a plastic bag was used to avoid contact with the livestock.
periscope, twitter's new iphone app which allows users to broadcast live video and audio to the internet, launched a week ago today. there are already a number of users reporting that they have been sexually harassed, or trolled, while using the technology. the app is already crawling with men who are using the anonymity afforded to them by the app's settings in order to sexually harass women.
Kinessa Johnson from Yelm, Washington, works for the Veterans Empowered to Protect African Wildlife. the organisation was founded by an ex-Marine and is made up of former soldiers who signed up post-9/11. she joined the group last November after a four-year stint in the services as a weapons instructor and mechanic.
the vaccine, developed in Canada, is based on an animal virus called vesicular stomatitis virus (VSV) that is combined with a portion of the protein covering of the Ebola virus. when administered, it induces an immune response against the virus.
anjelica 'AJ' Hadsell, 18, was last seen driving near her parents' home in Norfolk on march 2. police are searching a pond near Carrsville, Virginia, for her cell phone, which sent strange text messages to her mother shortly after her disappearance. her stepfather, 36-year-old wesley hadsell, was taken into custody late last month amid claims that he knows who took his daughter. he has admitted breaking into the home of the person that he believes took his daughter against
a transmitter is placed inside plastic eggs that let off a high-pitched beeping sound. the device was invented by bomb expert David Hyche when his daughter turned blind nine years ago. the blind children traded the eggs in for candy.
lib dem leader says idea of more than two parties forming a government is not 'going to work'. he said it would be a'messy' way to run the country and risk instability. a badly hung parliament could send financial markets into a tailspin.
the queen will lead the nation at a religious service commemorating the 70th anniversary of VE Day. a chain of beacons will be lit across the country and a star-studded concert will be held in london. a national two-minute silence will be held at the cenotaph at 3pm on friday, may 8.
the rapper, whose real name is. Robert Van Winkle, appeared in palm beach county court on. Thursday and agreed to a plea deal. he agreed to. perform 100 hours of community service and pay $1,333 to the. estate of a neighbor for allegedly stealing from the $1million home. the grand theft charge was a third-degree felony which carried a maximum penalty of five years in prison and a $5,000. fine.
the premier for western australia has sparked outrage after saying'some good' has come out of the year-long search for missing MH370. search parties have not been successful in recovering MH370 since it disappeared on march 8 last year. this comes as the wife of an australian passenger on MH370 spoke of her heartache, revealing she is yet to tell her children why their father hasn't come home.
part-time actor was going through customs to board his easyjet flight. airport staff thought his pease pudding was a plastic explosive. the 58-year-old was told his pudding could 'technically' be classed as Semtex.
Shigella infections, otherwise known as 'Delhi Belly' or 'Montezuma's revenge' were traced to people who had recently traveled to the Dominican Republic, India or other countries. symptoms include diarrhea, stomach cramps and nausea. the superbug sickened at least 243 people, in 32 states and Puerto Rico.
the echidna was spotted paddling out to sea off the Mornington peninsula. the video was posted online by YouTube user Emma B. echidnas, like many native australian animals, are 'proficient' swimmers.
more than 300 fishermen emerged from nearby trawlers, villages and even the jungle to make the trip. they were finally being rescued by the Indonesian Fisheries Ministry after officials issued a moratorium on fishing to crack down on poaching.
the 13 letters were estimated to bring in anywhere from $300,000 to $600,000, but received no bids at a Sotheby's auction on Wednesday. the current owner of the signage is Yankee Hall of Famer Reggie Jackson, who purchased the letters for an undisclosed amount after the stadium saw its final game in 2008.
rules laid down by transport for London (TfL) mean refugees and asylum seekers do not have to reveal whether they have a criminal history when trying to become a cab driver. legal loophole in official application document says people coming to Britain will not be required to have their criminal convictions checked.
Tutor Colin turnbull, 69, found in 'compromised position' with model lover. facility manager walked in on pair while they were engaged in sex act. pair were engaged in sex act during entrance exam day at £13,000-a-year school.
prime minister's wife swooped into Rochester and Strood, the seat held by mark reckless after he defected from the tories last summer. she joked that she was pleased that her campaigning duties did not stretch to a live television debate.
environmentalist group has rescued 35 crew members from a sinking ship. the poaching vessel Thunder issued a distressing signal, claiming that the ship was sinking at about 4.00pm on Monday. the captain of the Thunder, knowing he's run out of fuel, has deliberately sunk his own boat in order to destroy any physical evidence.
producer known as Naughty Boy - real name Shahid Khan - posted clip of I Won't Mind. it was thought to have been the 22-year-old's first solo single. he retweeted a fan video entitled 'Naughty Boy Saved Zaughty' which said 'Zaughty Will Rise'
labour’s shadow chancellor looked down at his feet and laughed nervously. he eventually answered correctly following a ten second pause. last month he revealed he still relies on his mother-in-law for help.
at a size 34B, Annabel Cole has long dreamed of having a bigger bust. so she decided to put 'the boob-job bra' through its paces. it comes with four pairs of inserts which can be layered to create different sizes of cleavage.
as short waves collide near the surface they create weak microseismic waves, which combine with long, more powerful waves dragging across the ocean's floor to create the constant hum. hum can drop as low as an E flat, 20 octaves below middle C on the musical scale. seismologists found the planet doesn't just oscillate following quakes, and instead is vibrating at extremely low frequencies all of the time.
there will be more Muslims than Christians in the world in less than 60 years. the religion's share of the world’s population will equal the Christian share. by 2100 around one per cent more of the world’s population will be Muslim than Christian, with the largest proportion of followers in India. Several countries are also projected to have a different religious majority by 2050.
Yahya Rashid, 19, of willesden, north west London, due to appear at court today. he was arrested at Luton airport yesterday on suspicion of preparation of acts of terrorism under section five of the Terrorism Act 2006.
Becky Watts went missing from her home in Bristol on february 19. her dismembered body parts were found 11 days later at a house three miles away. inquest opened and adjourned while criminal proceedings take place. her step-brother Nathan Matthews, 28, faces a single count of murder. his girlfriend, Shauna Hoare, 21, is accused of perverting the court of justice.
a florist in richland, washington was fined $1,000 in march for refusing to serve same-sex couple Robert Ingersoll and Curt Freed with flowers for their 2013 wedding. the judge found that the 70-year-old's refusal to provide flowers because of sexual orientation violated anti-discrimination and consumer protection laws. nearly half of the money on the gofundme.com page set up in february for Barronelle Stutzman came in the last several days. supporters
the piece topped the Classic FM hall of fame after listeners cast more than 200,000 votes. it topped the poll last year as well and four years ago was named the nation's favourite desert island Discs tune.
belinda Earl ran Debenhams, Jaeger and Aquascutum before becoming fashion director in september 2012. she is also the woman behind the retailer's brown suede skirt - out this month - which is now being branded the item that could save the business. sales have also been boosted by celebrity underwear ranges, like those promoted by models Rosie Huntington-Whiteley and David Gandy.
terminally ill fundraiser stole equipment from a charity for terminally ill children. the 44-year-old was meant to raise profile following devastating arson attack. he pleaded guilty to two counts of theft at Preston crown court. charity say he repeatedly let them down and left them picking up the pieces.
Becky Schoenig of St. Louis, Missouri was shocked when her brand new 2015 Ford Fusion was stolen from her driveway on Monday night. on April 1, she learned that police had found her car after receiving a tip from a man who recognized the vehicle as hers and would be returning it to her. as the car pulled up, she noticed that the rims had been spray painted red, there was red detailing on the sides of the car, and her steering wheel now had some orange accents. Rather than get upset
Bryan Santana, 20, found guilty of first-degree murder and sentenced to two life terms in prison. he choked and strangled his roommate, Shelby Fazio, 23, in a headlock before strangling her with a hunting knife. he then had sex with her corpse and wrote messages in blood on the wall, including: 'i'm not sorry for what I did'
thug left his girlfriend with 18 separate injuries after assaulting her over an hour. howie, 28, punched, kicked and kneed her during a prolonged assault. he also smashed furnishings and pulled the door of their en-suite bathroom off its hinges. miss Murray was unable to call police because the inn was so isolated.
thug hit stranger over head with bottle leaving victim with fractured skull. 20-year-old's attack described as'savage demonstration of violence' judge jailed him for four years after admitting wounding with intent to cause grievous bodily harm.
the 21-year-old's body was found in the boot of a burning car on march 13. firefighters made grim discovery in Ifield, near Crawley, west Sussex. police have released video stills and footage of the student on the night before. family pay tribute to 'inspirational, passionate and caring person'.
Kevin Franklin married his new wife in the italian Alps while his 80-year-old victim was forced to borrow money from his children because he could not afford any milk. the 58-year-old siphoned off the £400,001 fortune over an eight-year period but when he was finally arrested he told police: 'i played him' he was jailed for four-and-a-half years at warwick crown court.
Benito Gonzalez, 46, who pleaded guilty to a lewdness charge after allegedly masturbating in a Starbucks says his post-traumatic stress disorder is to blame. the father-of-three was suspended from duty after allegedly exposing his genitals and touching himself inappropriately. a surveillance photo posted to the cherry hill police Facebook page led to the father-of-three's arrest.
the successful applicant will have to travel to various royal residences. they must also order in 'freshest seasonal ingredients' from kitchen garden. comes after the queen was revealed to have surprisingly simple tastes in food.
pontiff spoke to tourists and pilgrims in the Vatican on Easter Monday. he urged for 'tangible help' for Christians being persecuted because of their faith. but he stopped short of suggesting what actions should be taken.
graffiti artist Xiao Wang said they wanted to raise a smile with burnt-out residents. he and his fellow artists painted 30 phone booths in five hours overnight. 'beijing warmth' project was called after he saw three people take their own lives.
the wraps came off the prototype of the new 10th generation car at the new york international motor show. it came just a day after it was announced that Swindon in Wiltshire will become the global production hub for the next generation five door Civic.
despite all this fascination, the rest of us remain baffled by the uncanny bonds identical twins share. pre-colonial Brazilians thought twins were a product of adultery. some primitive african societies abhorred twins because of the way multiple births resemble an animal’s litter.
account director at the data partnership reveals underhand tactics. they include starting with warm questions before going more financial. a brief disclaimer is read but bosses admit victims do not realise answering the questions will lead to dozens of calls from different companies.
helaman barlow was chief of the bordering towns of Colorado City, Arizona, and Hildale, Utah. he said he acted on the orders of the church's leader, Warren Jeffs, out of fear of losing his family. barlow said he was asked by a city official to alter police reports.
flight EI 660 left Dublin at 8.30am and was forced to return at 9.20am. it was confirmed that the landing was not an emergency, and the aircraft is undergoing an inspection to determine the cause. it was the second incident of the day at the airport, after two Ryanair planes collided while taxiing on the runway.
a bathing box on dendy street beach in Melbourne has sold for $276,000. it is a record amount for the bathing boxes in Brighton since they were first constructed in 1862. a mechanic’s garage in paddington, in inner city, has sold for $1.2 million. a couple have put the old kilmore gaol in victoria up for sale.
theodosia aresti, 71, was left devastated when her flat became flooded with sewage. she was left with a 'tsunami of sewage' after a blocked pipe flooded her flat. the nine-storey building's 239 other flats were also flooded.
the Easter Feast is stuffed with the equivalent of almost 100 teaspoons of sugar. it is available at the black milk cereal cafe in Manchester's northern quarter. the meal is so sweet it contains the equivalent of 388g of sugar or 97 teaspoons.
Hayleigh, 17, pretended to dump her boyfriend via WhatsApp at midnight. but she was given a taste of her own medicine when he pretended that also wanted to break up. she texted her partner on the social media app with the words: 'i don't want to be with you any more. I am not happy' but David replied: 'thank god you said it first so I didn't have to'
a black SUV, identified as 49-year-old Laura Michelle mayeaux, came off at the 397 exit and veered over to the wrong side of the lane. she then steers head-on into a truck which rolls over on its side with debris flying everywhere. as the back end of the 18-wheeler swings out, it pushes a red pickup truck off course.
nearly 3,400 miles were covered with 99 percent of the drive in fully automated mode. the nine-day trip crossed 15 states and the District of Columbia. along the way, the vehicle encountered traffic circles, construction zones, bridges, tunnels, aggressive drivers and a variety of weather conditions.
Bloomberg, 73, is 'considering' the move, according to reports in the uk. he has significant business interests in the city, and owns a $30million mansion. sources say officials could arrange for a switch to make him eligible. he was elected to the top job in the big apple three times in a row.
four 7-inch wide waffles, 12 scoops of thick ice-cream, four flakes and a giant portion of whipped cream are on sale at the cafe in north end, Portsmouth. diners who clear their plate within 45 minutes, with no toilet breaks, are awarded the meal for free.
disabled cat, called Freeman, was sitting in its front garden when the dogs pounced. the two dogs dragged the terrified cat on to its neighbour's lawn before tearing into the family pet. a woman appears to call over the dogs before walking off, leaving the cat to die in agony. the 90-second attack was captured on CCTV by a neighbour who passed the footage on to the cat's owner.
Kathleen Blomberg, a resident at the heavily damaged 125 Second Ave., has been reunited with her two traumatized cats, Kitty Cordelia and Sebastian. the american society for the prevention of cruelty to animals found the the the traumatized animals under Blomberg's bed and said it took about an hour to coax them out. after 21 years in the same apartment, she is currently looking for new accommodation for her and the cats.
mother-of-two, 32, from Morecambe, was diagnosed with PCOS at 12. she suffers from excessive hair growth on her face, breasts, stomach and legs. she has been fighting for six years for treatment on the NHS. finally got approved for laser hair removal treatment, which costs £10,000.
police say Edward Nudel, 41, broke into his relative's home on march 11 and strangled a 2-year-old Pomeranian named Lola 'in an especially depraved and sadistic manner'. after strangling the dog, he called the relative and said 'i killed Lola'.
high court threw out rules introduced to stop violent prisoners being transferred out of high-security jails. policy was brought in after fugitive armed robber Michael wheatley walked out of an open jail in may while on day release. he went on a robbing spree – pulling a handgun on staff at the Chelsea Building Society in sunbury-on-thames, Surrey.
a 'human molecule' might contain 375 million atoms of hydrogen, 132 million atoms of oxygen and 85 million atoms of carbon. by comparison, this human molecule contains just one atom of cobalt and three molecules of the metal molybdenum. when written out in full, the human molecule would read: co1 Mo3 Se4 Cr7 F13 Mn13 I14 Cu76 Zn2,110 Fe2,680 Si38,600 Mg40,000 Cl12
Remington 'Remi' Walden was killed when his family's 1999 Jeep with a gas tank mounted behind the rear axle was hit from behind by a pickup truck in march 2012. the fuel tank leaked, engulfing the Jeep in flames and killing the four-year-old. the verdict came nearly two years after Chrysler compromised with a federal safety agency and agreed to a scaled-down recall of some older-model Jeeps with the rear-mounted tanks.
150 outgoing art fans took part in a nude tour of an exhibition at the national gallery of australia on Wednesday night. the tour was led by Melbourne-based artist Stuart Ringholt. 'you don't have the clothing distracting you. and because of the light installations, everyone is very neutral,' said one man.
Jason Cotterill, 42, plagued his victim with abusive messages over the internet. he also emailed the woman a link to an online sex video she was in. court heard he knew his victim from childhood and knew she had been previously involved in making sex tapes. they met up for three dates between January and September 2013 but had sex on just one occasion. soon afterwards she began receiving 'creepy' messages from the defendant, saying he loved her and
police were forced separate Reclaim australia supporters and opposing protesters by forming a barrier between the separate rallies. crowd numbers continued to grow throughout the afternoon, and some protesters had to be treated by paramedics. it comes after a twitter account claiming to be linked with anti-islam groups has mocked protests being held around australia.
theresa may said police will have to record Islamophobic attacks as separate category. move has been hailed by Islamic groups.
the unique speech performed by 25-year-old has been viewed over 100,000 times online. it includes tributes to his brother and his bride and also delves into his childhood and says he always looked up to his older sibling. 'when you move out of home, I thought, 'thank the Lord, I won't be missing you,' he sang.
australian homeowners are making room in their backyards to allow budget travellers to pitch a tent and stay for a few nights. homecamp, which launched in January, has been attracting both backpackers and locals who are looking for cheap and fast accommodation. one Sydney host, Steve York, has been using the website to connect with potential guests and has already had four successful bookings.
Kenneth Lombardi, a celebrity reporter for CBS, filed a lawsuit against two of his bosses at the network this week. he claims one drunkenly groped and kissed him at a 2013 work christmas party and that the other aggressively came onto him during an after-hours meeting. he claims he was forced to quit his job in November and relocate to los angeles after two alleged sexual harassment involving two separate male bosses.
Catherine Nevin was jailed for life in 2000 for arranging to have her husband shot dead. the 62-year-old was allowed out on day release on wednesday afternoon. she was allowed to attend an addiction studies course in the suburbs. the course is part of her pre-release plan to integrate back into society.
a poll by yougov found that 28 per cent thought Nicola Sturgeon was the best performer. she has the most experience of governing of any of the seven politicians taking part in the debate.
Neymar scored twice as Barcelona cruised past Ligue 1 giants. the brazilian was on hand to embarrass fellow countryman David Luiz. the former Chelsea defender endured a horrendous evening in spain.
the justice department reminds prison officials that the Eighth Amendment of the U.S. Constitution requires them to provide inmates with individualized assessment and care for the condition. only inmates identified as transgender during their initial intake screenings are eligible for gender dysphoria treatment.
police seized £4million worth of heroin and cocaine from gang's'stash house' in north west london. officers also found stacks of money, counterfeit identity documents and equipment used for drug dealing. beheluli, 24, claimed he appeared on channel 4 dating show my little princess.
teachers want children to have more play time to encourage greater communication and social skills. they want schools to follow the lead of countries like Finland which has 15 minute play time after lessons. motion calls on the NUT to support play in the curriculum at Key Stage 1 (five to seven-year-olds) 'to reflect the needs of the children'
the collection, created by legendary make-up effects artist Rick Baker, is worth an estimated $746,100. some of the individual items are expected to fetch more than $40,000 when they are offered to the public for the first time. during his 30-year career, the 64-year-old worked on other films like an american werewolf in London, Planet of the Apes, Batman & Robin, Hellboy and Mighty Joe Young.
labour leader was mocked for his inability to eat a bacon sandwich properly. but adoring fans took to twitter to coo about his smouldering looks. one tweeted: 'Miliband is totally talking to me and no one else'
four-year-old Jayden Wingler of Phoenix, ariz., was interviewed by Fox News earlier this week about a theme park accident which left him with severe burns on his legs. while on camera, the youngster eloquently recalled what happened with arm actions and wide-eyed facial expressions to match his emotions. 'i said, "What? Is that the fire?!"' the adorable tot said while waving his hands in the air.
australian choreographer Wade Robson, once the singer's staunchest defender, now claims Jackson was a predator who repeatedly sexually abused him as a child. if judge gives Robson, 32, and Safechuck, 36, a green light to proceed with their civil claim, new child molestation allegations will likely be revealed in court against Jackson. lawyers say the King Of Pop shelled out nearly $200 million to as many as 20 victims.
the SS15-16 collection is said to be a celebratory nod to the excessive glamour of the Eighties. features bold Indian Pinks, Buttercup Yellows and Electric Blues against a backdrop of her signature black and white tailored pieces.
attorneys for the 19-year-old accused of sexually assaulting several girls at his former high school say there is a 'treasure trove' of evidence proving the girls lied about the abuse. the prosecution handed over 98,000 pages of social media records from several of the alleged victims, but the lawyers want further access to Facebook accounts to prove it. the court documents reveal a group Facebook chat where three of the accusers and three witnesses made plans to 'teach a lesson' to Kos
one of australia's most loved cooks, Lyndey Milan, has teamed up with aldi to create Easter lunch recipes. the home cook icon put her skills to the test by trawling the supermarket aisles to find healthy, fresh produce to turn into an Easter feast. the results of her aldi experiment include Greek lamb with salad and zucchini pilaf and herb crusted salmon with pea puree, smashed potatoes and carrots.
jamal al-Labani was in Yemen visiting his pregnant wife and their daughter. family say he was trying to fly them to Oakland, but could not because the country has shut down most airports. rebels from the Houthi Islamist group have been battling to take last foothold of fighters loyal to president mansour hadi.
today show hosts Savannah Guthrie and Carson Daly swapped gender roles in order to transform into two iconic characters from the hit movie Grease. the duo went head to head with Al Roker, willie Geist and Natalie Morales, who also donned long blonde wigs for their cover of australian singer Sia's Chandelier. the two teams were judged by TV star and model Chrissy Teigen, one of the hosts of Spike TV's new series Lip Sync Battle.
Gaby Tillero and Greg Ensslen bought the 1840s Creole home from the central city neighborhood after a church said they wanted to demolish it and expand their parking lot. the couple dismantled the home, moved it to the Freret neighborhood of the city and renovated it all the while using salvaged materials and respecting the home's original floor plan. Tillero and her husband Ensslen now live in the home with their two sons, six-year-
14million working households given an average boost of £200 a year to incomes. prime minister will make bold argument for continued lower taxes. he will add that it is ‘wrong – frankly immoral’ for Government to spend money like it grows on trees.
food stylist uses nail scissors, tweezers and a mini hairdryer to style food. viewers unleashed a barrage of negative comments on twitter after episode. 'no wonder fast food never actually looks like what they normally order'.
the strange formation was photographed by amateur astronomer Gordon Ewen. it is a sun spot and occurs when a concentration of magnetic fields causes the surface temperature to reduce. sun spots range in size from just 10 miles (16km) to 100,000 miles (160,000km) wide - big enough to be seen from Earth without a telescope.
Ile Lout is set 1148 ft from the shore in the midst of Morlaix bay in Brittany, and is the perfect retreat for up to 10 guests. guests can stay in the cottage once used by the lighthouse keepers, who had to manually guide boats through the waters. the neglected property was renovated in 2004 for the use of a holiday home, and guests can journey to the haven for a few days of relaxation.
faris al-khori, 62, had dozens of chemicals, poisonous materials, bolts and notes. equipment was found purely by chance after a fire at a block of flats. firefighters were responding to a 999 call over a fire within a rubbish chute. they forced entry to a flat registered to him and found jars containing powders. he also had a small amount of highly volatile explosive lead picrate.
former Great British Bake Off contestant, Iain Watters, has revived the classic. he has a modern twist on the fruity cake with pistachios, figs and nutmeg. the cake is decorated with orange zest and edible rose petals.
officials claim companies active there are acting 'illegally' in argentine territory. it comes after Britain struck oil in the falklands this week in a field. discovery could be worth billions and increase fears of renewed conflict.
the move proved an instant success as the $88 Paisley Asymmetrical Dress sold out almost immediately and created an online buzz for the range. many of the posts generated more than 1,000 Likes each, with several surpassing 5,000 Likes and some reaching rarified levels like 13,000 Likes.
eight animals are dead, including at least one alligator that once belonged to Michael Jackson, after a fire last week destroyed two enclosures at a zoological park in Oklahoma. authorities suspect an arsonist is to blame for the fire that left seven alligators and a crocodile 'boiled to death' at the Garold Wayne Interactive Zoological Park. not only did the alleged criminal set the fire, but also stole a large amount of equipment Schreibvogel used
the probation was decided last week but announced by the university Monday. last month, a fraternity was shut down because of an underage drinking incident in November in which a member of Sigma Phi Epsilon was taken to a hospital after drinking heavily at the fraternity house. last month, a 19-year-old student, Caitlyn Kovacs, died of alcohol poisoning after attending a fraternity party.
a new survey by Ripley's Believe It or Not! has revealed who we would most like to have as our celebrity parents. David Beckham was voted to be the number one celebrity figure Brits would love to have as a dad. Holly willoughby was voted the person we would most like to have as our mother.
the towers will monitor the 124mile long border between the two countries. they will be 115ft to 164ft and cost the polish government £2.5million. the increased border monitoring comes amid heightened tensions between Russia and Poland over the conflict in Ukraine.
doctors have told the pope to cut his pasta intake to two servings a week. they are concerned about the sedentary lifestyle of the 78-year-old. his weight is thought to be aggravating his sciatica, a nerve condition which causes back pain.
south Korean prosecutors indicted a man who slashed the u.s. ambassador in south Korea last month on charges of attempted murder. the 55-year-old was also indicted on charges of assaulting a foreign envoy and obstruction, according to an official at the Seoul Central District Prosecutors' Office. on monday, the recovering diplomat, mark lippert, was pictured out on the streets of Seoul flanked by five bodyguards.
latoya tilson, 33, took out.25-caliber handgun and fired into feuding crowd, police said. one bullet struck 17-year-old boy in buttocks, another hit 15-year-old son. he was lying unconscious on floor and bullet lodged in his head, it is alleged. on Saturday night, she was arrested on several charges, including aggravated assault and cruelty to children.
Vietnamese labourer Pham Quang Lanh, 28, had a metal plate inserted over his skull. botched operation caused his head to become swollen with a potentially deadly infection. but when he asked his family to look at the wound they noticed a dozen maggots crawling under the skin. they took him to the hanoi's viet duc hospital where they removed several maggots. but the infestation had actually saved his life by eating diseased tissue.
the four million square foot Motiongate Dubai is set to open in October 2016. it will include 27 different latest-in-technology rides and attractions. the last movie in the franchise is set to be released in the us in November this year.
Andy Murray attended Barcelona's champions league quarter-final second leg. the 27-year-old watched Lionel Messi and co defeat PSG 2-0. it was the second time in less than a week that he had visited the nou camp.
germanwings flight 4u9525 crashed into the side of a mountain in the french Alps. co-pilot Andreas Lubitz deliberately brought down the plane, killing 150 people. passenger hugh Roche Kelly posted on his twitter account how impressed he was with the pilot's pre-flight speech.
burgundy Kia Venga had its engine running and 'lurched forward' pensioner, 74, died at the scene in Pontefract, west Yorkshire, on march 25. her sister, 70, who was about to buy a pay and display ticket, was also injured.
reality tv star has launched his very own line of surf-inspired city wear. stars in a campaign shot on west Wittering beach, the closest surf school to london. says surfing is not just a sport, it's a culture and one which doesn't have to be left behind when you leave the beach.
pep guardiola has scored 115 goals for his side so far this season. the former barcelona midfielder gave the home side the lead on 14 minutes. defender jerome boateng doubled their advantage and levelled the tie at 3-3.
sailor claims to have survived for more than two months on his stricken boat. but doubters say he appeared well-fed, with pale, unblemished skin. he refused medical help despite claiming to have broken a shoulder. but he said:'my family knows i am telling the truth. the people who know me know that'
the 57-year-old Iowa native says he wants to focus on progressive policies, such as investing in education and protecting the environment. Kroeger appeared on Saturday Night Live from 1982 through 1985, and is perhaps best known for portraying Donny Osmond in a sketch with Julia Louis-Dreyfus.
the sokaze-ki Q uses fluid dynamics to take air in at the rear of the device. it is moved using so-called impellers, or bladed fins, through specially designed channels. this airflow pulls in additional air from air inlets plotted around the Q. all of this air is released through the main outlet and is on sale in japan for 39,350 (£220) it is powered by a DC motor and comes with an Off Timer for between one and three hours
department of public safety trooper Billy Spears posed for the photo with the rapper at south by southwest in Austin after the rap icon delivered his keynote speech. after his publicist took the photo, Snoop - whose real name is Calvin Broadus - posted it to Instagram with the caption: 'Me n my deputy dogg' Spears' bosses saw the posting and then cited him. the official reprimand read: 'While working a secondary employment job, Trooper
the 34-year-old led the blues to a 0-0 draw against arsenal on sunday. carragher believes he is the best defender to have played in the premier league. he said: 'there’s no doubt that just behind (eden) Hazard in this team, Terry has been the most influential'
security officials say member of al-Qaeda stormed prison and freed 300 inmates. two guards and five inmates killed in clashes, official says. advance by Iran-backed rebels into last bastion of Hadi supporters.
Rachel Jaajaa, 22, and 29-year-old Aaron Tate's daughter was found on friday night at a McDonald's in Elyria, Ohio. a patron called 911 after seeing the baby was left alone. police say Jaajaa refused to take her daughter because it was the father's 'turn to have the baby' and she had plans. Tate then left the child in McDonald's and drove off, prompting the 911 call.
the 33-year-old claimed to have picked up chlamydia from a car exhaust pipe. he also claimed to be a paramedic and attacked his new 'wife' Linda. he also claimed to have run off with his son for five weeks.
Jamie Silvonek, 14, and her boyfriend, 20-year-old Army Spc. Caleb Barnes, have been charged with homicide and criminal conspiracy.'she was coerced, she was afraid she was going to be killed, she was afraid her dad was going to be killed,' the teen's attorney said. the teen's mother, 54-year-old Cheryl Silvonek, was stabbed in the neck after taking her daughter and Barnes to a
Jayla Currie is a part of the Wee Ones Nursery program at the Indiana Women’s Prison. the 23-year-old mother-of-one has served three months of her reduced 10-month sentence for meth manufacturing and possession.
2002 world cup winner scored twice as Queretaro beat Club America 4-0. the 35-year-old came on as the game approached full-time. but he still struck in the 85th and 90th minutes of the match.
the american, known as Foxy Knoxy, and former boyfriend Raffaele Sollecito served four years for the 2007 murder of the 21-year-old exchange student. they were freed on appeal in 2011 and Knox immediately returned to the us where she found love with ex school friend Colin Sutherland. last year an appeal court overturned their acquittal finding the pair guilty of the murder again.
tripadvisor's annual cost comparison report compared cost of hotel room service items in 48 popular holiday destinations around the world. in Sofia, a night's stay and room service costs £63.78, four times cheaper than in the Swiss city of Zurich. in Kiev, a room service club sandwich costs just £3.07, while a can of cola costs £2.77.
landowner stumped up £15,000 to end three-year stand-off with Natural England. steps to Durdle Door beach were washed away during storms in 2012. visitors have faced perilous scramble down crumbling cliff to reach the shore.
jasmine midgley was born with a birthmark blocking her airways. doctors failed to realise it was cutting off her air supply. at 10 weeks old, the seemingly harmless mark had started growing into her throat, almost closing over her airways and choking her. doctors diagnosed a rare condition called a subglottic hemangioma. benign tumour is made up of blood vessels that can be on the skin or go deeper.
Chancellor wants a 1980s-style property'revolution' after years of declining home ownership. since 2010 there have been 1.2 million first-time purchases. he wants at least 2.4 million more over the next five years.
two adjoining 'his and hers' mansions have gone on the market for £13million. the beachfront homes are virtually identical in every way, boasting an indoor swimming pool, four storeys and stunning sea views. one of the homes comes with an extra en-suite bedroom.
Eva Pusztai-Fahidi, 89, lost her parents and sister in the Holocaust. she says seeing former SS officer in court is 'a kind of satisfaction' comes after another survivor angered her fellow plaintiffs by forgiving him. she called for the trial to end and said he should not be prosecuted.
cara Newton, 32, was diagnosed with bone cancer in 2009 and told she had a zero per cent chance of conceiving naturally. she had to undergo several rounds of chemotherapy which doctors said would destroy her fertility. but they were devastated to be told they would never have a family of their own. after IVF failed, the couple feared they would never become parents. but 10 months later, to their utter surprise, she became pregnant naturally with baby Sebastian.
around 100,000 pupils a year do not pass the tests before they leave primary school. prime minister said these children will be given extra help and support. resit tests will be designed to ensure pupils have caught up by age 12.
Neil Bantleman, who also holds british nationality, kissed his wife before being led away by police. he was sentenced to ten years in jail and ordered to pay a fine of 100 million rupiah (£5,200) his supporters insist he is innocent and expressed concern over the rule of law in Indonesia.
former lecturer martyn reuby won the first round of his legal battle against unite. tribunal ruled that he had been employed to teach its courses. it is a major embarrassment to the union, which has led campaign against the use of zero-hours contracts.
a lunar eclipse occurs when the moon passes in the shadow of Earth. this is an area known as the umbra, where light from the sun is blocked by our planet. the light refracts differently in the atmosphere and, as it hits the moon, it appears red. plans to regularly update keen spectators with phase process images have been thwarted due to cloudy conditions.
John McCallum, 27, was sentenced to 20 - 45 years' in jail for killing wife. he crashed into and killed Francesca Weatherhead, 25, while fleeing police. he had been eligible for parole in september 2013 but was held longer. he was released just months later after completing a violence prevention program.
the defense comes nearly two months after their mother Ellen Brody was killed along with five passengers when a train crashed into her SUV on the tracks at a railroad crossing in the westchester county town of Valhalla. Danielle, Julia and Alexa Brody say that their mother has been criticized and that people have jumped to conclusions about what happened.
lacey Spears of Scottsville, Kentucky, was spared the maximum 25 years to life. she chronicled her son's illnesses on a personal blog called 'Garnett's Journey' and other social media.
former army corporal, 30, was struck down with a condition that caused her stomach to rupture, leaving her fighting for her life in intensive care. as she struggled to recover, her relationship broke down with long-term partner and Lexi-River’s father, who proposed to her on Valentine’s Day last year. but the split was amicable, with miss Campbell and long-term partner and Lexi-River’s father Anthony McMorrow making Lexi-River their priority.
if anyone won the debate it was the women. their less choreographed style of body language gave the impression we were listening to real messages from real people. but his gesticulation and approach looked as manicured and choreographed as a Torville and Dean routine.
Nicola Sturgeon was hailed as the shock winner of last night's debate. snap poll inflicted damaging blow to labour's election hopes. an average of four polls of viewers put Mr Cameron just ahead.
61 per cent of americans admit they don't invite friends and family over. living room, kitchen, bedrooms and bathrooms top the list of shameful rooms. 62 per cent worry they will never get their home to the point where they are no longer ashamed.
the 31-year-old has admitted to using baby oil to show off his physique. but he was partial to a little eyeliner to define his smouldering eyes. new images have emerged of him looking a little more hirsute.
the technology could help a range of industries such as food and drink, healthcare and the defence sector. it works by analysing a materials 'hyperspectral signature', which is its unique chemical fingerprint. the optical part of the system is based on existing microelectromechanical or 'MEMS' technology.
lib dem candidate Josh Mason said a visit from the party leader would not 'do us any favours'. he is standing in Lib dem-held redcar, which is currently held by the lib dems. but after lib dem HQ heard about the remarks he was forced to make an embarrassing U-turn.
Robert Dellinger, 54, told investigators he was trying to kill himself when he careered over a median at more than 100mph and plowed into an oncoming SUV. the crash killed 24-year-old Amanda Murphy, who was eight months pregnant, and her fiance, 29-year-old Jason Timmons. during the first day of what is expected to be a two-day sentencing, the former executive at PPG Industries Inc said he has 'never been suicidal
the prince is due to arrive in australia on the 6th April. he will split his time between capital Canberra, Sydney, Darwin and Perth. on arrival, he will be taken straight to the Australian War Memorial. he will pay his respects at the Tomb of the Unknown Soldier.
Purvi Patel, 33, of Granger, Indiana has been jailed for 20 years. she was convicted on charges of feticide and neglect of a dependent. after arriving at the hospital, she denied that she had even been pregnant. medical staff found an umbilical cord attached to her and she told them she had delivered a baby in her home.
28 minute porn film was filmed on board the historic railway in south-west. locals were shocked to learn the location had been rented out to brazzers. storyline is apparently set in the 1940s and moves to a wooden carriage.
the new menu features two 340-calorie cheesecake-filled donuts, one 380-calorie loaded bagel, one 640-calorie chicken-filled pretzel bun and a 'low fat' 210-calorie steak and cheese wrap.
the'mediterranean-dASH Intervention for Neurodegenerative Delay' diet includes at least three daily servings of wholegrains and salad – along with an extra vegetable and a glass of wine. lowered the risk of Alzheimer's by 53 per cent in those who stuck to the diet rigidly.
real madrid host atletico madrid in the champions league on tuesday. atletico's Marcelo and Mario Suarez will miss the second leg. both players were booked during the 0-0 draw at the Vicente Calderon. suarez has blasted the performance of referee Milorad Mazic.
Emma Jackson, 28, moved into a quiet cul-de-sac in Hull just over a year ago. she was subjected to vile verbal abuse and was stalked by her neighbour. unemployed mark Ray, 56, waged a year-long campaign of terror against her.
there were hundreds of items up for grabs at the two-day sale, which came to an end on Wednesday - including housewares, furniture, fine art, jewelry and clothing. among the most valuable items purchased during the auction were a hand-colored etching by naturalist John James Audubon American white pelican. from the Humphrey Bogart years, before he died from cancer in 1957, was his black granite games table and a pair of silver candelabras.
mother-of-two Lorraine Cobourn was hit by a yellow taxi in may last year. the 51-year-old cannot even handle bananas following the incident. she had to leave her job as a barclays bank clerk as a result of injuries. has received two payouts and is now undergoing counselling.
high school students in north east china's jilin province forced to leave grounds to eat. students claim food cooked in school canteen is simply too horrible to eat. school has resorted to drastic measures to keep out students who may try to smuggle in food.
documents requested include details relating to a contract with Paul ceglia during an 18-month stretch beginning in 2003. ceglia has been on the run for a month after cutting off his electronic ankle bracelet. his father told a court they believe facebook and the prosecutors were conspiring against him.
both pugs were surrendered to the organisation in 2013 with a variety of health problems. they were morbidly obese, struggling to breathe, and almost blind due to pigmentary keratitis, where a thick brown pigment covered their corneas. after six months of rehabilitation, both dogs lost 3kg and had their sight almost entirely restored.
Rotherham charged with fielding an ineligible player on loan. farrend Rawson played 90 minutes in 1-0 win against Brighton. manager Steve Evans claimed his player had been recalled.
Andy McIlvaine, 33, was lugging three bottles of champagne onto a flight from Baltimore to Maine to propose to his girlfriend Kelley Mulfinger, 30. he sent a note to the firm's CEO thanking his company for a $100 voucher during a trip to Maine to propose. the airline gathered more than 100 passengers, crew members and staff from other airlines with 500 roses, champagne and signs on Wednesday.
'this deal would legitimise Iran's nuclear programme,' he said. 'it would increase Iran's aggression and terror throughout the region'
campaign chiefs tried to rebuff letter from 100 business leaders calling for a labour government signed by people 'from all walks of life' but plan unravelled as it was revealed 100 'working people' supporting him included a benefit fraudster, a boss who has used zero-hours workers, affluent students and a string of union and party activists. callie Thorpe was listed on letter supporting Mr Miliband as a receptionist, but online she also describes herself as a
the 50-year-old driver will front court on Tuesday facing a string of charges. police allege he rammed his car into the home at Delaneys Creek, north-west of Brisbane, about 7.30pm on monday. five people, including a woman believed to be the man's ex-partner, were in the home when the car crashed into the side of it. a terrifying scene then unfolded, with the driver of the car allegedly climbing out of the smashed vehicle
former national security chief is accused of corruption and leaking of state secrets. he is likely to be found guilty, and could be executed. he is an ally of bo xilai, the top official jailed over the murder of Neil Heywood.
mother-of-two, 41, is part of a rapidly growing cottage industry that prepares fresh placenta for new mothers. she whizzes it into smoothies, or grinds it into pills for women convinced of its health benefits. mothers have reported powerful healing properties from eating their own placenta.
the state's largest teacher's union is calling the governor a bully for his 'nasty and disrespectful tone with teachers and other individuals who dare to question him at these events' the sentiment doesn't ring well with Christie's ambitions to run in the Republican presidential primaries next year.
cab driver threw 25-year-old Kadeem brown across a median in the Bronx. conditions were so icy he slid into the opposite curb before coming to a stop. his green taxi struck and killed five-year-old Tierre Clark.
official says fighters have burnt 'hundreds of houses' in the last two days. comes as prime minister orders forces to oppose vandalism in the city. 'our city was burnt in front of our eyes. we can't control what is going on,' he said.
more than 7million front lawns in the uk have been paved over. the royal horticultural society is calling for people to plant trees, shrubs, climbers, hedges or flowers to turn the country green again. 95 per cent thought being in a beautiful garden lifted their mood.
police have been left stunned after coming across a car parked on a busy street covered in hundreds of chili peppers. the incident occurred on Bridge St in Hornsby on the upper north shore of Sydney and is a regular occurrence. in the pictures, the chili peppers are clearly slashed open and littered on the bonnet of the car.
married middle school band teacher Charles Kane of Spencerport, new york was arrested as he met up with a 14-year-old girl for sex. the 46-year-old had been communicating with the girl online after posting a Craigslist ad seeking a young girl for a daddy/daughter relationship. he was arrested when he arrived at the theater with a full box of condoms as the girl was in fact an undercover police officer.
angela Collins and Margaret Elizabeth Hanson of port hope, Ontario, decided to use Xytex Corp to start a family in 2006, believing they had a strict vetting process. they were told their donor had an IQ of 160, a bachelor of science degree in neuroscience, a master’s degree in artificial intelligence, and was working on his PhD in neuroscience engineering. but in June 2014, they discovered his name was James Christian Aggeles, according to the suit. he is said to have schizophrenia
mohammad Liaqat, 34, stormed into a Catholic school and launched a 'racist tirade' he hurled insults at white teachers after two 14-year-old boys were banned from lessons for refusing to shave their beards. he was remanded into custody at burnley crown court and will be sentenced in June.
Jesse Roepcke, 27, was arrested on charges of pointing a laser at passing cars and possession or use of narcotic paraphernalia. while in jail, police discovered that the man had stashed a quantity of pot in his backside. he was also charged with possession of marijuana and smuggling contraband into prison.
researchers have created a special robo-explorer to borrow into the ice and record the first footage of what lies on the seabed below the Ross Ice Shelf. the icefin was deployed (and retrieved) the vehicle through a 12-inch diameter hole through 20 meters of ice and another 500 meters of water to the sea floor.
Kayla Mooney, who is in her first year teaching science at Danbury High School in Danbury, Connecticut, turned herself into police at 5pm on Tuesday. her arrest came after the school's administration contacted police in February with the allegations.
the lunar event lasted only five minutes, making it the shortest eclipse of the century, NASA said. it is the third in a series of four blood moons, with the final one expected on September 28.
foreign GPs now account for 11 per cent of family doctors, new figure show. in some areas the proportion is more than two-thirds. senior doctors say the number will rise further over the next few years.
researchers created a simulation of how the virus spreads in a clinical trial. they say early treatment is key to staving off AIDS in the long term. model was inspired by similarities between HIV and computer worms.
the under-25s saw their wages rise more than eight times faster than the over-50s. in the last three months of 2014, 5.4 per cent of 18-25-year-olds changed jobs. but only 1.2 per cent of 50-64-year-olds moved jobs in the last three months.
the 7ft-tall, five-foot-wide egg was made using 352lbs (160kg) of chocolate. it took the chocolatier three days to put together and is the equivalent of 1,600 chocolate bars. he hopes to raise £1,000 from the sale of the egg for St Barnabas Hospice.
Daniel DeMarco, 28, was arrested in an Elmwood Park car lot at 2.45pm on friday for possession of one bag of crack cocaine, a hypodermic syringe and drug paraphernalia. police on scene believed he 'looked suspicious' as they were patrolling the area for narcotics travel. he was also charged with being under the influence of a controlled dangerous substance and DWI.
over the past five years, airline passengers have left behind more than $2.7 million in quarters and dimes. the funds collected appear to be increasing every year, according to figures from the Transportation Security Administration.
referees and officials were struck with projectiles by angry supporters after a tight contest between South Sydney and Canterbury ended in controversy. the scenes after the final siren were unacceptable and the culprits would be found. 'the behaviour of fans today at this game was completely unacceptable,' says head of football.
Joe Penna and animator Jeff Schweikart solved a whopping 1,296 mini Rubik's Cubes 961 times to create a short animated video. the short narrative features a robot building a spaceship and heading off into the atmosphere and finding love. a squeaky backing track that wouldn't sound out of place in a game of Pac-Man is featured throughout the one minute and 25 second clip.
photographer Scott Gable, 39, spent four months travelling across the region documenting the labour and threadbare equipment used to harvest the food. the images span over China, Thailand, Vietnam, Laos and Cambodia.
80 current and former leaders say there is evidence that academy-style freedoms are benefiting a generation of children. but they say labour – and some senior lib dems – appear to be threatening to reimpose state controls.
Colin Mcinerney, 28, claims he was beaten and had his head stomped on by a man, two teenagers and a boy aged only about 10 on friday night. the man's 22-year-old girlfriend, Rachael Sheppard, said he had just gestured at the family by waving with his little pinky as people do in Darwin. despite telling the family they thought they were someone different, the older man allegedly started bashing Mr Mcinerney.
father of 40 claims he had them by 20 women and admits he would not recognise many of his offspring in the street. now engaged again, the three-times married man keeps track of their names with an ever-growing family tree tattooed on his back. he says 16 of his children have been taken into care at some stage in their lives.
pat Ingles, 69, from edinburgh, loves to go out drinking until the early hours. she lost her husband 12 years ago to prostate cancer after caring for him. now she's focused on enjoying herself and wants to make most of the time she has left.
'pro-anorexia' sites will face a year in prison and a fine of just over £7,000. around 40,000 people suffer from anorexia in france.
Toni Elliot, 53, thought she had hurt a tooth when she sat for dinner at Puckett's Boat House in Franklin, Tennessee, on Thursday. when she spat out the mouthful she was chewing she discovered a pearl in the palm of her hand. 49 precious stones followed. as naturally-occurring pearls are rare, it's expected that Elliot's stash could fetch a princely sum.
many operators across the country will face penalty rates of up to two-and-a-half times regular pay. young workers who earn up to $50 an hour will not be able to earn money this weekend. the campaign will allow small businesses to put up posters in their windows explaining why they are closed. penalty rates will come into force across Good Friday, Saturday, Sunday and Easter Monday.
fashion retailers have started to get in on the beauty act with plenty of shops now offering their own make-up ranges. from marks and spencer to Primark, they're all at it, flogging foundation and lippy alongside frocks and leggings. but are any of them worth splashing your cash on?.
Harold Ekeh, 18, has been accepted to every Ivy League college. he moved from Nigeria to the u.s. 10 years ago with his parents. he says his parents' struggle inspired him to achieve the best.
freed prisoners said they had been led to believe they were being led to their execution. instead, they were piled onto minibus that drove them to peshmerga positions. the Yazidis, made up of women, children and the elderly, are said to be in poor health.
visitors can step over fence and into the depths of a lion's den during feeding time, if they dare. 'the Lion Encounter' is one of the few zoos in the world which has installed a moving cage to bring spectators as close as possible to lions.
direct assist, based in bolton, lancashire, told one complainant they were likely to be called for three years until they made a claim. the information commissioner's office and the Telephone Preference Service registered 801 concerns about the company between January 2013 and July last year. one elderly and deaf complainant said the callers left them in fear of answering the phone that they relied on to maintain contact with family.
jamyra gallmon, 21, has been charged with first-degree felony murder while armed over the killing of 30-year-old lawyer. surveillance video shows a 'person of interest' entering the hotel shortly after he texted his wife to tell her he would be home in an hour. the next day he was found dead in his hotel room with 'various credit cards strewn about' a computer, lubricant, condoms, cell phone and enema
the Boston RunBase is a combined effort between the B.A.A., Adidas and longtime shoe-seller Marathon Sports. it is the sixth RunBase for Adidas 0 the first in the u.s. but it will differ from locations from Tokyo to Prague, as well as the Nike store nearby.
the fitness guru has addressed the revelations in a video posted on YouTube. the 26-year-old has almost one million followers on social media. she also reveals she has been bullied by online trolls who made nasty comments about her unborn child. the fitness guru is best known for her 12-week exercise program, Ashy Bines Bikini Body Challenge.
China, South Korea and Japan have all banned new charter flights of Thai carriers. an audit by the UN's international civil aviation organization (ICAO) reported that it found'significant safety concerns' with the country's aviation safety. the regulator claims to have made contact with the airline and the Thai aviation safety regulator for 'further detailed information'
the eighth grade boy started a blog on a writers website called Wattpad in august last year, with the tag line: 'this is a continuous story about me murdering people I hate' there were 11 chapters published online up until January this year, featuring stories titled 'Massacre', 'Thrown Under The Bus' and 'Blood, Blood, And More Blood' the blog has been pulled down, but the boy was allowed to return to school last month, and the district has confirmed no charges
calcium formations on ‘Altamura Man’ suggest he was 128,000 to 187,000 years old. now researchers plan to sequence his DNA to see if they can reveal new details about the evolution of our ancient ancestors.
locations in ceredigion, powys and pembrokeshire used to radicalise Muslims. those involved 'take part in seemingly ordinary activities' but 'have ulterior motive', says officer. he stressed issues surrounding terrorism were not confined to cities.
Freddie, 3, was crushed against a wall by runaway trailer in bedminster, britain. lorry driver tried to resuscitate Freddie but he died shortly afterwards. he avoided prison after admitting causing death by careless driving. but driver Tony Davies avoided jail after admitting causing death by careless driving. trolls have branded mother Donna Hussey, 32, a 'bad mum' on facebook.
photographer Victor Albert Prout travelled along the river Thames in a makeshift boat where he installed a dark room. the floating dark room is often seen tethered to a skiff in some of the photographs. the pictures are to be sold as a collection at the Oxford book fair and are estimated to sell for around £30,000.
figures insist party would carry on if Nigel farage failed to become an MP. private poll put the conservatives on course to retain the seat. but party's justice and home affairs spokesman insists show would go on.
the plant waits for the full moon to 'bloom' and produces tiny droplets of sugary fluid to attract pollinating insects. researchers from Stockholm university noticed the droplets at the same time of the year having conducted four years of research. when a nocturnal butterfly or insect lands on one of the tasty transparent orbs at night, the pollen it’s carrying is used to fertilise the seed.
Joseph Getty, 26, pleaded guilty to drink-driving and received a 20-month ban. he had 83 microgrammes of alcohol per 100ml of breath when he was stopped. his conviction came a day after his relative was found dead at his home.
Bryan Santana of Orlando, florida, is accused of killing his former roommate Shelby Fazio and her dog last October. prosecutors said he was 'delighting' in the pain he caused the young woman. he allegedly wrapped a belt around Fazio's neck and strangled her with a pen then had sex with her corpse, killed and mutilated her dog and wrote messages in blood on the wall. one of those messages read: 'i
John Noble, 53, shot himself in the head in front of stunned hotel guests at the M Resort in a suburb of san francisco on sunday. he sent a 270 page package to the Las Vegas Review-Journal on monday explaining why he was going to kill himself. included in the package was a two hour DVD in which a clearly upset Noble addresses the camera and a letter entitled 'the Curse', wishing harm on the women he blames for
workers at the factory have been sacked and deported for staging 'illegal strike' they produce clothes for Whistles, Topshop and next and sleep 16 to a room. 69 of the women have been deported to Bangladesh and scores more fear for their jobs.
the 'catamavan' has an oven, fridge freezer, shower, toilet, double bed and two tables. it is fitted with a small engine that reaches four knots.
official figures released this week reveal that Britain met the target last year. spending on foreign aid is set to increase by an extra £1billion over next two years. new EU accounting rules are being brought in which change the way national income is measured.
the unique two-bedroom home at 36 Kent Street, newtown in Sydney’s inner west, was first put on the market for at least $1.1 million. but it failed to sell in an initial auction in mid-March. the quirky haven is a short walk to parks, cafes and public transport on King Street in the trendy inner west. it was originally built in the 1870s as the servant's quarters to a Victorian villa next door.
interactions between particles emitted by a black hole can reveal information. physicists have argued that black holes suck in information and then evaporate without leaving behind any clues as to what they once contained.
the university of Sydney is running a pilot of a 17-week bridging diploma for Year 11 students at the prestigious school. concerns have been raised over how the program is being advertised to Year 11 students as an alternative to completing the final year certificate. eight students gained 'direct entry' to the university after completing the program in 2014, according to a letter sent to parents by principal. fees for tuition, sporting and other curricula activities for Scot's College, one of Sydney's most
the world's largest atom-smashing machine is most famous for proving the existence of the Higgs boson. but scientists hope it will now be able to see dark matter for the first time ever thanks to the upgrade.
drug company accused of trying to block trials aimed at promoting a ‘cheap, safe and effective’ treatment for sight loss. it has ‘bullied’ experts who have tried to prove a cancer drug can be used to treat one of the most common forms of blindness, according to the BMJ. the respected medical journal says Avastin is just as effective at tackling wet age-related macular degeneration (AMD) as the current treatment, Lucentis.
the elaborate fraud involved cars and vans being driven into the side of First Group buses so passengers could falsely claim from insurers. crashes took place between October 2010 and January 2012 and earned ringleader, 45, from connah's quay, north Wales, £159k. all of the collisions followed similar scenarios in which a car would collide with the side of a bus, causing minimal impact and damage. in each case, the driver of the car would admit full liability, allowing all of the
the senator's partner gave birth to baby Hannah in Adelaide on Good Friday. it is the second child for the long-term couple who welcomed their eldest daughter Alexandra in 2011. the couple used the same sperm donor who helped them become parents to three-year-old Alex.
the 5,300-ton HMS Talent limped back to port with a huge dent. collision ripped a 6ft hole at the top of the conning tower. comes at a time of heightened tension between Britain and Russia.
Etienne Gould Nunan was born premature, after just 26 weeks in the womb. he was born with a hole in his heart and a brain bleed and developed pneumonia, collapsed lung and endured 58 blood transfusions. his parents have praised medical staff for taking care of their son.
celebrities with a home cinema include the Sherlock actor Benedict Cumberbatch, retail tycoon Sir Philip Green and Chelsea FC owner Roman Abramovich. this week we learnt that the Beckhams want one, too. a planning application submitted for their 1860s home in London’s Holland Park shows drawings for a lower-groundfloor ‘cinema room’.
health and safety executive rules designed to protect litter-pickers from traffic. but the HSE denied tightening rules and said councils were 'over-interpreting' legislation. former poet Laureate sir Andrew motion accuses town hall bosses of ruining countryside.
climber filmed edging towards the top of the cliff in the Cairngorms. the 42-year-old has been solo climbing for almost 30 years. he is seen grappling to find handholds and footholds as he edges towards summit.
managers from the largest in the NHS have just filled 225 vacant posts. they were recruited on the back of a series of practical demonstrations on dummies, a written exam and an interview that lasted between four and six hours. by 8am the next day applicants had received an email if they had a job.
Nicola Sturgeon said rising retirement age was unfair on pensioners. she said they don't live as long as counterparts in rest of the country. at same time, she demanded huge inflation-busting increase in state pension.
after speaking to president Barack Obama on the phone, he said in a televised statement just hours after the agreement was signed. he added in a televised statement:'such a deal would not block Iran's path to the bomb. it would pave it' prompted Netanyahu to urge more pressure to be placed on Iran by western powers until a better deal is reached.
detective Patrick cherry appeared on NBC 4 to'sincerely apologize' for outburst. he was in plainclothes and trying to park his unmarked Hyundai without signalling. the driver, known only as Humayun, honked his horn and tried to apologise. cherry was stripped of his shield and gun and will be placed on administrative duty.
the first lady joined the so you think you can dance all stars on stage taking the spotlight during a choreographed routine. this comes just days after she sported her mom dance moves on the Tonight Show starring Jimmy Fallon.
residents of Celoron, new york, hometown of the famous comedienne, reacted with shock and horror when the 'I Love Lucy' statue was unveiled in 2009. following a recent social media campaign to have the statue removed, sculptor Dave Poulin called it 'by far my most unsettling sculpture', and pledged to make a new one. the depiction is so unflattering a Facebook page called 'We Love Lucy! Get Rid of this Statue
the quota system was abolished today after 30 years - allowing dairy farmers to produce as much milk as they like without suffering a financial penalty. the move is expected to drive a spike in production, particularly in countries like Ireland, Germany and the Netherlands.
the great wall of china was created in 500 BC to protect the country's northern border against foreign invasion. the wall attracts over 10 million visitors annually so you could be battling your way through the crowds and not just the steep inclines.
at 42, the actress has the figure of a woman half her age. a whole host of women are looking better in their fifth decade than ever.
Khalid Saeed Batarfi was a senior leader with al-Qaeda in the Arabian Peninsula (AQAP) before he was jailed by Yemeni officials. two days ago he was freed, along with 300 other inmates, as terrorists stormed prison he was being held in, killing two guards. pictures show the high-ranking terrorist grinning as he sits in the governor's palace in the city of Mukalla.
tampons absorb chemicals commonly used on toilet paper, laundry detergents and shampoos, which glow under UV light. they could shed light on undetectable mis-plumbed pathways. around five per cent of homes in the uk have pipes that are misconnected, causing them to leak sewage.
the men's clothing label is aimed at cashing in on a new wave of patriotism sweeping Russia. the move comes ahead of a giant military parade in red square on may 9 to mark the 70th anniversary of end of second world war.
the 32-year-old was joined for lunch by an older male companion and some new braces on her already straight teeth. this just days before a judge will decide if she must hand over $2.8million in gifts she received from her ex, embattled former los angeles clippers owner Donald Sterling.
church treasurer allegedly veered his pick-up truck off the motorway at 84mph. the 51-year-old's 4x4 exploded as it hit a line of trees near markfield. two dogs and suitcases were also thrown out of the pick-up truck. his wife, Tracy, died after making a flurry of calls about sex-obsessed husband.
the rope was tied into a noose at about 2 a.m. on the Bryan Center plaza in Durham, north Carolina. the area in which the noose was found is home to several offices focused on diversity.
the Boy Scouts' Greater New York Councils said they hired Pascal Tessier, an 18-year-old Eagle Scout who has been a vocal advocate of opening the organization to gay scouts and leaders. the national organization changed its policy in 2013 to allow openly gay kids as scouts, but not adults as leaders, after a bitter debate over its membership policy.
high winds blowing sand across the united arab emirates have caused travel chaos in the country. four flights bound for the city's international airport have had to be diverted because of the poor visibility. a 24-year-old was airlifted to hospital after his car crashed while driving in the sandstorm. forecasters are warning that the high winds are expected to continue over the weekend.
the man entered a branch of the U.S Bank in the city of Santa Cruz at around 3pm last friday and handed the cashier a note demanding money. his blonde wig, female clothing, glasses and purse immediately prompted comparisons with Mrs Doubtfire from the 1993 movie of the same name starring the late Robin Williams.
Madison Small, 18, left school early on Monday and, after waking up in the night with a severe headache, she was rushed to hospital. by Tuesday afternoon, her father, Tim Small, had contacted the school to let staff know that his youngest daughter had passed away that morning. the Virginia Medical Examiner's office is now investigating her death and an autopsy has been ordered, but no cause has yet been given.
Boris Majnaric, 75, built the 384-sq-ft, four-room bird house in 1996 and went on to rear more than 200 birds - five times over the legal limit. neighbors filed a torrent of complaints about the pigeons, detailing excess droppings and noise. last Tuesday the structure was finally demolished.
president said he's'sad' and he'starts tearing up in the middle of the day and I can't explain it, why am I so sad? 'they're leaving me'. the 11th grade student, who attends the private Sidwell Friends School in Washington, D.C., has already visited at UC Berkeley, Stanford, NYU, Columbia, Harvard, Brown, Princeton, Yale and wesleyan.
experimental cancer drug axed over poor results may have ability to reverse effects of Alzheimer's. drug was developed by britain's pharmaceutical giant Astra Zeneca. original aim of treating tumours was shelved after it proved ineffective. scientists reveal how treatment restored memory in mice given Alzheimer's.
Anthony Stokes, 17, died on Tuesday after he crashed a stolen Honda into a pole as he fled the scene of an attempted burglary at an elderly woman's home in Roswell, Georgia. he suffered from a dilated cardiomyopathy so his heart was unable to pump enough blood. he had been given just six to nine months to live but the hospital initially refused to put him on the waiting list for a new organ because they thought he would be 'non-compliant
cardboard gnome was signed by all four members of the band after starring on the iconic cover of the Fab Four's 1967 album. cardboard cutouts or waxworks of more than 60 celebrities were on the cover picture. the gnome is next to the legs of George Harrison, who is wearing red on the album art.
a man stabbed a bouncer outside a Melbourne nightclub just before the Easter long weekend. police say the man had been ejected from the club late Thursday night when he soon returned and attacked the security guard from behind. the 29-year-old bouncer was taken to hospital with non-life threatening injuries. police have expressed their 'disgust' over the incident while the bouncer was taken to hospital with non-life threatening injuries.
the latest find is thought to be the biggest underground city in Cappadocia, consisting of 3.5 miles (7km) of tunnels, secret churches, tombs and safe havens. it was discovered when builders saw signs of a massive network of tunnels while moving mounds of earth. the multilevel settlement is likely to include living spaces, kitchens, wineries, chapels, staircases.
housewife Lauren Crawley, 54, from hertfordshire, was given a new platinum implant. it makes it easier to blink again, as she tells THEA JOURDAN.
Zoe Dennise Prince, 28, was working at the gold coast amusement park until September last year. she was allegedly injured on may 20, 2013 when she allegedly experienced pain her right wrist whilst checking harnesses on the ride. she claims that the company, Ardent Leisure, was negligent and set poor working conditions. she is claiming $23,050 in general damages and $193,375 for her predicted loss of income in the future.
the high court ruled today that united lincolnshire hospitals NHS trust must pay in excess of £14.6 million for birth injuries. staff failed to carry out a Caesarean section on Suzanne Adams and properly monitor her during labour. her son, now 12, was born with cerebral palsy. he cannot speak, dress or feed himself and must use a wheelchair.
Maria Malone-Guerbaa, 41, from London, used only her brushes and kryolan paint. mother-of-two said she didn't use any prosthetics or special effects. the final result took three hours to achieve after she simply googled pictures.
despite battling an array of health complications two-year-old Nathaly Hernandez won't let things get her down, as a new video shows. the smiley toddler - who has lived at the Home of the Innocents nursing facility in Kentucky since she was three months old - was filmed lip-syncing to Miley Cyrus' Wrecking Ball. as she opens her mouth wide and scrunches up her face, Nathaly determinedly raises her arms to indicate she'
Lisa Williams, 49, hit taxi driver David Coleman, 54, three times with a hammer. the two families had been 'neighbours at war' since the Colemans moved in. they were described as 'neighbours at war' after the Colemans moved in.
gang of four were seen trying to hack into an ATM outside a Waitrose supermarket. they then fled police in a stolen Audi RS7 at speeds of up to 145mph. a list of ATMs was found when they were arrested at a flat in Tamworth. they were tracked to a block of flats in Tamworth in Staffordshire. gang admitted conspiracy to steal and aggravated vehicle taking.
Shaun Andrew McKerry, 31, burst into post office in county Durham wielding an axe. he demanded cash as an accomplice stood at the door, but was foiled. shopkeeper Sab Dhillon heard his demands and ran from the back. he ran from the back and rugby tackled him and his wife with a baseball bat. he was dubbed 'boomerang boy' because he always returned home after crimes. he has committed more than
the 25-year-old suspect is alleged to have shot dead his fiancee, her parents and seven of her siblings on Sunday. their deaths came just months after he is alleged to have killed his own parents, brother and sister-in-law after they objected to the match.
Charles Terreni Jr was four times over the legal alcohol limit when he died, an autopsy has found. he was found at the Pi Kappa Alpha house in Columbia, not far from campus, around 10:30am on march 18. the house was draped in St. Patrick's decorations and a beer keg could be seen outside.
Valerie Cadman-Khan, 56, from Middlesbrough, appeared on this morning. she was handcuffed in front of her daughter, now 19, when she was 12. recalled how she was cuffed in front of her scared and crying daughter. but she said the worst part of the arrest was the aftermath. her abilities as a mother were called into question following the incident.
lib dem campaigner used party's constituency headquarters for film business. former councillor, 50, directed and starred in violent films featuring whips, chains, swords and scantily clad women. sources say actors at auditions for one of her films were told to 'prepare for anything'
two Ryanair planes clipped wings while taxiing to a runway at Dublin airport. one winglet was left dangling by a thread after the collision on a taxiway. passengers were stuck on the plane for up to 90 minutes as they waited for buses.
scientists have used a new technique to reconstrcut the colourful patterns on 28 fossilised cone snail shells that are up to 6.6 million years old. instead of being white, they were infact covered in streaks of orange, purple, blue and even large pokadots. scientists now believe the cone snail shells, which come from the northern Dominican Republic, include 13 entirely new species.
cancer claims almost 11,000 lives a year in the uk, with most deaths after it spreads around the body. latest study gets to the root of this spread, and could mean better outcomes for the 42,000 men a year diagnosed with the illness. scientists studied samples taken from tumours in the prostate and around the body in ten affected men.
labour leader's secret cribsheets also reveal how he planned to ‘relish the chance to show who I am’. and in handwritten notes, he appears to exhort himself to ‘use the people at home’. one note appears to explain why he smiled serenely every time he came under fire.
organisers of the annual event released a statement announcing that it has been cancelled. 'travelling the festival in its current form across australia simply doesn’t make financial sense anymore,' the statement read. more than 230 people were arrested over drug-related offences at Future Music Festival events around the country.
the penthouse apartment is spread across the entire 100th floor of australia 108. it is the most expensive single apartment sold in the country. the new owner plans to live in the luxury pad when it is completed. it is tipped to have at least four bedrooms with walk in robes and ensuites.
a series of unpublished love letters from Mexican artist Frida Kahlo to her lover Jose Bartoli are expected to fetch upwards of $120,000. the letters, 25 of which are headed to auction at Doyle new york on April 15, were written in Spanish between August 1946 and November 1949. they were saved by Jose until his death in 1995.
Anthony Corrales of new jersey was driving with his wife and daughter, 10, last June near Resorts World Casino in the queens section of new york city. he claims a car cut in front of him after refusing to let him change lanes. when he got out of the car at a red light to take the license plate number, he was mowed down by the car and driven for several blocks at breakneck speed. when he returned to his car however, police arrived on the scene and arrested
ambra Battilana, 22, told police she was groped by film mogul last friday. she did not 'co-operate' with authorities for four days after initial report. it has been claimed the model and her manager were working behind the scenes to try and land her a film role. but once the 'pipe dream' came to nothing, she decided to pursue the criminal case. her former lawyer withdrew from the case as he was concerned she did not appear to be
five-year-old was expelled from his village when locals signed a petition to banish him to 'protect villagers's health' he contracted the virus from his mother when she was pregnant with him, but was diagnosed when he was five years old. he was refused admission to schools and locals would avoid contact with him, so he spent his days playing in the woods alone. when he was diagnosed, his grandparents found themselves isolated in their village of Shufangya in south-e
woman, thought to be in her 60s, found floating in water at boat club in sawley. man, 65, arrested and released on police bail following'suspicious' death. area was cordoned off for forensic examination and investigation in 'early stages' police say post-mortem examination had failed to establish cause of death.
a new Delhi driver was accused of raping a passenger in december. a woman in london was allegedly asked to perform oral sex on her driver. the 46-year-old will leave his role as facebook's security chief to help Uber defend safety concerns.
the 43-year-old has denied committing a public order offence. it was claimed he behaved aggressively towards driver Fateh Kerar, 44. he did not attend a brief hearing at Trafford Magistrates' Court today. but a not guilty plea was entered on his behalf by his lawyer.
passengers will be able to take a selfie and share it on facebook. the #SkyhighSelfie is one of the unusual extras being offered on the airline's new 787 routes. mood lighting is available in all classes, helping with jetlag. full length windows in the toilets can be darkened with a touch of a button.
mark Jones, 45, is accused of murdering 41-day-old amelia Rose Jones. she died of a bleed to the brain after being rushed to hospital on the evening she was being babysat by her grandfather. miss Jones told the court that when she returned home he told her she had been a 'bloody nightmare'.
sikander Rafiq, 34, and Samara Jabreen, 32, lied to city council about relationship. couple, from Ward End, claimed £66,268 housing benefit, council tax benefit and income support. three years later, when Rafiq bought them a house, jabreen claimed to be a private tenant and asked that her benefit payments be made to her landlord.
six infrared cameras mounted around the aircraft allow pilots to 'look through' the air-frame, giving them a 360 degree view of their surroundings and enemies. all of the information they need to complete their mission - airspeed, altitude and even warnings systems - are projected straight onto the helmet's visor. like the jet - estimated to cost around $1.5trillion to develop over the next 50 years - the helmet is incredibly expensive. each custom-made piece of high-
allie, 21, dubbed 'the official allie Davis Relationship Test', yesterday. told boyfriend he must score at least 60 per cent 'to stay in the relationship' posted results of not-entirely-serious stunt on twitter. revealed boyfriend of two-and-a-half years passed with score of 80 per cent. after series of questions, allie demands: 'briefly explain the solange knowles elevator incident. who was involved?'
29-year-old pankaj saw fell three storeys from a macquarie park balcony. he died at the scene from serious head and internal injuries. it is believed he was leaning on a wooden railing that ran across the top of the balcony and it gave way falling to the concrete metres below. he was in australia on a long-stay work visa, and had been working on and off in Sydney in recent years.
the comedian was accompanied by his fiancee Megan Wollover and their daughter Maven for a shopping trip in new jersey. it comes almost a year after he was first hospitalized following a tragic accident which claimed the life of his friend. he suffered a traumatic brain injury as well as a broken leg, a broken nose and broken ribs in the accident. this comes a little over a month after he was forced to miss the Saturday night live 40th anniversary special
this happens when the sun-lit surface waters of the ocean become devoid of oxygen and are poisoned by hydrogen sulphide. life of the Triassic met a choking end in a runaway greenhouse climate, heating the seas into warm stagnation. experts found signs of bacteria which had suffered severe oxygen depletion and hydrogen sulphide poisoning. this would have been caused by massive volcanic rifts in the Earth's tectonic plates.
'i can’t see out of my right eye, and that’s the way it’s going to be until something comes along that’ll change it,' he said. 'i’ve had 11 hours of surgery. they’ve tried. I can’t see out of my right eye. and that’s okay, I can live with that,' he said. a march 31 Breitbart News story regaled the layout of Reid's Searchlight home and the master bathroom,
ruba Khandaqji, 36, was arrested for threatening to hire a hitman to kill Gov. Rick Scott. the pharmacist told the dispatcher she was going to hire a hitman and 'kill whomever I can kill' because she wanted to be deported to jordan. she was charged with two counts of corruption by threat against a public official and resisting arrest without violence.
ambra Battilana, 22, claims the 63-year-old asked her for a kiss and groped her during a 'business meeting' at his tribeca office in Manhattan on friday night. but a recorded conversation between Weinstein and Battilana shows he did not deny the incident, it has been claimed. the married father-of-five has spoken to police and is cooperating with their investigation.
a former friend of the ex-new england patriots player Aaron Hernandez testified at his murder trial on wednesday. Alexander Bradley said he would be able to testify that Hernandez had access to the type of pistol he is accused of using to murder semipro football player Odin Lloyd. but he will not testify about a separate 2013 incident in which he contends Hernandez shot him in the face. the gun Bradley will testify about 'could have been, might
professor Ninian Peckitt, 63, is accused of repeatedly punching a patient in the face. he claims he 'digitally manipulated' the patient's face as part of hospital treatment. but witnesses say he had actually been hitting the patient, tribunal hears. a man referred to as Patient A had suffered 'extensive injuries' to the right side of his face in an industrial accident. a medical tribunal will decide whether he should be struck off the medical
the owl was spotted creeping along a tree branch before tugging at his brother's wing. the little owl's sibling rivalry gets the better of him, as he swoops under his sibling's wing, prompting an amusing game of tug-of-war.
researchers at Joint Base Lewis-McChord in Tacoma, Washington, looked at military records of 3.9million military personnel who served after 9/11. found no direct link between deployment to a war zone and elevated suicide rates. suicides among active duty service members have surged in the past decade, almost doubling in the Army and the marines.
the father of American Sniper Chris Kyle spoke for the first time since the end of the trial of his son's killer. he said he and wife deby were'surviving' now that they finally had time to process their son's death. 'it was horrible. I mean, gut wrenching,' he said. 'it's just one of those deals, you just wanna jump over that railing and kill him with your bare hands'
six-month-old kitten was found lying on the ground covered in maggots and blood. it had fallen from a building in Zetland, inner-east of Sydney, last month. it was taken in by a local vet clinic, My Vet Animal Hospital, who shared the story of aptly-named 'Seven' on social media. since then, the cat has won the hearts of many who have donated funds to help pay for his hefty medical bills and surgeries.
prelate allegedly favoured sexual role-play scenarios in which his lover played the disciple Judas Iscariot. he allegedly had to atone for his betrayal of Jesus by becoming his slave.
Kong Meng Xiong, 21, of St. Paul, Minnesota has been charged with kidnapping, third-degree criminal sexual conduct and false imprisonment. the girl's family reported the kidnapping on Sunday and that they opposed to their daughter marrying Xiong, whom she was dating, because of their age differences. Xiong allegedly threw the girl's iPad against a wall at her family's home and then ripped her sweatpants as he dragged her
police are searching a pond near Carrsville, Virginia, in an attempt to find the cell phone of 18-year-old college student anjelica 'AJ' Hadsell. 'any father is going to try and find out if your daughter may or may not be in a house or being held or some of her belongings or at a location,' Katherine hadsell said. AJ's stepfather, wesley, was arrested unjustly as he awaited a hearing on six
a Sudanese refugee has appeared in court charged with indecent assault. he allegedly touched a 15-year-old girl's crotch during a rap concert. police say he prevented her from leaving by grabbing on her jeans. he then allegedly put his hand on her vagina through her pants. the incident escalated when he unzipped her jeans and took them off.
unidentified family - a 38-year-old mother, 42-year-old father and their two sons - apparently died from gunshot wounds. police believe father killed his wife and children before using the gun on himself. officers found a handgun near the man's body and are not seeking a suspect.
the native Australian marsupial once occupied more than 70 per cent of the Australian mainland. now it’s disappeared from around 80 per cent of that area with small populations remaining in Queensland, the Northern Territory and western australia. in recent years the bilby has become an important part of the Australian Easter tradition.
former prime minister appears to be falling asleep at a reunion party in 1959. he was guest of honour at the gathering, held at the home of the ambassador. also seen at the gathering are the likes of then prime minister Harold Macmillan. but he appears sheepish as he is awoken by fellow guest Lord Alan Brooke.
the inn, which will have 20 bedrooms, is being built in the prince's model village in Dorset as a joint development between the duchy of Cornwall and brewery Hall & Woodhouse. the estate, which is on his duchy of Cornwall land near Dorchester, already has a prince George House.
Gary Ross Dahl, the creator of the wildly popular 1970s fad the Pet Rock, has died aged 78 in southern Oregon. his rocks formed a brief but remarkably successful craze for several months in 1975. they came packed in a cardboard box containing a tongue-in-cheek instruction pamphlet for 'care and feeding' and made him a millionaire.
Michael Olsen, 52, abandoned his car in the middle of the road after a crash. he ignored the officers who were pursuing him by car but when they got out he turned round and pulled a gun to PC Wilson's head. when he lunged at him in a bid to save his colleague he felt a sharp pain through his hand and realised he had been shot. he was restrained and arrested, where they found a bag of bullets in his pocket
father-of-three was diagnosed with stage four hodgkin lymphoma in 2013. he was told he had just two months to live and planned his own funeral. but after making a remarkable recovery he was told he was in remission. he has now rebooked the church for his wedding to fiancee Lisa Williams.
former redgum frontman has slammed anti-islam protesters for using his song, I Was Only 19, at a rally. the songwriter said the song was about compassion, tolerance and inclusiveness. but it has emerged the hit was played at one of the rallies, which aimed to oppose'sharia law, halal tax and Islamisation'
Rilwan Oshodi, 31, bought Karen Budow's bank details for just £3,200. he then spent her savings on cheeseburgers, champagne and top-of-the-range computers. but he insists he is so broke he can't even pay his lawyers. judge tells him if he does not return his ill-gotten gains he will have to spend four more years in prison.
a 39-year-old woman named Lillian Roldan says she dated kidnapper Ariel Castro from 2000 to 2003. she says she visited his house often and never knew about the young women he was keeping prisoner. but she says he kept his basement padlocked, which she found peculiar. he allegedly told her he kept his money stored down there and didn't want his kids to steal it.
69-year-old died after being involved in a four-way crash in malibu, california. her two adult stepchildren are said to be considering a wrongful death suit. 'the sky's the limit' if it came to a court case, according to TMZ. sources close to the investigation believe he won't be prosecuted for manslaughter.
aleksandr glushko, 21, drove for more than three miles while intoxicated to retrieve the truck he'd just crashed. an Alaskan Railroad worker spotted him at the wheel of the forklift driving by the crash site. he looped back and was arrested by police who were at the scene.
model, 27, showcases her super toned body in new imagery to promote her lingerie range for Autograph at M&S. the sleepwear collection features sophisticated hues of slate blue and silver with colour pops of peach and floral prints.
last week weaver, who was already the oldest person in America, asked president Barack Obama to attend her birthday party on the Fourth of July. she passed away from complications due to pneumonia. weaver inherited the title last week, after the death of 117-year-old misao Okawa in Japan.
Chase Lacasse, 19, was arrested and charged with felony impersonation of police. he walked up to an ice cream stand in full uniform with a handgun on his belt. a customer of the store, King kone in Merrimack, said that the costume was likely an April Fools' Day prank.
aspiring singer Apryl Foster, 33, was last seen leaving a bar alone in ybor city, florida, on february 12. she was found by divers in her sunken car in a lake a few blocks from her home. autopsy results show she was under the influence of alcohol and marijuana. her blood alcohol level was 0.18, which is over twice the legal limit for driving.
the 22-year-old has dropped three stone by following a dairy-free, low-carb and low sugar diet. he has been replaced by a new body confident Sam, complete with designer stubble and a trendy new wardrobe. he has been named Vogue's April 'Today I'm Wearing' star.
Marina Yamkovskaia, 39, specializes in creating life-like bird dolls and says she can't keep up with orders. she uses mink fur and a fluffy owl named leo to make the dolls. the dolls take her around two days to produce and she has since received hundreds of orders from all over the world.
supermarket named best breakfast in the country by menu innovation and development awards.'mystery shoppers' tried breakfasts at restaurants, pubs and hotels nationwide to name Morrisons the winner. a full english at its 4-star macdonald hotel and spa costs £19.50.
one in five young professionals now consider themselves to have a problem. nearly half think it is acceptable to regularly get drunk on a night out. young people admitted to forgetting how they got home, driving themselves home drunk or getting in a car with someone they knew was drunk.
nearly all of the offenders who were granted clemency were convicted of dealing addictive, hard drugs like crack cocaine, methamphetamine and heroin. eight of those whose sentences were commuted were serving terms of life in prison. a commutation leaves the conviction in place and ends the punishment.
Iain Mackay, 40, bled to death in a shop in the coastal city of Hua Hin. he is believed to have argued with his girlfriend moments before his death. he is also understood to have clashed with a man who was talking to his girlfriend at a bar.
a new study by pew Charitable Trusts has revealed the exact salary you need to qualify in each state. Maryland's middle class is the highest paid in the country, with an average income of $72,483. Alaska is second with $72,237, followed by new jersey with $70,165.
le Femme, in new jersey, offers training to those who have undergone sex change operations or are undergoing cross-dressing. the school was created by Ellen Weirich, who dedicates her life to helping 'trans' women feel confident and comfortable in their skin. the curriculum includes lessons on how to walk gracefully in heels, how to speak like a lady, how to dress according to body shape and how to create a convincing cleavage.
Kansai international airport has never lost a piece of luggage since 1994. staff place suitcases on carousels with their handles facing outwards. this makes it easier for travellers to collect their luggage. seven of the top 10 airports are located in Asia.
the woman's lawyer says the ruling was made by Manhattan Supreme Court Justice Matthew Cooper. the woman's petition will be served once a week for three consecutive weeks or until 'acknowledged' by her husband's hard-to-find husband.
Jane Bacon, 51, booked 'final trip' to Sharm El Sheikh with her husband. she was told she could die within months from breast cancer. but she bought the £1,000-trip before doctors said she needed chemotherapy. she contacted easyjet to delay her trip after discovering she needed treatment. she was told she would have to pay £176 to change her flights. easyjet has since apologised and refunded the charges.
a 30-year-old Darwin man is accused of using someone else's employee registration number to pose as a fake nurse for six weeks. he was charged on Saturday with one count of fraud after Cairns detectives made contact with him in the northern territory. health authorities are now searching hospital patient records to identify which patients the man interacted with and what drugs may have been administered.
Nicholas James Langan, 24, from Townsville, was arrested about 1.00am on January 27 at a beach in Canggu, north of Kuta. police seized the 0.1 gram joint and a small bag of marijuana weighing 0.86 grams. also arrested was Hanung pekik Hermantoro, 25, a driver for the green room villas where the Queensland painter was staying.
the patent details a cloud-based system where a personality could be downloaded to a robot, in the same way one might download an app. the robot personality could replicate the robot's owner, 'a deceased loved one,' or 'a celebrity'
bull riding is a multi-billion dollar industry in the us and events staged by the professional bull riders' association are watched by half a billion people around the world each year. one in 15 bull rides across all age groups ends in injury of some sort.
devout Christians around the world have been taking part in awe-inspiring and shocking Holy Week celebrations. thousands of penitents have marched through streets in hooded cloaks while others have performed alarming religious self-flagellation. in northern Philippines, bare-footed men with bloodied backs lie on roads being beaten with sticks and whips.
the 44-year-old is a part of levo league's new Ask4More campaign, which calls for women to request the salaries that they deserve. on average, women only earn 78 cents for every dollar made by men. in the video, she recalls a time when she was paid $10 to do a stand-up routine, when a man who performed the same amount of time earned $60.
on Saturday, the probe swooped to within 8.6 miles (14 km) of comet 67P's surface. it was able to capture a stunning four image montage showing the two lobes of the icy comet in incredible detail. the top right frame offers a stunning view onto Hapi, the comet’s ‘neck’ region littered with boulders. in the same frame, details in the cliffs of Hathor can be seen, leading up to
extremist group's first English bulletin aired on its al-Bayan radio network. it boasts of ISIS victories in yarmouk, a suicide bombing and mortar attacks. it also boasts of car bombs killing people and destroying an 'idol'
the 51-year-old sold the 7,500-square-foot apartment for $37.5million. it comes with five bedrooms, five-and-a-half bathrooms and two kitchens.
the £135,000 was spent trapping and moving 55 of the six-inch-long creatures. the creatures were moved at a cost of £2,500 per animal to allow dredging. residents were forced to abandon homes after rivers burst their banks.
father and sons harassed pensioners with dementia in the street. they would drive them to a cash point if they had no money on them. if they had no money on them they would be driven to a nearby cash point. they would then con their way into their homes before stealing from them. gang carried out 35 thefts in hertfordshire, avon and Somerset, hants, oxford and suffolk.
'as I go home every night, I figure he might ambush me like he did my son,' says Nelson Williams Sr. of Kankakee. in a courthouse outburst in February, Taylor threatened the family minutes after hearing the guilty verdict. he somehow escaped from his cell, hid inside the facility, then beat and choked the guard who was making rounds, said Kankakee County sheriff Timothy Bukowski. Taylor, a 23-year-old
south australian law professor says police acted 'outrageously' by subjecting a woman to an oral swab test after she was reported for flashing her breasts. the 38-year-old was captured streaking by a camera car for the popular google map app. police say the mother 'pursued' the car to make sure she was captured exposing herself and that it was an illegal act.
labour leader admits he cried when he watched the 2014 film starring bill nighy and imelda staunton. he said he struggled with hand-eye coordination but was good at manic miner when he was 12-years-old. 'i'm not sure I'm very good at hand-eye coordination but I was good at it,' he said.
when he was born 12 weeks early, he weighed just 1lb 30z, little more than a bag of sugar. he suffered five cardiac arrests and was born with a bowel problem. at one point he had such severe breathing problems he was put into a paralysed state for six days while doctors tried to save his life. but he battled on and is about to celebrate his first birthday.
shadow cabinet ministers branded industry leaders who signed open letter as members of the '1 per cent' Lord Prescott suggested signatories were 'tax dodgers, tory donors and non doms' business spokesman Chuka umunna raised stakes, suggesting former diageo boss Paul Walsh should no longer take over as head of the CBI.
the crackdown comes as California and its nearly 40 million residents move toward a fourth summer of drought with no relief in sight. state reservoirs have a year's worth of water, and with record low snowfall over the winter there won't be much to replenish them. wells in some parts of the state are going dry as groundwater levels fall.
chocolate bunny worth $64,000 (£33,000) is the world's most expensive Easter treat. the five kilogram sculpture is made from 75 per cent Tanzania origin chocolate. it contains 548,000 calories and has two solitaire diamonds for eyes. australian families will consume 124.3million Easter treats this year.
two long-time friends and their four sons traveled from Montreal, Quebec to Corbin, Kentucky to eat at the original home of Kentucky Fried Chicken. the group of six completed the drive in three days crossing two Canadian provinces including Quebec and Ontario, as well as five U.S. states. for three of the sons, it was the first time they had tasted KFC.
Tyecka Shanta Evans, 28, has been charged with manslaughter in the death of her 3-month-old daughter, Taliya Richardson. she initially told police that she had dozed off and woke up in the living room to find that her daughter had crawled over a pillow on the floor. but she later changed her story and admitted that she had left her two children, ages 9 and three months, and her 1-year-old nephew home alone at 1am to go to
the 'euthanasia' of strays was legalised by the Romanian parliament in 2013. but a group of former models have rescued hundreds of stray dogs. they have re-homed at least 700 in the uk and spayed over 2,500 dogs. angels claim government funds for neutering the animals were never implemented.
researchers at the Massachusetts institute of technology have created an algorithm that can tell how effectively someone is striking a keypad. it can distinguish between typing done in the middle of the night, when sleep deprivation impairs motor skills, and typing performed when fully rested.
allie dodds, 24, runs the Instagram account The.Sweet.Sweat. she regularly published recipes for her friends and family on her blog. her gourmet recipes caught the eye of gold coast businesswoman and successful personal trainer, Ashy Bines, in 2012. she said she was stunned when a colleague noticed her salmon and cauliflower recipe in a 2012 edition of her clean eating recipe book. 'it was just Ashy's Guidelines and zero mention of my name or my blog and I
aspinal of London has teamed up with fashion icon Olivia Palermo. the 'tech tote' is a fusion of technology and style. all profits from the sale of this handbag go to charity ADCAM.
four surgeons will carry out the eight- to ten-hour operation on may 11. he will remain in hospital for 10 to 14 days and hopes to return to work in September. he was diagnosed with malignant liposarcoma - a rare type of soft tissue cancer.
reality star joined party leader on boat trip to find out about election plans. told reporters he only knew about the party leader was he is a'really, really reem guy'. he said: 'i think that's good... I'm not sure'
cassandra Fortin, 17, was ordered by the state's Supreme Court to undergo chemotherapy for her blood cancer. doctors said she had an 85 percent chance of survival with chemotherapy, but faced a near certainty of death within two years without it. her mother, Jackie, said the hospital tried to prevent her mother from visiting her room. the judge ruled on Wednesday she must remain in DCF custody until completing court-ordered chemotherapy.
fourth massive sandstorm to hit north-west of country this year alone. red sand swept across the northern region bringing strong winds and floating sand to the regions of Xinjiang, Inner Mongolia, Gansu, Ningxia and Shaanxi.
a handwritten note from a passenger has gone viral on twitter. it was posted by pilot jai Dillon, who was shown the plane by a colleague. he wrote: 'provided proof that we're all in this together'
sherrell starred alongside white dee on channel 4's benefits street. the mother-of-two says she has nowhere to live following a mice infestation. she is currently living in temporary accommodation in handsworth. but she has now won a place in the top model of colour final.
tatty tarmac site overlooks the golden sands at Rhossili in south Wales. voted the UK's number one beach, the third best in Europe, and 9th best in the world by TripAdvisor.
mascot was 'kidnapped' from the Admiral Rodney, in Nottingham, last month. owl has been pictured sunbathing on a beach towel and taking a camel ride. the £7.99 ornament has already jetted off to a number of countries.
Ethel Rider, 87, suffered a broken pelvis and was left 'cowering' in pain. but her carers failed to seek medical help and simply lifted her back into bed. a nurse realised she was in agony and called an ambulance 24 hours later. one of her carers, Susan Logan, had tried to turn her by herself. but when asked what had happened, Logan and her supervisor, Lauren Gillies, lied, saying she had fallen out of bed. both were
five-year-old Ava Ciach, from geelong in Victoria, suffered from Sagittal Synostosis. the condition means the two plates at the front of her skull had fused together prematurely restricting the growth of her brain. she had to undergo complex surgery in which she had her skull removed, smashed into pieces and put back together like a jigsaw puzzle.
collection includes eggs by much-loved brands like Caramac, Yorkie, Rolo, Toffee Crisp, Aero and even Polo. tradition can be traced back to the years following the first world war when eggs symbolised new life and hope.
Marc Wabafiyebazu, 15, has been arrested for felony murder and his brother Jean, 17, was shot dead after a gunfight erupted during a drug deal. their mother is Roxanne Dubé, the recently appointed Canadian consul general in Miami. police believe the two young men were armed with guns as they tried to rob a group of men during a drug deal.
the girl in the spider's web, published worldwide on august 27, will be the fourth installment in the best-selling Millennium crime trilogy by Swedish author Stieg Larsson. the book was completed in November by David Lagercrantz based on a plot outline left by Larsson before he died of a heart attack in 2004 aged 50.
veins were found at a site called 'Garden City' on the slopes of Mount Sharp. they stick up from the rock by up to 6cm (2.5 inches) scientists believe the bizarre network of ridges formed in Mars' wet past billions of years ago above the now eroded, much softer bedrock.
Father Damian Maria Montes, 29, was appearing on the spanish version. he belted out the 1997 ballad while donning his priest's collar. as he launched himself into the chorus, the audience whooped with delight. he claimed he had been singing since he was 16 years old.
more than 20,000 foreign fighters have fled to Syria and Iraq. more than half the countries in the world have joined militant groups. report warns if IS is defeated foreign fighters could be scattered.
YouTube star Promise Tamang shows how to contour her face. the mother-of-six wore cheek prosthetics to achieve sharp cheekbones. her bone structure is a result of clever contouring. she has previously made videos of herself as Elsa from Frozen.
forget fancy sheets and down-filled duvets, the perfect pillow is the key to a good night’s sleep. on average, we rest our weary heads on our pillows for more than 2,500 hours per year. but which is a pain in the neck and which is a dream come true?
a Reading university researcher has said that bees prefer cities to fields. the expansion of farmland has actually been damaging to bee population. heaths and meadows near Milton Keynes now boast more species of bee than sites in more rural areas. climate change could be disrupting the relationship between bees and plants.
mark dawe, head of the Oxford, Cambridge and RSA examinations board, said pupils would only have a short time to use the search engine during tests. he said most pupils now learn through search engines anyway. campaigners say it would lead to a 'dumbing down of standards'
Alison Hargreaves, 32, was swept to her death in 260mph winds in 1995. her son Tom Ballard, 26, plans to climb the second highest mountain in the world. last month he became the first to solo climb all six of the great north faces.
'i refuse to go to my grave with no children and only four lovers,' she declares. 'if I can't have one, I must have the other,' she says.
Lotatoa 'Lota' Ward was diagnosed with a rare form of brain tumor in October 2014. he had already run several half marathons and raised $1,700 for two friends who suffer from spinal muscular atrophy. he decided to run the 10th annual Antelope Island Buffalo Run with the help of his running fanatic father. he completed 33 miles before his sore feet forced him to stop.
four men and women appeared in court accused of human trafficking. six others are facing related charges in what prosecution documents describe as 'a two thousands piece puzzle built around four births' at the centre of the scandal was Ilie Ionita, 35, and co-conspirators Valeriu Rosu, 42, Florian Stan, 33, and Florin Coman 25. all face up to 10 years in prison and fines equivalent to more than £1million.
prince Harry will arrive in australia next Monday ahead of his final tour of duty. he'll serve alongside elite soldiers in Darwin, Perth and Sydney. he will also spend time with Indigenous soldiers in the northern territory. if he passes military testing, it is possible he'll fly helicopters with the Sydney regiment.
vijay Chokal-Ingam claims he was only accepted into medical school in the late 1990s because he posed as a black man.'my sister Mindy Kaling (Vera Mindy Chokalingam) strongly disapproves of my book,' he wrote on his blog. 'the rest of my family does not agree with the book. still, they respect my right to make my own decisions with my career,' he said.
typhoon maysak was initially a category 5 typhoon, causing troops in the Philippines to be put on alert today. as it moved over the Pacific Ocean, the storm generated winds of more than 140mph (225km/h) it is expected to weaken once it hits the central or northern parts of the main Philippine island of Luzon on Saturday or Sunday.
fiancee spotted working on her wedding tan in key biscayne, florida. wore a wide-brimmed hat to shield her face from the sun. will marry her long-term partner later this month.
death of Shahnawaz, 40, has shaken the city. he was returning home from a family function when he was thrashed. five strongmen mercilessly beat him to death over a traffic quarrel.
justus howell, 17, was shot twice in the back by police in Zion, Illinois, on Saturday afternoon. police responding to news of 'an argument' had chased him down the street before opening fire. his mother, LaToya Howell, said justus wanted to be a surgeon.
experts in us found 50 per cent of pensioners panicked and sold investments. those who sold at lowest point eight years ago would only have £63,000 today. comes days before retirees in uk given power to decide how to spend savings.
triathlete nearly died in a car crash in 2010. she vowed to wear only fancy dress costumes for 40 days of lent. the two women rated buskers in london's Trafalgar Square. they also rode the tube as lifeguards and pitched to clients in their pyjamas.
the emails that resulted in the firings of two police officers and a court clerk in the city of Ferguson, Missouri were released on Thursday. police captain Richard Henke said of president Barack Obama; 'What black man holds a steady job for four years' in the other emails president Obama is labelled a monkey, welfare recipients are described as 'lazy' and unable to speak english. black individuals are First Lady Michelle Obama is called a tribeswoman.
italian photographer Giovanna Griffo was in Iceland to capture the northern lights in all their glory. the 42-year-old led a group of her students to Vik and Hella in the south of Iceland. she has a particular affinity with the night sky - and locations in her own country too.
it is believed the man, from Brent, works in the military's post office. he could have had access to names and address of all military personnel. he has been put on compassionate leave after first facing suspension.
sterling has already fallen nearly five per cent against the US dollar in the past five weeks amid jitters about the outcome of the general election. a badly hung parliament, with neither major party able to form a stable government, would be likely to send to pound plummeting by a further ten per cent. the sell-off could accelerate and spread to the stock and bond markets – driving share prices down and borrowing costs up.
the research vessel flip has been used by the US Office for Naval Research for more than 50 years. the 355-foot vessel has to be towed to its location where it turns 90 degrees, leaving just 50 feet above the surface. it is used to measure underwater acoustics as well as water temperature.
judge ruled that 49-year-old Lishan Wang should be sent to Connecticut Valley Hospital for treatment. mental health experts said Wang displayed 'paranoid thinking' and was 'guarded and suspicious' when discussing a relationship with court-appointed lawyers. Wang is charged with murder in the shooting of Yale University doctor Vajinder Toor, 34, and shooting but missing Toor's then-pregnant wife outside their Branford, Connecticut, home in 2010.
small egg-shaped gadget acts like a beacon, or booster, to help messages move around these so-called wireless mesh networks more easily. called Greenstone, the egg-shaped gadget acts like a beacon, or booster, to help messages move around these off-the-grid networks more easily. fireChat launched last year and has been downloaded more than five million times.
the figure represents $1 million for each of the 51 additional years that John Bieniewicz, 44, could have lived. 'we hope this lawsuit sends a message that when you commit uncivilized acts in a civilized world there are consequences, even beyond the criminal realm,' said attorney James Acho.
the one-touch-911 app was designed by researchers at MIT. each of the four buttons on the app trigger a standard call to nearby dispatchers. each call is placed with the phone's GPS location, user details and any pre-entered medical information attached. if the user doesn't have signal on their network, the app lets them 'roam' onto another network to connect the call. the app can be used in 135 countries, and is compatible with any three-digit emergency number in
corporal mark Donaldson is one of the very few to have been awarded the nation's highest military honour, the Victoria Cross, for his bravery in Afghanistan. four years earlier he was a member of an elite special air services unit ordered to assassinate a Taliban warlord who boasted he would kill the royal heir. he was shot dead by a crackunit from the elite SAS headquarters in Perth, western australia. the fourth in line to the throne will fulfill one
Caleb Benn, a high school student, has developed a $4.99 (£3.24) app for iOS devices using Instagram's application program interface. it allows users to upload photos to Instagram directly from their computer rather than using only their smartphone. the teenager is currently making $1,000 (£675.70) a day from the app. an engineer from Instagram allegedly sent Benn an email last week, claiming the app violated the company's terms of service. the email asked Benn to 'fix
new york-based writer Danielle Page set out to ask every cabbie she came across to dispense their best piece of relationship advice. the drivers, many of whom are married themselves, revealed their personal tips, life lessons and cultural anecdotes all in the name of love.
friends went to the house in Xalo, near Benidorm, on sunday afternoon. they found the door open and the couple locked in each other's arms. police say they are not ruling out a line of inquiry but believe they were murdered.
residents forced to flee their homes as blaze went out of control in california. fire started as controlled burn but soon spiraled out of control due to high winds. firefighters managed to get the blaze under control by 7pm on tuesday night.
Alan Spencer, 67, was tucking into his dinner when the onion blocked his windpipe. he frantically tried to clear his throat and made his way to the door. but he collapsed in his hallway and felt his life'slipping away' luckily 18-month-old Lexi leaped into action and jumped on to his back.
'i wish they wouldn’t use centerfold models in tight clothes. we don’t look that way. and we don’t act that way,' said Sandra Grimes, 69. 'the problem is that they portray most women in such a one-dimensional way; whatever the character flaw is, that’s all they are,' said veteran CIA analyst Gina Bennett. one of the fictional CIA agents currently on screen is Charlie Tucker on NBC's State of Affairs.
Seth Casteel photographed 750 babies in schools across ten different states to create his new book, Underwater Babies. the book is a celebration of babies, but there's a serious element to it,' he said.
Mike Holpin has three 48in widescreen tvs dotted around his monmouthshire council house. each connected to his three £450 PS4 consoles all funded by state handouts. 40 children by 20 women have cost taxpayers £4million in benefits and care costs. at least 16 of his children were taken off him and their mothers by social services.
two-year-old darcy atkinson died of brain injuries in 2012. he was covered in bruises and had traces of the stimulant Ritalin in his system. he was in the care of his mother's boyfriend when he was airlifted to westmead children's hospital after throwing up three times and going rigid in the bath.
italian Glamour: the Essence of Italian Fashion, from the post-war years to the present day, captures the evolution of Mediterranean style. it was compiled by two men who were the first to introduce the concept of vintage in Italy. the book focuses on the humble beginnings of some of the world's biggest italian brands.
abijath Desikan, 35, arrested following 7.5 hour siege at Riverside Quay. he was charged with armed robbery, false imprisonment and assault with a weapon. the man, of no fixed address, was remanded in custody to appear in Melbourne Magistrates' Court tomorrow morning.
police removed the mummified body from the house in the Richmond area. it is believed to be that of Anna Ragin who lived with her daughter. residents said the mother had not been seen for years. another man, archibald Ragin, lived at the property but died 15 years ago.
the so-called Disciples of the New Dawn's facebook page has sparked an internet firestorm. thousands of mothers share, and comment on, the group's anti-cesarean memes, expressing their disgust at the messages they express. the religious community is using the images to encourage fellow Christians to shame 'lazy' and 'negligent' mothers who have elected to undergo C-sections.
support for the party has dropped from 16.75 per cent in November to 12.25 per cent today. voters appear to switch to the conservatives in the run up to the election. but the party leader said he expects to recover momentum in the run-up to next month's election.
Michael Brelo, 31, is charged with two counts of voluntary manslaughter for the deaths of Timothy Russell, 43, and Malissa Williams, 30. he is the lone officer among the 13 who fired their weapons that night who is charged criminally because he stood on the hood and opened fire four seconds after the other officers had stopped shooting. a rookie cop told investigators that the 31-year-old Cleveland officer talked about it in the days after the shooting.
'we are not a debt colony, we have the same rights as other countries have', he said. he said he would not be thrown 'off the boat' by the eurozone.
the ring, located 12 billion light years away, is an illusion created by the chance alignment of two distant galaxies. it is a rare manifestation of gravitational lensing predicted by Albert Einstein in his theory of relativity.
the couple, known only as Jamie and Dawn, were appearing on an episode entitled: 'My fiancé is a womaniser but is he a cheat?'. after refusing to take one of the show's famous lie detector tests, a furious Dawn storms out, screeching: 'I'm out of here!'
police have found the car a teenager was forced into at gunpoint by an ex-partner. 18-year-old Billy-Anne Huxham was reportedly woken up, attacked with a machete and taken from her home. detectives are desperately searching for the teen and Carl Garry Chapman, 32, who is believed to be the victim's former boyfriend.
scientists believe the first complex conversation between humans took place around 50,000 to 100,000 years ago. much of it involved cavemen grunting, or hunter-gatherers mumbling and pointing, before learning to speak in a detailed way. but in a new study, one linguist argues that human language developed rapidly with people quickly using complex sentences that sound like our own.
Kevin Blandford, 33, from Louisville, Kentucky, won a free trip to Puerto Rico through his workplace. but his wife, Bonnie, was unable to join him because she stayed home to care for their six-month-old daughter. the photo album has gone viral with more than two million views on the website imgur and nearly 3,000 comments on reddit.
employee of pizza hut in canada shared doctor's note on reddit. he praised patient for'sensibly staying home' from work. he said: 'i have no test for the common cold and therefore believe him/her'
a surge in support for the snp will cost labour a majority on may 7. a full-blown coalition, with SNP ministers in the cabinet, is unlikely. but her MPs could vote to prop up a labour minority administration.
Sinn Fein president sparked outrage by suggesting incidents like Mrs McConville’s murder happened ‘in every single conflict’. comments have angered relatives of the mother-of-ten who disappeared from her home in Belfast in 1972. she was accused by republicans of being a British Army informer, suffocated with a plastic bag and shot dead.
university of Nebraska researcher has revealed why stress is bad for you in a video. limited periods of stress are good, as they release the hormone cortisol. this is useful in helping you recover from very tense situations. but too much will lower your immune system and make your bones fragile. the science of stress was explained in a video for the american chemical society.
pet aquarium fish are being caught weighing up to 2kg and koi carp up to 8kg and one metre in length in the waterways of western australia. the native fish in the region are generally less than 10cm in length like the pygmy perch or the native minnows. in the south-west of western australia 90% of the fish and 100 per cent of the crayfish are only found there.
activists broke into Wagner's Poultry Farm in coldstream in march. they found emaciated, sick and dying hens living in filthy conditions. hens spend over a year in small wire cages and are sent to slaughterhouses. owner of the farm denies claims that the animals were not being cared for properly.
pm vowed to 'do more' to respond to concerns about immigration. warned it is 'not the time to send a message or make a protest' he conceded that he understood the 'frustrations' of Ukip voters.
the rise of the young adult heroine has prompted a backlash on twitter. teen users have taken to the social media site to voice their frustrations. many of the tweets look at similar dystopian situations to those in the novels. others address that unlike her perfect YA contemporaries, she suffers from adolescent ailments.
Kyle Kandrick was suspended from the maaco auto body shop in Hagerstown, Maryland, after Ella May Rudd posted the voicemail for her husband on facebook. in the voicemail, Kandrick said: 'i was just personally attacked by your wife on Facebook, and I don't appreciate it at all, pal'
the first phase of Disney's Polynesian Villas & Bungalows has just been unveiled. opulent overwater bungalows are available from $2,000 a night - rising to $4,500 at peak times. each bungalow sleeps eight people and offers a view of both the Magic Kingdom Resort and the lagoon.
the mayor of london today launched the tory campaign in the capital. he said the labour leader was 'hostile' to people who wanted to own their home. he said he would embark on an 'orgy of regulation and state socialism'. also claimed the greens want a return to'somewhere around the bronze age'
angela postle, from southeast Queensland, stumbled upon the bizarre spectacle after slicing some oranges she bought from a local supermarket. the mother-of-five sent the fruit to the Queensland environmental health branch for testing, but their first round of scientific tests were to no avail. 'we need answers, this isn't normal or natural. I am not going to feed my kids something like that. I think it's awful they haven't come up with any answers,' she said.
seven out of 10 business chiefs think Ed Miliband would be a 'catastrophe' for the country. poll of FTSE 100 chairman reveals overwhelming support for pm. comes despite widespread concern over his pledge to hold in-out referendum. more than 100 company bosses signed letter warning against a labour government.
Kira Hollis was diagnosed with borderline personality disorder three years ago. she had been self-harming and experienced from aggressive outbursts. at 6st, she was deemed clinically underweight and weighed just 6st. doctors ordered the 27-year-old to go to the gym to gain some weight. there, she turned her life around and is now a personal trainer.
Robert Dellinger, 54, was sentenced on Thursday to two four-and-a-half to ten year sentences that are to be served consecutively in the December 2013 deaths of Amanda Murphy, 24, and her fiance, 29-year-old Jason Timmons. he pleaded guilty in February to negligent homicide for the deaths of the couple, who were from Wilder, Vermont, and to assault for the death of the fetus. he was given credit for the 15 months he has
pm insists coalition has spent five years 'trying to lift people up' in message. bishops complain welfare claimants are 'described in terms that imply they are undeserving, dependent and ought to be self-sufficient'
items from the entertainer's estate will go under the hammer in an auction at the hard rock cafe in new york. Memorabilia on sale includes his plaque commemorating the installation of the monkees' star on Hollywood Boulevard. also up for sale are a red director’s chair with 'the monkees' logo across the back, expected to fetch $400.
former bomb disposal expert slimmed down from 32st to 16st. the 56-year-old had gastric bypass surgery 14 months ago. father-of-three says he has a new lease of life after losing half his bodyweight.
kiwi couple snapped up a bargain by buying property for $1.25 million less than it is worth. the four-bedroom home near Auckland attracted plenty of interest after its sellers put it on the market at such a low price. the house was listed by its former owners with just a $1 reserve, despite its million-dollar price-tag.
three women scoring red carpet gigs and A-list actors have been dubbed 'power stylists' in the list. sixth place is Elizabeth Stewart, a former fashion editor for women's wear daily and the new york times. also scoring eighth place is Cristina Elrich, the stylist responsible for creating a fresh faced glamour look for Aussie beauty Margot Robbie.
Ashley Johnston, 28, was shot in February in Rojava, near the Turkish border. he was fighting with the Kurdish people's protection units (ypg) he was given a heroes send off in macquarie park, Sydney, on Thursday. his mother, Amanda, had no idea her son was at war in the middle east until she learned of his death.
the four-day Easter long weekend will be extended by an hour when clocks go back an hour at 3am on Sunday. the time change affects all states except Queensland, the Northern Territory and western australia, where daylight saving is not observed. Changing the clock is also a reminder for people to change their smoke alarm batteries.
unidentified man shot himself at the theme park in Hollywood, california, on friday. police say he was stalking his estranged ex-girlfriend, who works in a restaurant. last week he was escorted off the premises - just days after he vandalized his ex-girlfriend's car. but despite court orders banning him from the park, he was spotted near the water slides where he shot himself dead.
the woman and child were stranded in their car in high water around 9:30 a.m. on a rural highway in Lee County. around 11:30 a.m., the car was swept away and rescue workers lost sight of them. authorities in Louisville, Kentucky, made more than 100 water rescues early friday as a severe storm's persistent downpour flooded roads.
at least 55 carcasses were found in the coonarr area, near Bundaberg, on Tuesday. a joint RSPCA and Queensland police taskforce is now investigating. early investigations suggest the dogs were killed as they were too slow. there were no greyhound training facilities or other connections to the racing industry in the area, a police spokesperson said.
big cat was seen at Kruger national park in south africa attempting to tackle the hefty mammal when it became separated from its herd. lion tries to take a bite out of the hippo's back but ends up being chased away by the infant's angry mother.
a Nevada highway patrol trooper issued a $200 ticket to Stephanie Fragoso. she was cited for putting on lip balm while behind the wheel. the ticket caused her to receive points against her driving record. the state released distracted driving statistics as part of its campaign to have zero driving fatalities in 2015.
stock market returns have averaged 16 per cent a year under the conservatives. just under 9 per cent under labour and just over 9 per cent under current coalition. figures are a further boost for prime minister david cameron.
the luxury penthouse at the London west Hollywood hotel is set to open next month. it will cost $25,000 (almost £17,000) a night and will feature exclusive art, decor and custom furnishings. the 10th-floor penthouse measures 11,000 square feet with two levels. guests can spot westwood-designed prints, tiles and even scarves in the suite.
superdrug has launched a range of creams with ingredients normally found in teenage spot treatments – as well as those for anti-ageing. a poll of 2,000 women in their 30s, 40s and 50s discovered almost half were still being blighted with blemishes well into adulthood. stress makes adrenal glands release male hormones, which trigger more oil production, blocking pores.
water police have been called in to help with the search of a missing autistic boy. 11-year-old Luke Shambrook is 'fascinated' by water but can't swim. he has been missing for two nights in a Victorian national park. temperatures dropped to as low as eight degree Celsius on Saturday night.
the Hunger Games franchise has grossed over $2 billion after three movies. before that, the Twilight saga managed $3.3 billion over five films from 2008. there is still a small group of stars considered capable of pulling people into theaters in droves.
the moody french sensation is taking the modelling world by storm. last year, she clawed in over £2 million in fees, outstripping the earnings of bushy-eyebrowed supermodel-of-the-moment cara delevingne. Choupette is a three-year-old Birman cat and the pride, joy, and slightly disturbing obsession, of Lagerfeld.
Hugo Mbaeri, 25, from Portsmouth, denies fraud by abuse of position and conspiracy to commit fraud at the old Bailey. alleged ringleader of the scheme, who is not before the court, set up standing orders by impersonating the victims. abiola balogun, 22, Gideon Boateng, 19, Tevin Campbell, 20, Joshua Clark, 20, Rebecca Jack, 21, Patrick Reddington, 20, and Christiana Tella, 19, are accused of using their accounts to siphon the funds away.
Luc Donckerwolke criticized Ford's new Lincoln Continental on facebook. he said the saloon shared too many similarities with the Bentley Flying Spur. the side windows of the vehicles look similar and both models have chrome trim. donckerwolke said: 'Building a copy like this is giving a bad name to the car design world'
china is creating a 'great wall of sand' in the south china sea, the US Navy has claimed. the latest huge land mass is 1.5 square miles (four square kilometres) in size. it was created by dumping sand on live coral reefs, possibly damaging local ecosystems. five islands have already been made, with two more in development. experts have told mailonline that the activities could be hugely damaging to local ecosystems.
a 17-year-old student had seen his grades drop in his senior year and has been struggling with social interactions. math teacher Erica Ginneti, 35, chaperoned the student and sent him X-rated photos and videos of herself. the married mother of three from Philadelphia pleaded guilty to institutional sexual assault and disseminating sexually explicit materials to a minor. on friday, she was sentenced to 30-23 months, including the first 30 days in jail and the next 60 on house
campaign chiefs attempted to rebuff letter criticising party by publishing its own message calling for a labour government signed by people ‘from all walks of life’. signatories warned about ‘proliferation of zero-hours contracts’ they claimed were ‘letting down Britain’. but within hours the plan was in chaos as it was found the signatories included a benefit fraudster, trade unionists and the cigar-smoking children of millionaires.
glorious spring weather is set to stretch out for the rest of the week - and the weather will be warmer than in many Mediterranean sun spots. southern parts of England are forecast to hit 21C (70F) or higher - which would be the hottest this year so far. it comes after the washout weather of last week gave way to a spectacular Easter weekend.
married couple were hit shortly before 10am on Easter Sunday in Durham. the accident occurred on property owned by Norfolk-Southern. authorities say none of the 166 passengers on the train were injured.
around 75 people were inside the Korean Union United Methodist Church in Rahway when the ceiling collapsed. one woman suffered a serious but non-life threatening head injury. the cause of the collapse is currently being investigated.
cody Neatis, 8, has been in hospital for a week with a chest infection. he has Down's syndrome, epilepsy, autism and is fed by a tube. staff do not have the special cot he needs to keep him safe in his sleep. his mother, Lynne, 48, has slept on the mattress with him for the past week. she watches him sleep in case he pulls out his oxygen or hurts himself.
the two, GOP-controlled states were in a frenzy to quell national outrage over legislation meant to satisfy evangelicals who do not believe they should be compelled by the government to provide goods and services to certain customers. the moves had the direct effect of upsetting gay and lesbian individuals, however, and incited massive protests. the two, GOP-controlled states were in a frenzy to quell national outrage over legislation meant to satisfy evangelicals.
more than 127,000 people have signed a petition calling for the veteran to be allowed to stay in his house. but the council insists he cannot be treated as a special case.
graphic designer used satellite data to chart how constellations have changed. he estimates how the constellations will change from 50,000 BC to 100,000CE. results suggest many of the most distinctive constellations will become almost unrecognisable in the future and some may need to be renamed entirely.
photographer Hernando Rivera Cervantes captured the rare images as the Colima volcano erupted. the 12,400 feet (3,800 metre) high volcano threw ash up to 1.8 miles (three kilometres) into the atmosphere. blots of lightning are thought to occur due to the build up of electric charge in the ash cloud.
many Christian schools give priority to families who regularly attend services. but a group of vicars say it can lead to discrimination against the poor. alliance of left-leaning clergy and laypeople called for end to religious selection.
the mission will take place in two parts, and this month marked the start of preliminary design work on ESA's Asteroid Impact Mission, or AIM. it is working with Nasa to send a lander crashing into a small asteroid's moon at 14,000mph to see what happens. experts hope the impact will be large enough to alter its orbit.
woman, 19, was changing in cubicle in Aqua Vale swimming pool in aylesbury, buckinghamshire, when she noticed a man looking under the bottom of the cubicle. she kicked him and he then disappeared. police are appealing for anyone who recognises the man to contact them urgently.
traditional Chinese medicine (TCM) claims all manner of ailments including back ache, poor memory and even cancer can be cured by the natural world. this wisdom is widespread in Guangzhou, where markets stock exotic and rare animals destined for restaurant menus, pharmacists and pet cages. but a movement of fledgling organisations such as the south china nature society is challenging centuries of tradition.
the liquid is called Shear-Thickening Fluid (STF), and instantly hardens upon impact at any temperature. in a 'liquid armour' this provides protection from penetration by high-speed projectiles and additionally dispersing energy over a larger area.
the 34-year-old was diagnosed with the virus after starting a new relationship. he said he was infuriated by the lib dem leader's'scaremongering' over foreigners. he is the second lib dem to go public with their HIV positive status.
Hayley Okines suffered from the rare disease progeria which ages the body at eight times the normal rate. there are around 74 known cases of the disease around the world and only four in the uk. a 10 year old progeria child will have the appearance of an octogenarian with symptoms including baldness, arthritis and heart problems.
the 23-year-old driver and his two adult passengers managed to escape unharmed after the blue Mitsubishi Lancer sunk to the bottom of the pool at Hinchinbrook in Sydney's north-west. the men told police they were driving along Partridge Road at 4.30am on friday when they collided with a taxi at a roundabout. the car spun out of control before mounting the kerb, smashing through a colourbond fence and landing in the pool. police are now appealing for
premenstrual symptoms such as irritability and cravings are common, but they're not normal. naturopathic doctor Dr Lara Briden says that PMS can be banished for good by adapting an anti-inflammatory diet.
nursing student Anthony Clark Reed was pulled over in Detroit, Michigan. the 24-year-old was handcuffed, despite complaining he had trouble breathing. he suffered a fatal heart attack and was searching for his inhaler. his father, pastor Kevin Clark, claims police were indirectly responsible. he is planning to sue police for their role in his son's death.
pupils at riverview junior school in Gravesend, Kent, told they cannot run. parents say they need to 'let off steam' during breaks and get exercise. staff say they are trying to tackle dangerous 'chasing' game.
temperatures reached 17.4°C (63.3°F) and 17.5°C (63.5°F) over a two day period last week temperatures reached 17.5°C (63.5°F) this is potentially a new record for the warmest temperature measured on the frozen continent.
former intelligence officer said spy chiefs ordered him to ‘stop digging’. he reported a possible paedophile ring at the northern Ireland children’s home. spoke out during a meeting with victim, who claimed he was one of three youngsters trafficked from the home before being molested by ‘very powerful’ figures in a Westminster paedophile gang. campaigners claim he was sexually abused by politicians and other senior men at Dolphin Square apartment complex in pimlico and
Julie Merner, 39, has been admitted to hospital 13 times in six years. mother-of-three suffers severe liver cirrhosis and can barely speak. she hasn't touched a drop of alcohol since - her longest spell of abstinence. 'they say one more drop will kill me,' says the mother-of-three.
a 71-year-old man and 64-year-old woman have been charged with unlawfully possessing a firearm. police found a rifle and ammunition in a home in Bundaberg on Thursday. the grisly photos show the decomposed bodies and burnt out skeletons of the greyhounds. local speculation suggests the site is a common dumping ground for unwanted racing greyhounds.
Dylan Miller, a senior at Juniata College, in Huntingdon, Pennsylvania, decided for his senior project that he would live in a hut deep in the woods. with no plumbing or electricity, Miller has spent the last eight months studying by lantern and chasing away the occasional bear. he hopes living in his nine-foot-tall, 17-by-17ft hut will teach him about living simply, away from the luxuries of the present day.
Sydney’s dwelling values rose by 5.8 per cent in the last quarter bringing the average median house price to $690,000. it comes after the Reserve Bank cut official interest rates to 2.25 per cent in February. it led to a weekly 80 per cent auction clearance rate and an investor fuelled market.
two 17-year-old boys have not been in contact with their families for several days. one is believed to be a relative of Hammaad Munshi, who was 15. he was recruited by a leading 'cyber terrorist' who radicalised impressionable Muslims. he was found with two bags of ball-bearings - key material for a suicide vest.
traditional Easter eggs have undergone a dramatic makeover. this year they have appeared on supermarket shelves and restaurant menus. from yeast-flavoured chocolate to an egg made from 300g of cheese. here is FEMAIL's selection of the most unusual eggs.
LED screens found in most electronic devices can harm the retina - the light-sensitive layer at the back of the eye - and may even lead to partial blindness. 'blue light' emitted from gadgets can cause a variety of health complaints, ranging from sleeping and eating problems to headaches and even cancer. modern LED screens, produced from about 2007 onwards, emit up to five times as much blue light as older technology.
after nine months of exploratory drilling, a group of British companies found oil and gas in a remote field north of the islands. the bonanza, which could be worth billions of pounds, will add to fears of renewed conflict over the British overseas territory. discovery at the Zebedee exploratory well comes amid worsening relations with Buenos Aires.
the 92-year-old gossip columnist is spilling celebrity secrets that she never printed over the course of her 70 year career. she claims she was asked by IAC chairman in 1992: 'Do you think I should come out?' but that he 'worships' his wife Diane von Furstenberg.
Kyle Patrick Loughlin, who was enrolled at Bridgewater state university on an early childhood education course, was arrested on Tuesday night after reportedly admitting that he'd molested two boys aged between four and five. police said they then proceeded to search Loughlin's dorm room where they found more than 100 pairs of children's underwear and diapers. the student allegedly said that he started feeling an attraction to young boys as a teenager and he sometimes wrote '
massive rescue operation underway after trawler sank in the sea of Okhotsk. the ship, called the Dalny Vostok, was carrying an international crew of 132. it tipped over when a fishing net weighing 80 tons was pulled in.
professional wrestler took a different approach when he pulled out his son's tooth. he revved up the engine of his red camero and lurched forward. after the car stops, eight-year-old can be seen running up to the camera. he can be seen running up with blood smudged across his other teeth.
Duncan Hodgetts, 25, fell from 14th floor window of executive plaza building. found on third-floor balcony of neighboring Michelangelo hotel, near rockefeller center. tax adviser from Birmingham, west Midlands, worked for accountancy firm Ernst and Young. he was on a business trip when he fell from balcony at 8.30am yesterday. a spokesman for the police department said they were treating his death as suicide.
Hakeem Kuta, 17, died after falling from the roof of a six-story building in the Bronx on tuesday night. police were responding to complaints of a group of teens smoking marijuana and loitering in the lobby. when officers got to the roof, some teens jumped and ran away, but Kuta and his 14-year-old companion were pinned in by a dividing wall. his friend tried to help by desperately holding onto his jacket as he
top gear took up first, second, third and fifth spots in the catch-up service's top five for the month. the four episodes in February were watched a total of 9,047,000 times. episode two alone was watched 2,645,000 times. figures for march are expected to see a sharp decline.
Keonna Thomas, 30, was arrested in Philadelphia on charges she tried to join and martyr herself for the Islamic State group. she was preparing to travel overseas to fight with the terror group, but instead was arrested at her home. authorities said that she communicated with an Islamic State group fighter in Syria who asked if she wanted to be part of a martyrdom operation. 'i can make that wish come true,' the fighter reportedly replied.
identical twins Marcus and Markieff Morris are now the focus of an investigation into a felony aggravated assault which allegedly occurred in January. the 25-year-old twins and three others assaulted Erik Hood at the Nina Mason Pulliam Recreation & Sports Complex where the alleged victim and a woman were watching a basketball game. no charges have been filed and no arrests have been made, but a Maricopa County attorney's office spokesman confirmed prosecutors
infestation of deathwatch beetles is putting the 800-year-old castle at peril. a £5 million battle plan has been launched to repel the insect attackers. the castle towers above the town of Hay-on-Wye on the Welsh border.
afoa, 33, was operating a tug to push aircraft at sea-tacoma international airport when the brakes and steering failed, causing him to crash into a luggage lift. the incident left him unable to use his legs or right arm and much of his intestinal tract had to be removed by surgeons. he went on to sue the port of. Seattle - which owns and operates the sea-tac airport - saying that the company. failed to maintain a
baby malakai has been alive for seven months and he's never left the hospital. he's been diagnosed with a rare medical condition known as pallister killian syndrome. his mother had to give up her job in Perth in order to care for him full-time. without an income, she has been forced to survive on welfare funding of $90 a week to support her son and her daughter, seven.
Keith Cameron scammed dying friend and neighbour out of £476,864 in complicated ruse. he promised lighting architect a £2million return on investment in just two years. but it was all an elaborate lie and he spent it on lavish lifestyle and holidays. his widow, Elizabeth, said:'my daughters and i will be dealing with consequences'
four-year-old border collie and 22-month-old english springer spaniel trained for six months to sniff out dry rot. dry rot is wood decay caused by the fungus Serpula lacrymans that digests the parts of the wood which give it strength.
money was collected from students at the university of Surrey. it was submerged in agar - a substance that allows bacteria to grow quickly. currency was then monitored for three to four days. students found thousands of bacteria colonies living on their coins. most common type of bacteria found on coins was bacillus mycoides. it's common in soil, so it's likely someone was gardening before handling cash.
'how could you be so heartless? you still have a family; you have taken mine from me,' said the 54-year-old.'my guilt and remorse will be with me forever. I ask for your forgiveness, and I pray for your healing,' he said. he told investigators he was trying to kill himself in 2013 when he drove his pickup truck across an Interstate 89 median and smashed into an SUV carrying 24-year-old Amanda Murphy, who was
no one in Britain lives as much as 70 miles from the sea. our coastline of 10,800 miles is longer than India’s. many people in the u.s., Russia or China never see the sea in their lives.
a couple from Texas who celebrated their wedding in 2012 claim their photographer wrote hurtful racial slurs on the bottom of photo booth snapshots. the couple hired attorney Cathy Hale to sue James Evans the owner of Premiere Photos for allegedly providing a photo booth that printed, 'Poor N***** Party' on the bottom of the pictures. the couple wasn't alerted of the photos until many months after the wedding when the bride's sister told the family about the racist incident
plain-clothes police are attempting to reduce theft in central london. gangs of up to six follow wealthy shoppers before stealing their cash. in one example, metropolitan police stopped two Chilean women wearing burkas.
self-styled 'angry Leftie revolutionary and magician' made remark. he mocked the pm over his disabled son, who died aged six in 2009. 24-year-old is a big fan of the comedian and regularly tweets him.
the network handed Williams a six-month suspension in February after he acknowledged he had lied about being on board a helicopter that came under fire while reporting from Iraq in 2003. but according to a report in Vanity Fair, Williams started exaggerating his stories because he felt insecure following Brokaw, whom he succeeded at Nightly News in 2004. 'i always felt he needed to jack up his stories because he was trying so hard to overcome his insecurities,'
at 177 calories, a Creme egg will take 19 minutes of skipping to burn off. a large Lindt bunny containing 540 calories will take an hour of rowing. a 90g packet of mini eggs contains 444 calories.
sperm bank is moving from its offices in new york to a research park in florida. it supplies sperm online to all 50 u.s. states and 80 countries across the world. new site is yards from the university of central florida, which has an undergraduate intake of 52,000 each year, roughly 23,000 of whom are male.
Zaur Dadaev is accused of being involved in the shooting of the politician. he is one of five Chechan men accused of killing the opposition leader. but he now says he was beaten and pressured into confessing.
the bust was spearheaded by one male narcotics officer, who posed as a high school senior between august 2014 and march 2015. on top of the six arrests, an amount of cocaine, marijuana and prescription drugs Xanax and Tramadol was also seized in the bust. the two schools hit in this operation were Pearland High School and Dawson High School.
labour leader uses speech to say he will 'abolish' 200-year-old rule for non-doms. claims they make Britain an 'offshore tax haven for a few' and can 'no longer be justified' but in January he said: 'if you abolished the whole status then probably it ends up costing Britain money'
the two-year-old tabby has been missing for almost a week. he escaped from his crate at john f. kennedy international airport. his crate was tied down to a metal pallet and cracked open.
Nasa has selected a variety of companies to work on projects to create advanced space technologies, including faster methods of propulsion. other projects to be worked on include improved habitats for humans, and small satellites to explore deep space. one of the companies in the 12 Next Space Technologies for Exploration Partnerships (NextStep) says they have an engine that could get humans to Mars in a matter of weeks, not months. it is being developed by the Ad Astra Rocket company in Texas.
the film has also established a new high-water mark for the month of. April, blowing past the $95 million debut of Captain. America:. The Winter Soldier. it also ranks. ninth among the top ten openings in history.
idea of having another referendum on Scotland's future was ranked 19th on list of 23 policies presented to voters. it comes after Nicola Sturgeon refused to rule out staging a second independence vote if the SNP wins the 2016 Holyrood elections.
corrie has reportedly just overturned a ban on its cast offering their dulcet tones to radio advertising campaigns. actress Katy Cavanagh has been the voice behind many ad campaigns including Whitbread, Lancome, iPlayer Restart and Nestle Kit Kats. rumours of a near-mutiny among its actors have led bosses to revise the ban.
bear was hunting salmon in the Brooks River, which runs through the Katmai national park, in southern Alaska. he was unable to take advantage of his good fortune, letting the juicy fish slip away, even after it hit him on the nose.
misao Okawa was surrounded by her family and staff at her nursing home in Osaka, western Japan, as she died on April 1. born on march 5, 1898, the great-grandmother had lived through two world wars, the invention of the television and the first successful powered aeroplane flight by the Wright brothers.
it has been reported that Katie still checks Kieran's phone and tells her whenever she is going out following his cheating scandal last year. it was also claimed that she no longer allows him to go to the gym as she fears that his obsession with his looks could feed into his sex addiction.
Zhou Qunfei, 45, was born into extreme poverty in a village in rural china. she would send her salary home to her father, who was blinded in an accident. but he encouraged her to study hard to get ahead, and she left home as a teenager to work in a glass-processing factory in shenzhen. she handed in her resignation after three months, only for her bosses to promote her to a newly-created department.
205 seals were legally killed in scotland last year by farmers, fishermen and angling firms. some cubs are left to fend for themselves when their mothers are shot dead. campaigners insist there are more humane methods of protecting fish.
the 53-year-old kept the lights up after christmas ahead of autism week. he didn't take them down in January as he wanted to switch them on again in April. neighbours branded him a 'pikey' and branded him a 'disgruntled citizen'
Deputy prime minister is trailing labour by 2% in his formally rock-solid lib dem constituency, Sheffield Hallam. he won his seat in 2010 by a huge margin – scooping up more than 50 per cent of the vote. today he insisted: 'we are going to win Sheffield hallam. we are confident but not complacent'
Colombian-born Manuela Arbelaez's mind was clearly somewhere else when she removed the wrong price tag during Thursday's show. the model and host Drew Carey both gasped after she revealed the true price of the Hyundai Sonata SE before Andrea had finished guessing. after the blunder she broke down in tears and 'wanted to go in a wormhole and disappear'
teenager died after falling from cliff and plunging into the sea in northumberland. he was plucked from the water by the crew of an RAF rescue helicopter. police have said they are not treating his death as suspicious.
the Mail's exclusive story about safari park visitors' cars being protected from monkeys with bubble wrap was, sadly, made up. Jeremy Clarkson renounced petrol-loving ways after a 'dark night of the soul' and decided to devote his post-Top Gear life to campaigning against carbon emissions. the £5 note is set to be redesigned with Simon cowell's face on it after a public poll to find the most popular celebrities.
the plan was revealed in an email sent out to YouTube Partners. it will offer consumers the choice to pay for an 'ads-free' version of YouTube for a monthly fee. the additional monetization option requires partners to agree to updated terms on YouTube's Creator Studio dashboard, which notes that the changes will go into effect on June 15, 2015.
the emails show the very active role that Cylvia Hayes, Kitzhaber's longtime companion, played in his scandalous administration. she routinely attended meetings, was copied on emails among senior staff and requested information or clerical assistance from state employees. kitzhaber, a Democrat, resigned in February, saying the influence-peddling allegations surrounding Hayes had become too much of a distraction.
the disappearance of 13-year-old Marion Carole Rees did not appear suspicious. the teenager probably ran away with the intention of permanently cutting ties with family and friends, a coronial inquest has found. she may still want to avoid detection and not wish to make contact with her family.
prize porker, known as Pigwig, had fallen into pool in Ringwood, Hampshire. his owners had been taking him for a walk when he was unable to get out. two fire crews and a specialist animal rescue team had to use slide boards and strops to haul the pig from the pool.
10-man saints beat blackburn 1-1 in extra time at St Mary's. Sam Gallagher scored a wonder-strike to win the trophy for the club. but the game was settled shortly before the break in extra time.
becca and Dale Litchfield decided to sacrifice their dream wedding to have one last shot at IVF. they were heartbroken when they discovered their savings would only be enough to cover the cost of a wedding or fertility treatment. but weeks later they won a wedding contest which allowed them to finally get married.
president's spokesman refused to give reporters an update on the status of the meetings or scheduling, saying he would leave those announcements to negotiators. but he confirmed that 'the sense that we have is yes, that the talks continue to be productive and that progress is being made'. speculation was swirling on Wednesday afternoon that representatives from the six countries, including the u.s., participating in the Switzerland-based discussions with Iran were on the verge of making a deal.
the couple have submitted plans to their council for a 12-seater home cinema. industry experts say home cinemas are now an 'expected' luxury in £10million homes. a cinema room can cost anything from a few thousand to £100,000 to kit out.
millie Elia, an eighth-grade student from oak mountain, Alabama, died following the accident at Mount Cheaha State park around 4.40pm on Saturday. she had been rappelling on Pulpit Rockpark with her family and a friend when she fell.
prince of wales was visiting the Rheged Centre in penrith, cumbria. he was inspecting a photo exhibition entitled herdwick: a portrait of a lakeland. prince bent down to coo over 16-month-old Noah Ginesi but didn't pick him up.
a total of 215,462 licences exist in new south wales compared to 177,675 in 2010. Tamworth, 403km north of Sydney, revealed to have most number of licences. Bathurst, 200km west of Sydney, a close second at 3075.
media personality, 53, has released a cook book of her favourite recipes.'my love affair with food' features over 40 recipes and personal photos. Hutton bucks 'diet/health cookbook' trend in favour of wholesome food.
twitter has officially rolled out its ‘retweet with comment’ feature. tool lets users embed tweets within their own messages. this means wordsmiths get an extra 116 characters to comment on a tweet. feature is available on twitter’s website and the iphone app. it will also roll out to android handsets soon.
teacher asked pupils to make changes to their SATs exam answers. this was despite the exam session finishing, a conduct panel heard. the 31-year-old also altered a number of the pupil's exam answers himself. school officials were tipped off after the suspected breach of exam rules. investigation led to the department for education annulling results.
the 'cuddle chair' looks like a backpack and fastens to the back of the headrest to allow passengers to lean forward and rest their face and chest on the contraption. the head cushion will have a 'face relief aperture,' which is essentially a face-front pillow with a hole for breathing. the chest cushion supports the passenger's chest in a natural, forward-leaning motion, which will helpfully aid the traveller in a few precious minutes of shut-
30 per cent of teachers said they had been subject of parents' abusive posts. bullying by parents accounts for 40 per cent of all reported online insults. survey by teachers’ union NASUWT reveals disturbing picture of how parents are increasingly using facebook and twitter to intimidate staff.
beatrice nokes, 21, faces claims she incited a ring of prostitutes in central london. the university college student is suspected of grooming three young women. she is accused of running the vice ring with 37-year-old police officer Daniel Williams. he is accused of committing the crimes while on and off-duty.
in southern germany, hundreds braved the snow for a traditional Easter Monday procession on horseback. in male Trakany, 550 miles from Traustein, men in the community celebrated by throwing buckets of water at women. a similar age-old tradition takes place in Hungary, where after being sprinkled with water, the women give the men beautifully coloured eggs.
Natalie Fletcher's '100 Bodies Across America' project sees painted individuals blended into the likes of tourist hotspots, forests and ruins. each work takes between 45 minutes and three hours to complete, with her subjects wearing only underwear whilst being painted.
Claudetteia Love, 17, said last week that she and her friends would not go to Carroll high school's prom in Monroe, Louisiana, because principal Patrick Taylor had told her she had to wear a dress. her comments sparked an outpouring of support from across the country - from her classmates, to gay rights groups and strangers. now, principal Taylor and Monroe City School Board President Rodney McFarland - who had backed Claudetteia - have reportedly
the company expects the new 'Artisan Grilled Chicken' to be in its more than 14,300 U.S. stores by the end of next week. the biggest change is the removal of sodium phosphates, which it said was used to keep the chicken moist, in favor of vegetable starch. the new recipe also does not use maltodextrin, which McDonald's said is generally used as a sugar to increase browning or as a carrier for seasoning.
'strong indications of life beyond Earth in the next decade and definitive evidence in the next 10 to 20 years,' said Ellen Stofan, chief scientist for Nasa. announcement prompted by recent discovery of water by Nasa in surprising places.
labour leader vowed to end casual employment contracts that 'undermine living standards and family life' but his crackdown, intended to regain political initiative, backfired spectacularly. made stinging attack on firms that use 'exploitative' contracts.
Rudy Guede, 29, is serving a 16-year sentence for the murder in perugia, italy. his DNA was found all over the bedroom where Meredith Kercher was found half-naked with her throat slit in 2007. prosecutors claimed the murder was a sex game gone wrong.
James Robarge, 45, of Saxtons River, Vermont was sentenced in court on Friday morning for second-degree murder in the death of his wife, 42-year-old Kelly. her badly decomposed body, with her hands and head detached, was found 10 days later in Unity. the judge said he took into account the extent to which Robarge went to conceal his wife's killing and body, as well as the couple's history of domestic violence. he has served nearly two years behind bars
research has revealed that the frequency with which Britons are having sex has been in decline since the emergence of the internet. comes after a typical heterosexual couple was now having sex three times a month. this was compared to four times a month in 2000 and five times in 1990.
the man rescued from a disabled sailboat off the north carolina coast released a three-paragraph statement on monday. he said he stayed inside the cabin to keep dry and avoid sun, wind, waves and sea spray during his ordeal. 'Every time I went outside, I exposed myself to getting my clothes drenched,' he said.
police arrested 12 protesters when they tried to block trucks heading to the peak of Mauna Kea where one of the world's largest telescopes is being built. while the Native Hawaiian groups do not oppose the Thirty Meter Telescope itself, they disagree with the location of the construction. about 300 people took part in the demonstration and those who were arrested were released after they each posted a $250 bail.
woman, 26, claims she was sunbathing on a private beach in Playa del Carmen. friends say she was arrested when she refused to pay a fine of about £70. the beach, located in the tourist area of Quintana Roo, is popular with tourists.
lingerie model and animal rights activist, 30, has been documenting her changing pregnancy body on Instagram. critics claim her incredibly trim and toned physique could harm her unborn child. but she hasn't let it stop her from flaunting her figure with a new snap.
police believe they are on the verge of solving a brutal cold case murder that occurred 35 years ago. this after she and a friend had taken a ride home from a stranger after finishing the day at atkins high school in rural hall, north carolina. three days later, her partially clothed body was discovered in a heavily wooded area almost 20 miles away from the bowling alley parking lot where she had hitched a ride. she had been violently assaulted and then stab
Rurik Jutting, 30, is accused of the murders of two young Indonesian women. his case has been adjourned for five weeks after the prosecution asked for more time. he returned to magistrates' court after being deemed fit to stand trial.
58-year-old Diane McLean and her three children lost 'everything but their lives' when their four-bedroom apartment went up in flames last week. a GoFundMe account has raised more than $87,000 for the family. 19 people were injured, some of them critically, and dozens were left homeless.
the 31-year-old flight attendant has undergone 30 body-changing operations, including four rhinoplasties, liposuction and six-pack implants. after doctors in the uk started turning him away, he began jet setting to other countries for cosmetic surgery. he even approached Botched doctors Dr Terry Dubrow and Dr Paul Nassif about getting back implants on last season's show.
all 36 units at the redlands house sheltered accommodation have been given the colourful treatment which has been labelled an 'eyesore' by local residents. one pensioner, 76, said residents think the property looks'more like a children's playscheme than sheltered accommodation' the council defended the colour scheme, claiming it will help residents with poor eyesight find their way home.
Jordan Sim-Mutch posted pictures of stolen money and drugs on social networking site. career criminal claimed he worked in'midnight removals' in his online profile. he was part of an armed gang responsible for 29 robberies and burglaries.
Memories pizza in small town of Walkerton, indiana, has closed its doors. owner Kevin O'Connor said he received abusive phone calls and was trolled online. a contributor from the Blaze set up a fundraising page on goFundMe. goal was to help 'the family stave off the burdensome cost of having the media parked out front, activists tearing them down, and no customers coming in' the news comes a week after the religious freedom restoration act was passed,
ambra Battilana, 22, told police Weinstein asked her for a kiss and then groped her during a 'business meeting' at his tribeca office in Manhattan on friday night. the next day she snapped a picture of her matinee ticket to a preview showing of Finding Neverland and posted it on her Instagram. a movie industry source said Weinstein gave Battilana two $227 sixth-row-center-seat tickets during their meeting and told her he would
American Eagle Flight 2536 was scheduled to fly about 125 miles from Dallas-Fort Worth International Airport to Wichita Falls, Texas, on Sunday night. the plane left nearly a half-hour late, and when it got to Wichita Falls, the pilot told passengers that the runway lights were turned off and there was nobody at the airport to turn them on. officials first said that the pilot had the wrong radio frequency to turn on the lights on the main, 13,000-foot runway.
on Saturday the spacecraft had dipped to within nine miles (14km) of comet 67P. it was taking a closer look at the jets that are being ejected from its surface. but during the manoeuvre, Rosetta lost sense of where it was due to the amount of dust and gas. it was placed into ‘safe mode’, causing it to momentarily lose contact with Earth. ‘Not the best month to choose to go dry...’ Rosetta project scientist Dr Matt Taylor
17-year-old was on day release from mental health unit when she died. she was a 'perfectionist' who had battled anorexia and depression, inquest heard. injected herself with antibiotics after saying she felt like a 'failure' she collapsed in a field and her family called 999. paramedics fought to save her and took her to hospital.
party chiefs scrambled to shore up support for Ed Miliband after revelations. dozens of labour councils and MPs employ staff on the controversial contracts. parliament’s expenses watchdog rejected claims by labour MPs that they employ staff on zero hours only because they are forced by the Westminster system.
the big brother winner, 33, from Brighton, won a dream £100,000 in 2006. but the troubled star says he squandered his prize cash on animal tranquiliser ketamine. nine years on the tourette's sufferer says his condition has calmed down.
corinne Gump, 10, and her grandparents, 61-year-old Judy and 63-year-old bill, both deaf, were killed in a massive house fire in the early hours of monday. investigators say they have found no evidence that the origin of the blaze was suspicious but that they continue to investigate and his trial has been postponed. investigators have found no evidence that the origin of the blaze was suspicious but that they continue to investigate and his trial has been postponed
three-day programme packed with informative seminars for budding authors. experienced authors will reveal how they launched their publishing careers. some bestselling Kindle Direct Publishing authors will talk about their experiences.
researchers based at different institutions in Tokyo, noted that rats flatten their ears, narrow their eyes and puff up their cheeks when they are in pain. they wanted to find out whether the rodents do this as a reflex reaction, or to communicate their discomfort to others. they found that rats can read pain on other animal’s faces and use the information to make decisions.
prison officer Thomas Jordan Driver, 25, David Elliot Moran, 47, and former employee Charles Thomas Newcomb, 42, each face one state count of conspiracy to commit murder. the men believed the prisoner was infected with HIV and hepatitis and he bit one of them during a fight, officials said. the supposed hit man was an FBI criminal informant who recorded those scenes and others over the past year.
'hell no, he demanded $30,' a family friend tells the daily mail exclusively. 'he told her nobody cares what he has to say and told him to take it or leave it because that's it - not a penny more'.
wesley E. brown III, 35, was awaiting sentencing after pleading guilty to being a felon in possession of a firearm. he was awaiting sentencing after pleading guilty to being a felon in possession of a firearm. wesley Chepulis, 26, helped him escape from Devils Lake prison, north Dakota, on march 13. the pair managed to get 1,700 miles from prison before being captured in north Bend, oregon.
average worker will sit through 6,239 meetings in their career, a survey has found. of 2000 surveyed, 70% said they constantly zone out while in meetings. one in five workers confessed to messing up due to zoning out. more than a quarter said they had made more than ten massive mistakes.
James Paul Harris, 30, originally was charged with first-degree murder in the 2011 garroting death of 49-year-old James Gerety. but pleaded no contest in December to involuntary manslaughter. victim's brother, Tom Gerety, called the justice system 'a joke' after learning how long Harris would serve.
employees working in the regions where the watch is being launched - including the US, UK, Australia, Canada, China, France, Germany, Hong Kong and Japan - will be eligible for a 50% discount. notably, the discount doesn't apply to the expensive Edition model, which starts at $10,000 in the us and £8,000 in the uk. this means US employees will only pay $174.50 and $274 respectively, while in the UK the price drops to £149.50 and £239.50 respectively.
the arty fad is said to have started in France, where it was promoted as both a therapeutic hobby and a way of rediscovering lost creativity. experts say it's a kickback against the stresses of modern life and technology, where everything has to be useful or aspirational.
four-year-old Hudea was pictured in refugee camp on the border with turkey. she, her mother and three siblings have been living in the camp since 2012. but two weeks ago, they decided to move towards the city of Idlib. it is now under the control of al-Qaeda affiliate al-Nusra. the group has promised to bring in Sharia law in the city.
the 60-year-old is facing charges over the funding of his failed 2012 bid to retain the presidency of the country. he is alleged to have got the UMP party to pay off his personal fine approaching £500,000 for over-spending. under french electoral law, Sarkozy should have paid the fine himself from his own funds.
actor is fighting for better treatment for those with rare diseases. his grandson Todd, who is about to celebrate his first birthday, has the rare condition Tuberous Sclerosis Complex.
the camel may have been left in the town of Tulln for trading after the siege of Vienna in 1683. genetic analysis of the beast show it was a Bactrian-dromedary hybrid – a breed popular in the Ottoman army at the time.
a federal judge in San Francisco ruled that denying sex reassignment surgery to 51-year-old Michelle-Lael Norsworthy violates her constitutional rights. the ruling says it would be the second time nationwide that such a surgery has been performed on an inmate. norsworthy has lived as a woman since the 1990s and has what Tigar termed severe gender dysphoria.
don McLean's original manuscript and notes to 'American Pie' have been sold at auction for $1.2million. the 16 pages include the original working manuscript and typed drafts of the song, including tantalizing new details about the famous anthem. it has long been known that the song about 'the day the music died' refers to the death of late-50s rock n' roll icon Buddy Holly and fellow singers Ritchie Valens and J.P. 'Big Bopper' Richard
researchers from Texas A&M School of Public Health found that hospitalizations from car crashes dropped 7 percent between 2003 and 20010 in the 45 states with texting bans. the research report could 'not prove' that a texting ban is what caused the critcal injury drop, though they said it was a likely cause. the greatest benefit was seen in states where texting bans are strictly enforced and where an officer can stop a car on suspicion the driver breaking the law.
the mystery man, who may be suffering from amnesia, does not know how he came to lose his memory or be in the UK. all that he could remember was that he was from the poznan area of Poland and has a daughter called Lenka. he may or may not have come from Denmark within the past few days.
panda'stud' Lu Lu set new record for the year at the Sichuan Giant Panda Research Centre. he mated with female partner Zhen Zhen for seven minutes and 45 seconds. a video of their sexual antics means that'stud' Lu is now the talk of china.
as David Cameron tried to answer a question, Victoria Prosser, 33, stood up and heckled him about homeless people who had served in the armed forces. she was later removed from the studio. the mother told reporters afterwards that she challenged Mr Cameron because she wanted people to question 'the 1% at the top' who she claimed were not working in the country's interests.
a new book has claimed that Hillary Clinton imposed secrecy on her movements during the height of the Monica lewinsky scandal. she would spend three and a half hours sitting on her own reading looking 'heartbroken' by the pool. usher Worthington white was approached by her and told him she wanted to go to the pool but that only he could see her - no other aides and no Secret Service.
six-part documentary aimed to show what life was like in the town of harpurhey. it was criticised by those who starred in it as intentionally painting them in a negative light. mother-of-two has refused to pay two initial £60 fines and subsequent £120 fines. she and her husband could face three months in jail or fines of £1,000 each.
more than two-thirds (69%) of people taking antidepressants did not meet the criteria for major depressive disorder. antidepressants are also prescribed for other psychiatric disorders. but 38 per cent of those taking the drugs did not meet the criteria for obsessive compulsive disorder, panic disorder, social phobia or generalised anxiety disorder.
the Rev. Robert H. Schuller died early Thursday at a care facility in Artesia, California at the age of 88. in 2013, he was diagnosed with a tumor in his esophagus that had spread to his lymph nodes and began treatment. the soaring, glass-paned crystal cathedral — the touchstone of Schuller's storied ministry — was sold to the roman Catholic Diocese of Orange in 2011.
mother-of-three Danielle Davis refused a termination when a scan revealed a brain cyst. but when she was born, she was told she had the rare disorder Anophthalmia. condition means 'lack of eyes' and Daisy will never be able to see. but some children with the disease have prosthetic eyes fitted for cosmetic reasons.
experts believe 'wild woman' named Zana roamed the remote Caucusus mountains. she appeared to be 'half human, half ape' and had 'all the characteristics of a wild animal' she was captured by a merchant who hired hunters to hunt her down. she was eventually tamed by a nobleman on his estate in abkhazia.
news reporters and advertisers have long enjoyed coming up with cunning hoaxes. this April 1 has seen products and advertisers outdo themselves. here we bring you the best and most unlikely stories from around the web.
a young boy was befriended by a brown bear at a zoo in north america. the bear sits partially submerged in the water and sits calmly next to the boy. he puts his hands up against the glass and the bear moves towards him. the bear then appears to try and bite the youngster through the glass.
the multi-bAFTA-winning actress wants to build a 550ft-long seawall. but natural England has recommended the planning application be refused. it is citing concerns it may result in the 'direct loss' of natural habitat.
Amy Johnson, 38, allegedly assaulted a 16-year-old worker at the fast food chain. she allegedly grabbed the teenager by the neck and scratched her face. the mother-of-two is now facing two assault charges.
justus howell, 17, was shot twice in the back by police in zion, illinois. police say he had just stolen a gun from an 18-year-old who was trying to sell it to him. howell tried to snatch the weapon, which was fired into the ground. he then allegedly pointed it at another teenager, according to police chief. autopsy revealed he was hit by two bullets, both from behind.
restaurant owner Sandy Dee Hall, 34, and his girlfriend maxine Cher, 24, adopted the lamb after he was abandoned by his mother. but now city officials are demanding that he be sent back to live on the farm. 'we're officially adopting him which means he will never end up on a dinner plate,' said maxine.
the collection was amassed by George III and has been under lock and key for 200 years. it includes a 200-year-old book of poetry gifted to the monarch in 1812. also included were letters from Rear-Admiral Sir Samuel Hood during the battle of Chesapeake bay.
four-poster oak wood bed was dumped in hotel car park and sold for £2,200. it was left in the car park of the former redland house hotel in Chester. oblivious to its true value and historical significance, builders dismantled it. it was snapped up for £2,200 in 2010 by a four-poster bed specialist from northumberland who spotted the item on the internet. but he was shocked when his new 'Victorian' purchase arrived
police went to a home on march 26 in balch spring, texas, to do a wellness check. residents told police that a two-year-old child had died and a 'rising ceremony' was performed. the child's parents took the body to Mexico the following day. five children under the age of ten, both boys and girls, were also living at the home and had been taken away by child protection services.
a new infographic from made.com shows scientifically proven tactics you can use to change the layout of your bedroom. sleep experts recommend you arrange your room symmetrically, install heavy curtains and keep pets out. you should also dim your light three hours before bedtime and stop using gadgets and hour before you hit the sack.
comedian Ben Elton took a swipe at myleene Klass over her criticism of Ed Miliband's mansion tax plans. he told a 1,000-strong crowd the popstar had made her money'showering in a bikini' and should be 'proud to make a contribution' he also lashed out at the glitzy black and white fundraising ball.
Swedish firm says new version uses far less energy than pork and beef. it's created from a secret recipe of chickpeas, peas, carrots, peppers, corn, kale and seasoning.
forms saying 'u r a gr8 company 2 work 4' and 'btw am out of work atm' fail to string a normal sentence together. admiral voiced fears in evidence to the Welsh Assembly's enterprise and business committee.
schoolchildren exposed to 'propaganda' from Brussels to 'catch them young' party campaign chief accuses lib dems of performing another 'u-turn' on immigration policy.
the 21-year-old clambered into the wheel housing of the Garuda Indonesia flight. he was 'looking for work' when the plane stopped at the end of the runway. ground staff stared in amazement as he crawled out of the wheel housing. his immediate whereabouts were unknown this morning.
Leia, an eight-month-old Boxer from Pennsylvania, was filmed as she lay on the couch and latched on to a baby's pacifier. footage shows her then sucking on it before closing her eyes and loudly snoring in her sleep.
a giant hammerhead shark swims in the shallows off Destin, florida. two oblivious swimmers bask in the crystal clear water just feet away. the shark's chase leads it too close to them for comfort. only three of the 11 known species of hammerhead are believed to be hostile.
Simona Trasca, 34, joked her latest boob job was so cheap her surgeon could not have paid tax on it. plastic surgeon Marek Valcu claimed her comments were defamatory and sued her.
neighbour's leylandii hedge stands 40ft high and has left parts of her garden in deep shade. despite a 35-year battle to get the trees cut down, the council has ruled they can stay. it is the final defeat in a battle that involved two generations of Audrey Alexander's family. it kicked off in 1980 when the owner planted a vegetable patch which withered and died in the shade of the hedge.
Natalie Whitear, 35, suffers from prosopagnosia, also known as face blindness. mother-of-two can't recognise her husband or children when picking them up. the condition is so severe that she can't spot her own reflection.
elephants will be taken to the Ringling Brothers Elephant Conservation Center in an undisclosed, 200-acre area of Polk County in central Florida. some elephants will live out their post-performance lives in the center, while others will be used for breeding. the population of animal has decreased to between 25,000 and 32,000 from it's 100,000 population over the last century. much of the population decline has been caused by poaching and habitat destruction.
the law, brought in by Indiana governor Mike Pence, was supposed to satisfy evangelicals but has sparked boycotts of the state. the law was supposed to satisfy evangelicals but has sparked boycotts of the state. a number of companies — including Salesforce, EMC and Cloudera — have already withdrawn their sponsorships for indy big data.
Jo Gilchrist, 27, was left writhing in pain on Valentine's day when a staph infection invaded her body and attacked her spine. she has been in Brisbane's princess anne hospital ever since and doctors are still desperately trying to rid her body of the bacteria. when she woke she learned she had contracted community-associated staph - an antibiotic-resistant form of golden staph.
the 68-year-old Pulaski County resident, who was known as Terrill Wayne Newman until Tuesday, doesn't expect to be elected but hopes the gesture will 'warm Galbraith's grave' his predecessor, who died in 2012 from chronic emphysema, gained a following for his wit, sharp dress sense and support of legalizing marijuana.
the 48-year-old faces up to 15 years in prison after pleading guilty to tax evasion and financial structuring offenses. between 2006 and 2010, Zelepos diverted just over $567,000 from Mystic Pizza's gross receipts into his personal bank accounts and those of family members. he then filed false tax returns to hide the income. he's agreed to pay $234,407 in restitution over the tax returns along with interest and penalties.
the 15-passenger van was carrying 12 people from south Carolina toward Atlanta when it went off Interstate 85 near the town of Commerce about 7 am Monday. the van's driver 'apparently fell asleep and allowed the vehicle to leave the roadway, at which time the vehicle struck a tree on the passenger side,' state patrol said. the occupants of the van, from Atlanta-based band Khaotika and the Huntsville, Alabama-based band Wormreich, were traveling together and pulling a trailer with
the complex was built for the North American Aerospace Command (NORAD) to direct the response to a nuclear war with the USSR during the Cold War. the complex was shut down nearly ten years ago as the threat from Russia seemed to subside. it is now home to the most advanced tracking and communications equipment in the u.s. military.
seven of the world's most endangered crocodiles flew out of Melbourne on en route to their native country. the 40 centimetre-long Philippine crocs travelled in custom-designed boxes specially built by Melbourne Zoo. the arrival of these one year olds to the Palawan Wildlife Rescue & Conservation Centre in southern Philippines is part of a major conservation effort. there are only about 250 Philippine crocodiles left in the wild, making them the most endangered crocodile
images show clean-up crews entering rubbish-strewn buildings where the lonely victims spent their final days. luckily, police officers will have already removed the often badly decomposed bodies before the cleaning teams arrive. but the majority of the houses are still packed with signs of a once active life - including unwashed dinner plates and unopened letters.
genetic analysis has shown that hunter gatherers living in Spain up to 8,500 years ago still had dark skin. it was not until 7,800 years ago, when the first farmers migrated from the Near East through Turkey, that two key genes that provide lighter skin appeared. around 5,800 years ago the second gene, which makes skin colour lighter still, also began to spread through the European population.
three men, two women and four children detained at checkpoint in Ogulpinar. youngest of the four children is two and the eldest is 11. jihadists caught as they tried to slip across border to stronghold.
roads around the city were flooded in the intense downpour, with one town recording more than two inches of rain in half an hour. a lightning strike caused a traffic signal on the Eads bridge linking Missouri and Illinois to malfunction. storms in southwestern Indiana toppled trees and downed power lines.
asma Fahmi was walking to her car with her family when they were attacked. the 34-year-old was with her sister and ill mother when they were attacked. the men pelted hard boiled eggs at them from a balcony. it was the second time that asma has been attacked in Sydney in four years.
camoji is one of the first apps to take advantage of facebook's decision to open up Messenger. allows people to add Instagram style filters to their images before sharing them. users simply tap on the shutter icon to record an animated gif that is up to 2 seconds long.
the 33-year-old and husband Henry Hager already have a daughter, Mila, who turns two later this month. 'this is the biggest roller coaster ride there is, having children,' she said.
cabinet secretary ordered inquiry into claims a leaked memo shows sNP leader Nicola Sturgeon wants David Cameron to win the election. row follows allegation she told french ambassador she would prefer a victory – partly because labour leader Ed Miliband is not ‘PM material’.
a reading on the 'fright' decibels of the rollercoaster at Flambards will be recorded over the Easter period. developer David Martin has applied for outline planning permission for up to 480 houses and access road on a series of fields. a row develops over a new housing estate that could bring in 1,000 new residents.
47% of women aged over 55 expressed disappointment over their career choices. but only 40% of men admitted to feeling the same way. more than a quarter wished they had thrown caution to the wind and taken more risks in their careers.
the planetary society analysed the feasibility and cost of a crewed mission to orbit the Martian moon Phobos in 2033. it concluded such a plan could fit within NASA's human space exploration budget - but that politics is holding the decision back. the Phobos orbital mission would last approximately 30 months, with nine months of travel each way and 12 months in orbit.
the 44-year-old walked through the airport in los angeles using a cane. she was accompanied by her husband, retired astronaut mark Kelly, and a young woman who carried several bags. the couple were seen jetting out of los angeles on thursday ahead of the Easter weekend.
'any scheme that gives some students an unfair advantage is unacceptable,' says state education minister. eight Scot's students gained 'direct entry' to the university after completing the program in 2014, according to a letter sent to parents by principal. 166 students completed the HSC. the program was devised by the university's commercial arm, Sydney Learning.
Terry Martin, 48, shot his girlfriend Laurice Hampton, 48, after she asked for half of his winnings. but Hampton, critically injured from a gunshot wound to her chest, was able to call 911 about 6:30am Saturday to report the shootings before she died. responding officers found the couple inside their master bedroom at their home on beaty street in Fort Worth, where Martin was pronounced dead from a gunshot wound to the head. Hampton was taken by ambulance to John Peter Smith Hospital but died a few hours
the 1976 film starred bowie as an alien who lands on Earth in search of water for his parched planet and falls in love with alcohol and television. he has written new songs and arranged older music for the stage version, titled Lazarus, later this year. the show will be spearheaded by Dutch Ivo van Hove, who used Bowie's music in one of his own productions last year.
Domenico Rancadore was given a seven-year sentence in 1999 for being a member of the cosa nostra. in february he lost his year-and-a-half battle against extradition and was told he must return to Italy to serve his sentence. today it emerged that the 65-year-old's case expired last October and his European Arrest Warrant is to be withdrawn.
'no expert has become an expert by only drinking their favourite wine,' says dr Alex Russell. the main skill wine experts have believes Russell, is an ability to put a name to the odour or scent.
the group of six descended on the promenade of the spanish resort on march 29. they each wear suits from the waist up and tight booty shorts and stilettos. they earned cheers, clapping and even policemen waved and laughed.
Memories Pizza in Walkerton, indiana, faced criticism this week after co-owner Crystal O'Connor expressed support for a new religious objections law. despite 'keeping a low profile' crystal and her father were forced to close the doors because the phones kept ringing all day and all night. 'we plan to re-open soon we just don't know when,' said crystal.
15-year-old went for a walk near her home in Santa Monica on march 24. she became angry and left her home to calm down but never returned. her mother has made an urgent appeal for help as the teenager has gone missing without her cellphone or medication.
dispute began when 74-year-old businessman decided to restore hedge. 180-yard hedge marks the boundary between his home and college's land. but he claims he has been forced to take the college to court.
the new 'Skywalk' observation deck has opened to the public in Yunyang County, southwest china. the cantilevered platform has a 720 degree view from a vantage point that stands nearly 4,000 feet above sea level. its viewing area protrudes nearly 90ft from the cliff face at the Longgang scenic area.
epiphany Morgan and Carl Mason produced 365 documentaries in 365 days. they visited 35 countries and 70 cities as part of their project 365 Docobites. with a strict budget of $40 a day, the couple set off to their first destination- the us- and landed in new york. the couple began their filming journey in new york and visited 70 cities.
Amanda Beringer asked her brother Brad Fraser to make a toast at her wedding. it was also a tribute to their father, who died of motor neuron disease 10 years ago. despite his disease he never lost his love of life and his sense of fun.
militants reveal plans to open a school of nursing in ISIS' de facto capital Raqqa. applicants must be 25 years of age, willing to work anywhere inside territory. they must also be fluent in english - something the NHS has yet to implement.
new executive order will allow the Treasury to freeze or block assets of those involved in attacks on 'critical' american computer networks. follows a series of high profile incidents, including a devastating attack against Sony Pictures and data breaches that stole credit card or health data.
yoko ono led tributes to first wife of the famous singer. she said she was'very saddened' by the news. added she was 'proud' how they'stood firm in the Beatles family'.
12-year-old bluey has a growl which is louder than most cats can miaow. she has reached a maximum of 93 decibels - more than the world record holder. despite her fearsome sound, she is said to be gentle and loving.
history postgraduate Laura Sumner was fined £23.50 for alleged visa violation. the 24-year-old was ordered to leave the country within ten days. but reports have branded her 'agent sumner' and linked her to a revolutionary plot.
8,000 women in their 70s are diagnosed and treated for breast cancer. more than half of the 12,000 women who die from breast cancer every year are over 70.
one in eight haven't vacuumed at all this year so far. a fifth never polish or dust their home and a quarter have never cleaned their windows before. more than a quarter only do housework if they absolutely have to.
the district attorney's office told the judge Wednesday that their forensic experts couldn't determine if six crime scene bullets — which were the crux of the evidence against Hinton at an expected retrial — came from a gun investigators took from his home. Hinton was convicted of two 1985 murders that occurred during robberies of fast-food restaurants near Birmingham.
while making the case that higher temperatures lead to increases in wildfires, the president recalled his own child's run-in with the disease as a toddler. 'Well you know, Malia had asthma when she was four, and because we had good health insurance, we were able to knock it out early,' the president told ABC News’ chief health correspondent, Dr. Richard Besser, in an interview that aired on Good Morning America. 'the fright you feel is terrible,'
former white house florist retold the story in a new book based on interviews with more than 100 members of the presidential mansion's domestic staff. 'the pigs are here,' she told a secret service agent as he took the Clintons' only child to school. 'well, that’s what my mother and father call you,' she said.
detlef Guenzel, 57, sentenced to eight years and six months in prison. he cut the body of Wojciech Stempniewicz into small pieces while listening to pop music. buried them in the garden of his home in hartmannsdorf-reichenau.
the Yarnell Hill fire killed 19 firefighters in 2013, the worst disaster of its kind since 1933. new revelations now claim the only survivor, lookout Brendan McDonough, heard the crew's supervisor order the crew to leave a safe zone. but first, Paladini claims he heard an argument between crew chief Eric Marsh and his top deputy over the dangerous move. he says Marsh ordered it, while his deputy warned against it.
money will go to Citizens Advice to fund organisation's work. firm broke billing rules by imposing exit fees and overcharging customers. regulator ofgem said the penalty reflected firm's'repeated failings'
the 12-tonne bus broke down on its way to the Stagecoach depot in dover. around seven members of the public and bus company workers pushed it to safety. the group managed to roll the huge bus through the streets and onto the depot.
42% of those polled said they supported shale gas extraction, while 35% disagreed with using controversial technique. only 24% of people said they supported fracking in a department of energy and climate change public attitudes survey published in February.
at its peak in 1950, the NDRF consisted of nearly 2,280 ships moored across the united states. but as the need for the fleet has diminished, so has the number of vessels. today, just over 120 ships remain, posing a risk to the environment in the bays where they are moored.
six foot-long albino northern pine snake was found curled up on radiator. teenager thought her mother was playing a prank when she spotted it. she stared at the reptile for a few minutes until it moved and called 999.
the couple have jetted off on what was thought to be a make or break holiday. at the weekend Swedish model Martina Olsson claimed that she had slept with Zayn while he was holidaying in Thailand. the 24-year-old said: 'it is not the first time either, so maybe she will walk away'
barrick gold reached out-of-court settlement when the women threatened to file a lawsuit in the us. one of the women was just a 14-year-old girl attending school in the northern Enga province when she was raped in 2010. she and her classmates had made string bags for police officers who had been moved into the area to increase security around the company’s porgera gold mine. armed police officers offered to pay her for her bags and offered to take her to an ATM to draw out the
all of the behavioural traits below are danger signs. offer six clues to spot the dysfunctional people most likely to break your heart.
April 2 is Autism Awareness Day and autism assistance dogs are a little known but hugely beneficial form of 'animal therapy' pups are used to keep a child with autism safe and are an incredible tool to help them develop social skills and positive relationships. each child is unique meaning matching the right dog to their needs and their family is crucial.
fossils belong to species known as Pterichthyoides milleri - or 'Pessie' as it has been christened. creatures roamed Earth's freshwater lakes during the Paleozoic Era, between 542 million and 251 million years ago. the creatures were some of the earliest known vertebrates to possess jaws, though they had grinding plates rather than teeth.
the 1-year-old bully breed mix was hit by a car, clubbed in the head and left for dead in a ditch in Moses lake, washington. days later, the dog showed up sickly and covered in dirt at a nearby farm. she is recovering with the help of good Samaritans and veterinarians at the university of washington.
research led by the university of Montana has found that eating fast food after a workout may be just as beneficial as dietary supplements. researchers found that during recovery periods between periods of exercise, it didn’t matter what food was eaten. performance remained the same after resting for several hours. levels of glycogen - used by muscles as ‘fuel’ - were actually slightly higher after fast food was eaten as a recovery food.
the patent was filed by the California-based firm in march 2011. it details a method of scanning a user's face using the front-facing camera each time the phone is moved into a certain position. if the scanned face matches a previously taken photo, the phone unlocks automatically. patent explains that current methods of unlocking a device are 'inconvenient and time consuming'
the pope is presiding over a Good Friday torchlight procession at the colosseum this evening. among those chosen to take turns carrying the cross were faithful from Iraq, Syria, Nigeria, Egypt and China.
experts say the new 6.2 mile-stretch means the full range of the Qin Dynasty Great Wall can be traced for the first time. the ruins range along the inner coast of the yellow river in Gansu province and the Ningxia region.
a small piece of glass was discovered in a Beech-Nut-Nutrition baby food jar by a consumer- and now, the company is recalling 1,920 pounds of the product. the type of baby food being recalled is 'Stage 2 Beech-Nut CLASSICS sweet potato & chicken,' which is sold in 4-ounce glass jars. jars with the product numbers '12395750815' and ending at '12395750821' are
a beanie has been found west of the Devil's Cove and Candlebark campsite in lake eildon national park. police are unsure when the beanie was dropped as the search for the missing boy continues. the 11-year-old, who is autistic, was last seen on the national park at 9.30am on good friday.
the children's mother, 35, was interviewed by police as part of the ongoing investigation into the deaths of three children. one-year-old Bol and four-year-old twins madit and anger all died after the 4WD they were in plunged into the water. the heartbroken father of the siblings who died has spoken out to defend the children's mother saying she is innocent as she is a 'good mother' this comes as the family of the young girl who survived the tragic crash revealed the five-
a 23-year-old former private school boy was jailed on march 27 for raping an 18-year-old virgin in an alleyway outside his father's SOHO nightclub. he boasted to the victim he could introduce her to the DJ at the club before ushered her into an alleyway. the victim's impact statement read out at court on her behalf said she will never be the same following the brutal attack. lazarus hired a liquor licensing specialist law firm
labour leader prompted claims he was worried about upsetting his party's 'union paymasters' in a special election edition, the magazine carries tributes from nearly every major party leader to people who work for themselves. but while David Cameron, Nick Clegg, Nigel Farage and Nicola Sturgeon all feature, there is no message from Mr Miliband. instead, the magazine has pointedly published a blank page where his contribution would have been – with a sharp rebuke
volunteer police officer Danny Eckhart is accused of drunkenly stealing a patrol boat and taking it for a joy ride. he crashed it into pilings outside the T-Rivers bar in Madisonville. he faces charges of unauthorized use of a vehicle and operating a vehicle while intoxicated.
despite being engaged for the fourth time, the 56-year-old still has an active profile on the site where he met his bride-to-be. he has already fathered 40 children by 20 different women. alcoholic benefits claimant is said to have cost taxpayers £4.3million in benefits and other costs because of his huge family.
the Typhoon is 49ft (15 metres) long from tip to tip and the material is 'no more than the thickness of a match stick' this helps its ‘fly by wire’ computer system to accurately control the aircraft, designed to be unstable but hugely agile. it can take off in less than 8 seconds, achieve supersonic speeds in under 30 seconds and reach altitudes of 36,000 feet Mach 1.6 in under two and a half minutes.
children who ate a diet higher in saturated fats and cholesterol had slower reaction times and a poorer working memory. children who ate the fatty diet performed worse when they were given a task-switching game to complete. the game was designed to test cognitive flexibility, which is our ability to shift attention, select information and alter our response strategy to fit the changing demands of a task.
teaching assistant died after trying to climb through an upstairs window. the 25-year-old scaled a fence to try to get into his flat in cottingham, Hull. he fractured his skull and suffered a bleed on the brain and a blood clot in fall. he was placed in a medically induced coma but died five days later. his parents have paid tribute to their 'lovely lad' who had a 'natural talent'
owners in Huddersfield, west Yorkshire, began to experience problems last autumn. neighbours have also reported issues with drains, streetlights, cracks in front doors, gaps between interior doors and architrave.
the son-in-law of disgraced politician sheldon silver was indicted on two charges unrelated to the separate investigation into his famous power-broker relative. he is accused of lying to investors about stock losses and pocketing most of the money entrusted to him for trading. the 37-year-old is married to silver's daughter, Michelle. despite being a co-owner of their mutual fund, Trebitsch is a certified public accountant who 'kept the books
the test was set for 14-year-olds in the Singapore and Asian Schools math Olympiad. it was aimed at testing the logical reasoning skills of 14-year-olds. but people across the world were left completely baffled.
the app is currently in development and will be trialled at a store in Wandsworth later this year. as customers scan their household items, a live pricing tool will show their list with current store prices. these prices will update automatically if an item goes on sale, or becomes part of a multi-buy deal for example. for additional items that the shopper doesn't have at home, they can use the app to scan barcodes while in the store.
officer Aaron Stringer, of the Bakersfield, California, police department, 'tickled' the feet of a 22-year-old man whom officers had recently killed. a trainee officer who was with him at the time told how Stringer pulled on the corpse's toes and pulled his head back and forth. he 'loves playing with dead bodies' and told her to lie about what she'd seen.
leza Davies, 33, thought breast feeding had left her chest saggy. the mother-of-three thought implants would boost her confidence. but in 2012 she knocked her breast on a door frame because of its size. she found a pea-sized lump, which hospital tests revealed was cancerous. she began six months of chemotherapy, radiotherapy and surgery. she is now in remission and says implants saved her life.
Iona Costello, 51, and daughter Emily were recognized by front desk manager. they were found at 3am by NYPD officers and are in good health. it comes after more details emerged of the colorful background of the mother's late husband's family, who were in dispute with her over the contents of his will.
Amy Wilkinson, 28, claimed housing benefit and council tax benefit. but she was living in a home owned by her mother and her partner. she was ordered to pay back a total of £17,604 that she claimed over two years. she admitted two charges of dishonestly making false representations.
chinese engineering graduate spent six months researching and building the suit. finished product is two metres high, weighs just 4kg and comes with helmet, gloves and backpack. but Cheng said he was too 'chubby' to fit into it and had to ask his nephew to model it for him.
the 53-year-old spent the Easter weekend with friends and family in barbados. she has previously holidayed in the area with the 54-year-old broadcaster. the pair, who have two daughters and a son, are said to have lived apart.
two black candidates were among three people elected to the Ferguson city council. half of the six-member city council will now be african-American. this just over a month after a justice department report detailed a culture of racism and abuse in the city.
wallaby shocked onlookers as he 'punched' a wombat while grazing. the wombat had no idea what he was in for as he approached the wallaby. wallabies typically use their strong hind legs to deliver a powerful kick.
22-year-old has had £55,000 of cosmetic surgery to look like reality star. he believes culprits tracked him down using his facebook posts. yobs hurled six eggs at him before speeding off - leaving yolk and shell. barton has spent £20,000 on treatment for his teeth, £5,000 on botox.
more than a dozen hot-air balloons took to the skies in the town of Canowindra in the central west region of NSW. hundreds gathered on Sunday morning to mark the tragic death of the bride-to-be. forensic specialists are expected to carry out a post-mortem on the body on Monday.
the phone belonged to Bella Crooke from Melbourne. it was handed in to albury police station on the NSW-victoria border. officers on duty realised the phone was unlocked and used it to post selfies and photos on the woman's facebook page.
leading critic of tory right-to-buy scheme is a labour party member. she owns a £1million house in Islington, which has rocketed to £1million. but she has not revealed how comfortable her own house is.
mother-to-be, whose name is Injaz, was cloned from the ovarian cells of a slaughtered camel in 2009 and born from a surrogate mother. she was six years old this week and is said to have conceived naturally.
photographer dustin Wong, 31, abandoned his job as an engineer to travel the world with only his camera for company. inspired by ancient Hawaiian beliefs in the sacredness of the landscape, he has journeyed from the Arctic Circle to australia. he started taking photographs 15 years ago before taking it up full time last year.
research by doctors from the university of oxford overturned medical consensus. Until now doctors have assumed babies' brains are not developed enough to feel pain. but new findings suggest babies' pain thresholds are even lower than adults.
Lori Smith filmed her pooch Boomer being repeatedly hit as she lay with her head resting on the ledge of her electronic dog door. with the door jammed, it is seen constantly moving up and down hitting her skull each time. 'She just sits here all day and doesn't even care,' Smith is heard saying as she watches the scene play out.
a study of 2.3 million parents has pinpointed 7.35am as the most hectic, frenzied time of the morning for australian families. 'it’s crazy, in the mornings there is a million and one things to do - uniforms to be found, spelling tests to get done,' says Sophie Falkiner. breakfast is the top priority for parents with an average of 140 hours spent making breakfast each year.
campaigners want lawmakers to look into misuse of public funds. when the project first began it was promised it would be paid for in its entirety through private funds. £60 million of public money has been pledged by Boris Johnson and George Osborne.
a third of parents polled say they sing lullabies to soothe babies to sleep. there must be an angel came second, followed by vanilla Ice's Ice Ice Baby. more current hits from Pitbull, Ed Sheeran and Sam Smith also made the cut.
the self-styled Mirreyes (my kings) are increasingly exposing the amount of wealth concentrated into a relatively small number of hands. they are often the sons and daughters of government officials, wealthy businessman and other members of Mexican high society.
the duke and duchess of cambridge's second child could be the first royal to be born outside the capital for 85 years. although St Mary's Hospital in west London is the first choice of venue for the delivery, hospitals in Reading and Norfolk are on standby.
the ‘screw’ measures an inch (2cm) long and was collected by a ufo and paranormal research team called the Kosmopoisk Group. they claim that the stone is between 300 and 320 million years old and after X-raying it, believe there is another hidden ‘screw’ inside the stone. but more conventional scientists have not got a look at the object, so have had to base their speculation on grainy pictures posted online. the screw-like shape
Nathan Sellers went on the show with his ex, Lia Palmquist, and accused her of sleeping with the Wu-Tang Clan during one night. that would mean she had sex with the RZA, the GZA, Ghostface Killah, Masta Killa, U-God, Inspectah Deck, Raekwon, Cappadonna and Method Man. the tenth member of the Wu, Ol' Dirty Bastard, is dead so he wasn
just nine of the 50 students interviewed said that the former secretary of state would make a good chief executive. 'just because she's a woman doesn't mean she should be president,' said freshman Cameron Poole. 'just because she's a woman doesn't mean she should be president,' Benton said.
the 25-year-old man was born at the Luton and Dunstable hospital in 1989. he was readmitted three months later suffering a serious brain haemorrhage. staff at the hospital failed to administer a vitamin K injection shortly after. the booster is given to newborn babies to reduce their risk of blood clots.
the 71-year-old was arrested in new orleans last month on the eve of the finale of a six-part HBO documentary called 'the Jinx' he was charged in the death of a longtime friend in 2000.
crowd-funding website, GoFundMe, shut down a fund set up for officer Michael Slager on wednesday. 'the campaign set up for Officer Slager was removed due to a violation of GoFundMe's terms & conditions' but refused to elaborate due to privacy concerns. a separate fundraising campaign was started on site, Indiegogo, titled the 'Michael T. Slager Support Fund' and featured a picture of Slager in his police
the 58-year-old actress, who took a leave of absence from 'fish in the dark' earlier this month, shared the news through a statement published by people magazine on Tuesday. she explained that her first test for cancer came back negative but that she was correctly diagnosed after seeking a second opinion. the mother-of-two explained that she recently underwent a breast biopsy, but no sign of cancer was discovered until she sought the opinion of a second doctor on the advice of a friend.
the adapted seat by SII Deutschland is one-and-a-half times the width of a standard seat. aims to improve aircrew procedure and passenger safety.
social media fraudsters are trying to cash in on the sudden public profile of the woman who stood up for a Muslim couple being abused on a train. a bizarre fake fundraising page has been set up requesting donations for the 23-year-old. she stood up to a middle-aged woman who was abusing Brisbane couple Hafeez and Khalida Bhatti on the airport line on Wednesday. her recording of the fiery incident went viral after being published by daily mail australia on tues
the incident happened after a meeting between Afghan provincial leaders and a U.S. Embassy official in the compound of the provincial governor in Jalalabad. all U.S. Embassy staff were accounted for and returned safely to their mission, the embassy said. it was the second fatality suffered by NATO since the beginning of the year.
Ramon C. Estrada, 62, was set to be paroled in less than three weeks when he died on Sunday. he was scheduled to have dialysis Friday at the prison's treatment center, but a technician did not show up on Friday or Saturday. six other inmates had been waiting for dialysis treatment and were taken to a hospital for evaluation. four of them were treated, and one of the four remained hospitalized Tuesday afternoon.
John T. Booker Jr, 20, was detained in Manhattan, Kansas, on friday morning. he was charged with multiple terror offenses, including attempting to use a weapon of mass destruction. he is said to have targeted nearby Fort Riley and planned to use a 1,000lb car bomb to blow himself up and kill 'people with power'
a secret service agent led reporters on two high-speed chases to the homes of influential democrats on her first day in new hampshire. her lone official appearance on her first day was a carefully stage-managed small-business roundtable in Keene. but a lunchtime visit to a main-street bakery and two more appointments later in the day were off-the-books and under the public's radar. if police radar had been engaged, it would have clocked
four care home assistants jailed for calling dementia residents 'fugly' judge said he had to deal with his own'revulsion' to find a 'just, proportionate sentence' women told one woman she was going to be killed and another she was living in brothel. all four abused residents until a whistleblower reported them to bosses.
the actor-director's possessions will be sold at auction house bonhams. items range from the tunnels of the great escape to the dinosaurs of Jurassic park and Gandhi's vast crowd scenes.
the final Discworld novel written by Sir Terry Pratchett will be released later this year, his publishers have said. it will be called The Shepherd's Crown and feature witch Tiffany Aching, who has featured in four of his books to date. the fictional world of Discworld will go on sale in September.
the intrepid social media giants were sent by Europcar to explore and snap nearly 650 miles in three days. their stunning findings have been seen by a combined following of over one million users. the campaign team involved five Danes and three Scots who set out in march to capture some of the area's prized landscapes.
horse attempted to jump a black Peugeot 206 car with glass still in windscreen. one animal can be seen crashing head first into turf, dismounting rider. jump could have seen it suffer deep wounds or even fatal broken legs.
dove grey suit was once worn by notorious Nazi commander Hermann Goering. sweat stains on the suit linked it to the overweight commander. it is now expected to fetch £85,000 when it goes under the hammer in Plymouth.
13-year-old abdelkrim Elmezayen was pulled dead from the water at the scene. his 13-year-old brother, identified as abdelkrim, was pulled from the water at the scene shortly after 6pm on tuesday. the family of four had been driving out of a parking lot when the vehicle veered off the edge of the harbor.
last weekend, i posted a picture of myself on twitter with the caption ‘Just met Nicola Sturgeon lookalike out canvassing!’. i was called ugly, vile, ‘someone who deserves to die’, and one wit even ‘hoped I would catch malaria’. all pollsters agree that the SNP is destined to win the vast majority of the seats (up to 50) North of the Border in the General Election.
two 21-year-olds and a 25 and 22-year-old collapsed on the vessel on Good friday. they were rushed to St Vincent's hospital but are now stable. one man is suspected of taking up to four ecstasy pills in one hit. police allege an officer was assaulted as people left the vessel.
autistic boy Luke Shambrook, 11, went missing from the candlebark campground in the Fraser national park north-east of Melbourne on friday. he was found just before midday AEST on tuesday in thick bushland off Skyline Road, Eildon, 3km from the campsite. a police helicopter captured the dramatic moment rescuers reached him on the fifth day of an increasingly desperate search. he is suffering from dehydration and hypothermia but has been reunite
comfortably Numb is a new device that eases the pain of an injection. it produces a rapid chemical reaction to cool the patient's skin within 60 seconds. currently a prototype has produced a numbing effect in just 60 seconds.
the 1824 oil painting – Beaching A Boat, Brighton – was looted by the Nazis from its Jewish owner during the Second world war. the 1946 document bears the signature of a dealer called Karola Fabri and seeks permission for the transfer of artworks from Budapest to Zurich. the discovery of the permit in the archives of Budapest’s Museum of Fine Arts is the latest twist in an increasingly fraught dispute between the Tate and the descendants of the painting’s original owner, Baron Feren
hazardous material was discovered last month as crews prepared to replace the mayoral mansion's leaky roof. officials do not believe the work poses any health risk to Mayor bill de Blasio and his family, who will remain in the home during the renovation. the replacement of the mansion 30-year-old roof, which is being done by Nicholson and Galloway, should cost an additional $3.4 million.
after months of grey skies and miserable weather, the sun is out. if you are looking to celebrate the wonderfully balmy weather by taking a dip, there are lots of places to try. Lidos, which are seeing a resurgence as more money is ploughed into renovation and redecoration, are a good first port of call.
interpreter, 26, was shot in the leg near his home in eastern afghanistan. his son, two-year-old Muhammad, also suffered injuries in the attack. he said it is one of several attempts to kill or kidnap him by the government. he worked with elite units including the SAS, royal marines and parachute regiment.
medical experts watched the 23rd outing for the hero and concluded he would have been unlikely to survive to the end of the two hour film. within the first seven minutes, he is hit by a depleted uranium shell - an armour-piercing round normally used to destroy tanks. he would have been killed as it 'would have turned his lungs inside out and killed him'.
couple appeared not to mind being in full view during steamy encounter. they enjoyed the steamy encounter in broad daylight at the three bridges playing fields in Crawley, west Sussex, as temperatures reached 25C in some parts of the country.
the Kazakhstani ministry of defence has chosen 123 of its prettiest female soldiers and posted their photos online. the pictures show the women in three set poses – in military uniform, with weapons and in civilian clothing. they have already been viewed more than 30,000 times and the clear favourite at the moment is Sergeant Aigerim Karakuchukova.
clare van Santen was diagnosed when she was 15 weeks pregnant with her fifth child, now aged nine, with breast cancer. she underwent a specific chemotherapy regime which had been found to have no negative impact on unborn children. after having a mastectomy, her son was born happy and most importantly, healthy. ten years on, the single mum-of-five has been told her cancer is now terminal. her biggest concern going forward is for her children, whose ages range from 20 to nine years old,
born on January 25 and almost three months old, the quadruplet male cubs were let out into their glass cages for the first time at the Tobu Zoo in Saitama prefecture, on the outskirts of Tokyo. curiosity soon got the better of the cubs, who began playing around the water area. one accidentally fell into the play pool. Noticing that he was in trouble, his brothers ran to the rescue. it took two kitties at least three attempts to finally
mother-of-three Michelle Schwab, 38, charged with child endangerment. she allegedly dangled her son over the 10-foot-deep enclosure at zoo. witnesses say animals appeared to ignore the boy, who was treated for a leg injury. she is assistant director at a childcare center in Columbus, ohio.
the first ever mid-air refuelling of an unmanned aircraft was today successfully achieved by the Navy's X-47B drone. the salty dog 502 vehicle is one of two unmanned carrier air vehicle demonstrators (UCAS-D) on the X-47B program. it plugged its in-flight refuelling (IFR) probe into the hose of an Omega Air KC-707 tanker off the coast of Maryland.
John Foran's wife was preparing a chicken tikka biryani stir-fry. he found the splinter-covered shard in the £2 ready meal. he immediately contacted Iceland who are carrying out a thorough investigation.
pastor husband, a self-proclaimed prophet, has been charged with murder. his wife, 41-year-old, was found face-down in a bath by hotel staff. autopsy showed she died of 'opiate heroin overdose', court hears. her brother says it is 'an outrageous lie' to say family are addicted to drugs.
the school tweeted out a statement saying the ‘decision to cancel not consistent w/high value @Umich places on freedom of expression’. the movie was originally set to be shown during a student mixer Friday, but the university decided to cancel the screening over student complaints. 'therefore, the university also will show an alternative movie, “Paddington,” in another location on campus at that same time and date to provide our students with additional options that evening,' the statement read.
the online search giant donated more than $1.6 million to Obama's two presidential campaigns, and the company parachuted top talent into both. there have been allegations that Google's up-close-and-personal relationship with the west Wing earned it a reprieve from what would have been an earth-shaking federal trade commission antitrust lawsuit. the company has insisted it never received special treatment in that case.
police say they repeatedly told J.B. Silverthorn of Orchard Park, new york, to not drive home from grand island town court on Monday night. they noticed he'smelled of alcohol' and was 'intoxicated' but the suspect reportedly proceeded to get in his car and pull out of the parking lot before being stopped by deputies. silverthorn was charged with felony DUI, meaning he could serve a minimum of one year in jail.
a 12-person jury found Aaron Hernandez guilty of murdering Odin Lloyd, who was dating the sister of Hernandez's fianceé at the time. on tuesday, he was sentenced to life in prison without the possibility of parole. he was taken to the 700-inmate facility that will serve as a stark contrast to his former home - a $1.3million mansion.
patrons called police after discovering no workers at the Dunkin' Donuts on Arundel Mills Boulevard in Hanover. an officer checked the business and found a severely injured woman in the kitchen area. the woman, 21-year-old Palak Bhadreskumar Patel of Hanover, died at the scene. police said the investigation revealed that Patel's husband, 24-year-old Bhadreshkumar Chetanbhai Patel, hit her multiple times with an object
australian woman Evita Nicole Sarmonikas died while undergoing plastic surgery in mexicali, the capital city of the Mexican state of Baja California. the 52-year-old was given a tummy tuck by plastic surgeon, and began complaining of shortness of breath just five hours after her operation. she was in so much pain she could not move. the clinic tried to convince her boyfriend to have her body cremated before an official autopsy could be carried out following her death in march this year
a 3D printing company has created a prosthetic leg for a goose. the limb was designed in the shape and size of a goose leg to fit him perfectly. it is composed of several parts and replacement pieces which comprise his new leg. it is believed to be the first 3D-printed prosthetic leg for an animal in south africa.
the 'Very Blokey Joke Book' by Jake Harris was displayed in the high street brand's menswear department. it contains a quip about a man watching his wife being beaten up by friends. twitter users branded the joke 'horrific' and'staggeringly offensive'
many of the female characters have taken leading roles on the show. Emilia Clarke, who plays daenerys Targaryen, believes it has great female characters. scheming queen Cersei Lannister clings to power in King's Landing.
Christine Bleakley, 36, has been in a relationship with fiance, footballer, for five years. she says building a bond with his children has been a careful, 'well-thought-out' process. but she admits it has been a slow and carefully thought-out process. 'they know I'm their little mate. I don't want to be their mummy,' she says.
the 58-year-old actress tweeted: 'i am overwhelmed with gratitude by your prayers and good wishes and the kindness you're sending. Thank you' on Tuesday, she shared the news of her disease through a statement published by people magazine.
an 18-month-old baby and three girls - aged three, six and eight - were trapped on a sandbank at Blackpool beach while out walking during the school break. onlookers perched on nearby pier did nothing to help - instead, they took out their smartphones to record the drama.
darius, who measures over four feet long and weighs in at three and a half stone, is officially the world's biggest rabbit. but his giant son, Jeff, who already measures 3ft 8in, is set to challenge for the title. it costs his owner, Annette Edwards, £5,000 a year to feed her giant bunnies.
a concerned mother took a photo of her child's lunch consisting of a dull looking fish fillet, a whole wheat bun, and corn and then posted it to social media this week. Virginia’s Portsmouth Public Schools say that their lunches are in compliance with Michelle Obama's federal lunch rules. the lunch options included spicy Cajun fish with brown rice, a cold cut turkey sandwich, a chef's salad, fresh orange or canned fruit, and 1 per cent skim milk.
german detectives are 'closely monitoring developments' in the £60m heist. they are keen to find out whether any DNA was recovered from the scene of the Easter weekend raid. in a similar case, thieves targeted 294 security vaults during a break-in at the Volksbank in Steglitz, Berlin, in 2013.
Amit Yadav, 20, was driving up to 25 miles over the speed limit when he lost control and smashed into an oncoming Renault Cleo. his two passengers - brothers Haider, 20, and Taimur Kayani, 17, were killed in the collision on Lodge Avenue, dagenham. none of the passengers in the Civic were wearing seatbelts at the time of the collision, according to crash scene investigators.
'poison pen' letter sent to 'baby spamming' mother jade Ruthven, 33. she claims she is 'p*****g a lot of people off' about her baby daughter. she forwards it onto comedian Em Rusciano - who shares it worldwide.
71-year-old journalist gao Yu 'illegally provided state secrets to foreigners' she leaked 2013 directive by ruling Communist party named 'Document number 9' to a Hong Kong media outlet. document warns of 'dangers' of multiparty democracy, independent media and criticism of the party's historical record.
Laurent Stefanini, 55, was in January asked to represent their country at the Holy See. but the appointment was met 'with a stony silence' by the Vatican, according to french media. he worked as number two to the french ambassador at the Vatican between 2001 and 2005.
classic steam engines took to the tracks of the North Yorkshire Moors railway today, hauling passengers between Pickering and Whitby. train enthusiasts will be able to make the most of the beautiful moors scenery on board seven preserved engines from the golden age of steam and pistons.
queen margaret of Denmark celebrated her 75th birthday at amalienborg palace. she was joined on the balcony by her sons, crown prince Frederik, 46, and prince Joachim, 45. the royals welcomed royals from all corners of the world to Fredensborg for a gala banquet followed by a magnificent fireworks display.
the former Illinois governor has returned to his roots while inside. he has been photographed with his still full head of hair a shocking white color rather than the boot polish black that was his trademark as a politician. he was impeached and removed from office in early 2009 following his arrest on federal corruption charges.
nuku vanonyi cudjoe-calvocoressi, 41, was head of politics at ascot school. he was travelling on a train when he pulled up his shorts and exposed himself to a 33-year-old female passenger. he has now been banned from teaching for at least five years.
patients at Wolfson Children's Hospital are able to remotely play with animals at the Jacksonville Humane Society shelter. the system uses high-definition cameras and interactive toys. children can control three different cat toys at the shelter with the push of a button, and then watch on the tv in their room as the animals react and play with them.
so far, purchased names include Youtube.sucks, Bing.sucks, Visa.sucks, Bankofamerica.sucks, Yahoo.sucks, Telusmobility.sucks and other major brand names. so far, purchased names include YouTube.sucks, Bing.sucks, Visa.sucks, Bankofamerica.sucks, Bankofamerica.sucks, Bankofamerica.sucks, Yahoo.sucks, Telusmobility
protest letters were delivered to members of Spain's royal language academy. they are hoping to use it to raise awareness of discrimination against gypsies. the reference to a swindler ('trapacero') was introduced late last year.
the FBI has cleared the Tulsa county sheriff's department in the fatal shooting of an unarmed black man by a volunteer deputy earlier this month. reserve deputy Robert Bates, 73, says he mistook his handgun for a taser and accidentally shot Eric Harris. he has been charged with second-degree manslaughter in the April 2 death and faces four years in prison if convicted.
paleontologists have found bite marks on the fossilised skull of a juvenile Daspletosaurus, which lived around 75 million years ago. some of the injuries appear to have been sustained during combat with other tyrannosaurs, others appear to have occurred after death. scientists believe another Daspletosaurus, which could grow to nine metres (30ft) as adults and weigh up to four tons, fed on the youngster's body.
len Barnes, 57, from stockton, suffered bouts of diarrhoea and lost his appetite. despite numerous courses of antibiotics, he was showing no signs of improvement. specialists suggested a faecal transplant and his daughter stepped in. stools were tested to ensure they were suitable and free from harmful bacteria. the solution was then transplanted into his gut via an endoscope.
'why would I communicate something that wasn't true for me?' he said. 'i've been so happy with my experience in the last 40 years...that I really don't have anything to say that would shed light on (a documentary) so decidedly negative,' he said. 'why would I even approach a negative perspective? that would be a crime to me, personally, to do that,' he said.
a pair of masked men have robbed three banks in the Pittsburgh area so far this year, most recently on April 10. surveillance footage shows one masked robber holding his finger along the barrel of his gun, just off of the trigger, a safety method used by law enforcement. the men, both 5'8''-5'9'', are described as white, 5'8'' to 5'9'', of medium and larger build and in excellent physical condition.
thousands of accounts vanishing from social network last week. most claiming to be linked to extremists terrorising vast swathes. now, twitter confirms cull was prompted because they were being used by tech-savvy jihadis to issue threats of violence.
Laurel Humes, a college friend of Rachelle Friedman's, offered to carry the child for her and her husband. 'the baby could come any minute now so we've got a bag ready, and the nursery is almost all done. it's amazing,' she said. the baby will be born near Laurel's home in Asheville, north Carolina, four hours from the Chapmans.
a report on the threat posed by foreign fighters has blamed the Abbott government's troubled relations with the Muslim community. the report says the large number of australians fighting in Syria and Iraq represents a'serious national security threat' but the risk of an attack on home soil could be mitigated by the right policy response. the report comes just a day after the news of the death of Melbourne model-turned-jihadist sharky Jama. the department of foreign affairs was unable to confirm
a Savannah baby and a baby in Atlanta has been awarded $1,529 for college expenses as part of a state sweepstake draw before even turning 10-hours-old. Levi Jarrett Millspaugh was born at 2:38 a.m. Wednesday, making him this year’s first Tax Day baby at Memorial University Medical Center. the donation, made by Path2College 529 Plan, is given to the first child born each year on Tax Day at Memorial.
Jeffrey Walker told jurors that the Philadelphia Police Department drug squad targeted 'white college-boy,... khaki-pants types' who were 'easy to intimidate' that matches the description of some of the drug dealers who have testified in recent weeks in the federal police corruption trial. the witnesses have said the squad stole as much as $80,000 at a time during illegal raids marked by threats and physical violence.
mindfulness-based cognitive therapy (MBCT) has similar recurrence rates as anti-depressants. over two years, relapse rates were 44 per cent in the MBCT group. this compared to 47 per cent in the medication group. this suggests it offers an 'alternative treatment' for those averse to taking drugs.
a guard at the U.S. Census Bureau was shot and critically wounded outside its headquarters in Suitland, Maryland, just before 8pm. authorities locked down the campus amid reports that the shooter had barricaded himself inside after ramming the front gates. but the shooter had instead taken some three dozen police officers on a wild chase back into D.C. that ended when officers shot him on a busy Northeast Washington street. now police believe the suspect, only described as a man in his 30
a man in a 'distinctive' cartoon mask robbed a dairy in east Christchurch. he demanded cash from the dairy owner's 30-year-old daughter. police are appealing to the public to help identify the man.
one in four of this cohort had sympathy with those who join ISIS. eight per cent agreed they had 'a lot of sympathy' for the likes of Jihadi John. one-third of all Muslims felt they are viewed with suspicion by non-muslims.
the records include certificates showing what training he received, job evaluation reports and weapons training and qualification records dating to 2008. although there are time gaps in the documents provided, some of the records seem to indicate Bates was proficient in firearms and dozens of other training courses. 'for the first time today, we feel like someone's starting to look at the other side of this as far as his qualifications,' an attorney for Bates said.
the hop theory 'beer-bag' contains hops, fruit peels and natural spices. it promises to turn light beer into craft beer after just two minutes of steeping. project has been criticised by professional breweries as misleading.
neo-nazi Kenneth Morgan Stancil III, 20, is awaiting extradition from florida to north carolina, where he is accused of fatally shooting 44-year-old Ron Lane. in a prison interview, he said Lane tried to take advantage of Stancil's 16-year-old brother. 'he ain't physically touched him, but he was in the proposal to try to and I wasn't going to let that happen,' Stan
the 26-year-old slalomed in and out of poles filled to the brim with coloured, biodegradable powder, which erupted upon contact. the talented skier teamed up with the red bull media house and starelation to create the unusual stunt. 'it was a surreal experience – simply amazing!' said the 26-year-old.
the producer, 63, has emphatically denied sexually assaulting ambra Battilana, 22, during a 'business meeting' at his tribeca office last friday. but police overheard a phone call between Battilana and Weinstein, in which she confronted him and he said: 'it won't happen again' the news comes as Weinstein's 38-year-old wife of eight years, Georgina Chapman, was pictured for the first time
Lexy Wood, 13, disrupted a screening of Cinderella in Bessemer, Alabama. she and her step-sister were said to have been 'rude and obnoxious' the mother, who was watching the film with her daughter, told her that her husband had just been laid off and the teenagers had ruined the last time she would be taking her daughter to the movies for a while. she reached out on social media to find the woman and apologize to her and pay for her next trip
Damon Muller has almost doubled in size due to swelling and bloating since he was diagnosed with Juvenile Dermatomyositis (JDM) in November. the 11-year-old can't go out in the sun without breaking into a severe rash and his throat can swell so much it almost closes over. the disease has robbed Damon, from Gladstone in central Queensland, of the ability to run, ride his bike and play outside freely in the sun.
Warren Rodwell was kidnapped from his home in the Philippines in 2011. he was held against his will in a foreign jungle for 472 days. he feared his al-Qaeda linked captors would behead him. he was released in march 2013 after his family managed to raise a ransom. under australian law, survivors and families of overseas attacks can claim up to $75,000 in compensation.
'it's strange to think that there is a place where Lincoln still physically exists in the world, let alone that it's a place like this,' writes historian Adam Goodheart. the hours and days the Lincoln tomb is open have been reduced, and it's staffed with fewer employees since state lawmakers last year cut $1.1 million funding for sites in the Springfield area. on Tuesday — the 150th anniversary of John Wilkes Booth's shooting of Lincoln, although the president was pronounced dead the following
anjelica 'AJ' Hadsell, 18, has been missing since march 2. she was on a break from longwood university in farmville, virginia. her body was found outside a residence in Franklin on tuesday morning. it has been sent to the chief medical examiner's office for identification.
political editor announced he would be taking weeks off for treatment. but he expressed hopes he would be fit again in time to cover 'the election proper' his voice sounded weak and strained after surgery to stop cancer spreading. he tweeted: 'good to be back on air. Don't worry about the voice. it doesn't hurt'
al Qaeda-linked networks have altered their communication methods. extremist websites have released encryption programmes for followers. this makes it harder for extremists to be tracked down.
lacey Spears of Scottsville, Kentucky, was spared the maximum 25 years to life and instead received 20. the boy's father, Chris Hill, was not emotionless however and wrote of his wife's sentence; 'please put her in general population! Thats all im asking for! Because she wont make it'
girls as young as ten dragged away by their hair and raped by jihadists. they were snatched from their families and taken to a warehouse in Mosul. she and six others were then taken to a house in a nearby village. they met a fellow Yazidi girl who had been incarcerated there for two months. the girl told them she had been beaten, handcuffed and raped. their captors warned they would
spores of grilled fungi and bolete fungi found in the red lady's teeth. remains discovered in an elaborate grave in the cave in cantabria, spain. they shed new light on the prehistoric woman who was buried 18,700 years ago.
Xiao Zhengti, now five, was born with a congenital liver disease. he needed his first major surgery at just nine months old. mother Yang Haiying donated a portion of her liver to try and save him. but his body rejected the organ, leading to years of trips to hospital. father Xiao Kunqing was allowed to donate 40 per cent of his liver.
there were 72 unprovoked shark attacks around the world last year. three people were killed in australia and south africa. only a minority of sharks are any danger to humans.
a man has been forced to resign from his role as a women's officer. he was voted into the job at the Tasmanian university union with a clear majority over a female candidate more than three weeks ago. the reaction to a male being offered the job caused huge opposition. the university's student union has introduced a requirement that candidates sign a statutory declaration confirming they identify as female.
alfie, 12, underwent a general anaesthetic for an MRI scan last month. owner Lynne Edwards noticed a lump behind his ear and realised something was wrong when he started refusing food and found puss oozing from his back. she took him to a local vet, where staff clipped his fur and exposed the severe burns. vets then discovered a pad used to keep him warm got too hot after it was heated in a microwave.
balaclava-clad protesters armed with iron bars on ropes attacked huntsman. victim, 40, condemned decision by police as 'pathetic'.
capybara JoeJoe lives in Las Vegas with his owner Cody Kennedy. the rodent sits perfectly still in a shallow bath while three ducklings stand on its head and body. one falls from his head and hits him in the eye before splashing into the water.
at 1,000 square feet, the Hobbit themed guest house is built into a hill on a 20-acre property in the north-west corner of the state. the tiny home has custom-made wooden furniture, a stove and barbecue for cooking and cosy rooms with round doors. guests can watch television or select a title from the home’s collection of books about hobbits, or simply relax while escaping the grind of everyday life.
2500 passengers stranded on cruise ship, the Carnival Spirit, outside of Sydney harbour. they are riding a constant flow of smashing waves of more than nine metres. massive swell reveals just how treacherous and stomach churning conditions are. ship has suffered damage in wild weather conditions off the NSW coast.
the retired midnight oil lead singer, former politician and passionate environmental activist has put his family’s Sydney home on the market. the 62-year-old has lived at the thoughtfully restored home for almost five years with his wife and three daughters, Emily, Grace and May. the property was bought by Garrett for $932,500 in 2010 while he was the minister for environment protection, heritage and the arts.
social services minister will scrap a provision that allows parents who don't vaccinate their children to claim welfare benefits. children must be immunised to access childcare payments. parents can avoid loosing benefits by simply signing a form that says they object to immunisation based on 'personal, philosophical or religious' reasons.
Iona Costello, 51, and daughter Emily, 14, went missing last month. they were recognized by the front desk manager of the hotel they were staying at. they were found at 3am by NYPD officers and are in good health.
Jack Jordan proposed to his girlfriend last christmas while suffering from leukaemia. the pair planned to wed after a bone marrow transplant to prolong his life. but last week he was told he was too ill to undergo the surgery. the 23-year-old is now set to marry in hospital after being told he has just weeks to live.
the first contestant to press his buzzer was Tom, a freemason, who inexplicably answered: 'What is puberty?' the correct answer is of course: 'What is puberty?', while the age of consent in the U.S. varies between 16 and 18 depending on the state.
Warner Bros and DC Entertainment attempted to set a world record for the largest gatherings of people dressed as superheroes within 24 hours. the event kicked off in Queensland, Australia, with a celebration at the Movie World Australia theme park. it ended in style in Los Angeles, California, at the Hollywood & Highland Center.
the parents of Elijah Cook were worried he may be born deaf. tests confirmed he was profoundly deaf in his left ear and only able to hear 75 decibels in his right. last month, he was fitted with hearing aids that allowed him to hear his mother's voice for the first time.
new book lays bare the little-known history of the country's public schools. it was inspired by a comparison to flashman from school days. the rise of the pushy parent at the end of 19th Century brought institutions to heel.
the daughters of Mary Kay Letourneau and her former student-turned-husband, Vili Fualaau, are now older than their father was when, at age 12, he started an affair with his teacher. letourneau, then a 34-year-old married mother of four, pleaded guilty to child rape for her illicit affair with her sixth-grade student, which resulted in two pregnancies. her 17-year-old daughter, Audrey, was born while her mother
the 728kg pumpkin was served to the Asian Elephants at the popular Sydney zoo. it was the biggest pumpkin to grace a Sydney royal Easter Show. the elephants can eat between 60kg and 100kg in one day.
the los angeles-based company has closed all of its brick-and-mortar locations. it is now an e-commerce brand, encouraging customers to shop online. 'we no longer have store locations,' reads its website.
Xue Feng returned to his family in Houston on friday following his release. he served all but ten months of his eight year sentence at the prison. he was the only american citizen serving a sentence in a prison for the crime of endangering state security.
Matthew Hall, 25, climbed onto balconies in of his victims in northern quarter. asked when confronted 'am I scaring you?' and 'you're dead sexy - can I come in?' in one case he walked into his victim's bedroom as she slept. he now risks arrest if he enters the area, where each of his terrified victims lived, at any time in the next five years.
the designer will not be presenting a collection at this year's event. he says he's enjoying 'taking a breather' after focusing on his international efforts. this is only the second time he's missed the event in 20 years.
'my anxiety brought me to a point where I couldn't see the existential point of continuing,' she said. 'i couldn't see a light at the end of the tunnel,' she said. one in three australian women will experience anxiety in their lifetime.
Jay Kantaria, 38, had been looking forward to his daughter's birthday party. he leapt onto the tracks at his local station of Sudbury Hill in north-west london. coroner recorded open verdict on the cause of death, saying there was 'doubt' as to his intention when he jumped.
Sarah Ivens, 34, desperately wanted to get pregnant at the age of 34. she was paranoid that her life decisions had left her baby dreams impossible to reach. pre-broody years she'd been bombarded with images of 40-something celebrities. gloating about how easy it had been for them to conceive naturally and quickly.
the inflatable, nicknamed Ba Di Doll, has appeared at Wanda Plaza commercial complex in eastern china's Nanjing city.
the national institute on drug abuse in the us has admitted, in its revised publication on marijuana, that the drug offers benefits to some cancer patients. extracts from whole-plant marijuana can slow the growth of cancer cells from one of the most serious types of brain tumours.
Kenneth Morgan Stancil III, 20, is accused of shooting 44-year-old Ron Lane at Wayne Community College on Monday morning. he was arrested sleeping on daytona beach on tuesday. at the hearing on Thursday, he initially denied a court-appointed attorney, saying he knew he'd get life behind bars when he shot dead his former boss. he then burst into expletives when the judge repeatedly reminded him that he could get the death penalty
15-year-old Marc and 17-year-old Jean Wabafiyebazu were driving around in their mother's consular BMW to raid homes and steal hordes of marijuana. but a drugs raid went wrong on march 30 and the older brother was shot dead. investigators are learning more about the indulgent lifestyle they led - despite attending top private schools bankrolled by their mother.
deputies responded to a lake worth animal hospital around 4:30am friday morning and found a 10-pound Shih Tzu named Cujo with his eye hanging out of the socket. the dog's owner, Michele Etzel, told deputies that her son, 36-year-old David Etzel, had been drinking and teasing the dog, prompting the dog to bite Etzel. 'i'm feeling sick. I can't go to sleep. I'm holding my dog 24/7,'
the 60-year-old was called to serve on a case involving a car crash and had to answer a couple of questions about his relatives. the sitting Judge refrained from making Roberts answer, saying, 'Obviously we know what you do for a living, sir'
the photography competition was designed to illustrate the Northern Territory's unique outback lifestyle as well as their distinctive people and landscapes. locals describe the competition as a chance to showcase the best the bush has to offer.
four-year-old from Salem, Oregon, learnt nursery rhyme at preschool. was halfway through eating dinner when she decided to perform it for her mom. she starts by singing: 'four little ducks went out to play, over the hills and far away' but as the rhyme continues - and the number of ducks returning decreases - her eyes begin to fill with tears. as she gets to penultimate verse, where 'no little ducks come back', she starts to sob with
'Marijuana is a gateway drug,' said new jersey governor. 'we need to send very clear leadership from the white house on down through the federal law enforcement,' he said. 'the states should not be permitted to sell it and profit from it,' he said.
Ashley Pegram, 28, left her summerville, south Carolina home for a date with a man she had met on messaging service Kik on the evening of April 3. her sister, Brandy Chance, reported her missing the next day and went through her Kik account, where she found messages from a man who identified himself as 18-year-old Emoney Bon. when she spoke with him, it emerged he was actually a 30-year-old man, Edward Primo Bonilla.
anonymous travellers have taken to social media to shame feral passengers. photos show feet being wedged in between seats or near other passenger's head. others show rubbish being trashed in seat pockets and bathrooms. photos were posted on former flight attendant's Instagram account.
haley Fox, 24, of Turner, Oregon, allegedly fractured 26-year-old Samuel Campbell's skull with a baseball bat at her home last Wednesday. she has been charged with first-degree assault.
mother-of-two was trusted with looking after elderly parents' bank accounts. but she plundered their life savings to bankroll her own lifestyle. by the time her fraud was discovered she had stolen a total of £78,000. her elderly father went without a telephone and basic amenities. judge has now sent her to jail and ordered her to pay her brother £39,000.
the 77-year-old woman was struck by lightning while she sat in her car. days later, after her vision became blurred, a scan of her retina revealed she had a hole in her macula, a part of the retina responsible for 90% of a person's vision. she underwent surgery to repair the hole in her macula, after two months of poor vision.
Kevin Carr, 34, from woolacombe, Devon, ran more than a marathon a day every day for almost two years. he began his epic voyage at Haytor on dartmoor in 2013 and returned yesterday after 621 days. he was also the first man to complete the voyage unsupported, and instead of a team carrying his equipment, he pushed it along in a buggy. he said:'most frightening of all however was coming face to face with bears. one
Ashton Wood launched a public campaign to destroy his new $49,000 Jeep. he raised $18,000 online so he and 300 people could destroy the car. the car company refused to pay a full refund for the car or replace it. one of the company's requests was for the disgruntled buyer to publish an apology in a national publication. but as no one would publish the apology, he will instead read it out on the ABC's 'The Checkout' tonight.
Lawrence Phillips, 39, is suspected of killing his cellmate Damion Soward, 37. soward was found lifeless in the cell he shared with Phillips at Kern Valley state prison. prison officials said they suspect a second inmate at the prison of killing his cellmate.
Joelison Fernandes da Silva, 28, developed gigantism as a child. his rapidly soaring height forced him to drop out of school due to bullying. but true happiness eventually found the shy Brazilian in the form of Evem Medeiros, a 5ft 21-year-old woman he met online. the former gold miner admits their huge height difference has left a few people bewildered.
Andrew 'Drew' Butler, 25, allegedly shot mother-of-three Kendra Gonzalez from the passenger seat in front of the couple's two-year-old son and her teenage daughter. police said Gonzalez and Butler were involved in an argument when the gun went off. after the vehicle stopped, Butler got out and dragged her body from the driver’s seat and left it on the road. he then ordered the teenage daughter to get out of the car and take the baby with them before driving off.
the couple are preparing to marry in his home town of Dunblane this weekend. local shops and shop owners have decorated their shop fronts with bunting. a handmade card featuring the couple on the front was drawn by local artist.
Sammy Griner's mother, Laney, set up a GoFundMe page to raise the $75,000 her husband, Justin, needs for a kidney transplant. 'his mother died from this disease, please help us write a different story for Justin and his son, Sam,' she wrote. by monday afternoon, the page had raised more than $38,000 of the goal.
Hilary Wilson suffered a cardiac arrest during a Caesarean section. 41-year-old woke up four days later with no idea she had been pregnant. she only realised when someone showed her a picture of her son wearing a baby grow that her other children had worn when they were born. the mother-of-three has defied the odds and made a remarkable recovery.
senior Islamist party official mohammad Qamaruzzaman was hanged on saturday. he was convicted of crimes against humanity and was sentenced to death. but his supporters have called for a nationwide general strike.
Aaron Davis, head chef at the kitchen, was fatally struck by 25-year-old Jason Lanard Mitchell on Saturday around 2am. his wife, Ana Granucci Davis, 28, gave birth to their son on Tuesday. 'andrew and i are doing very well and we are both ready to take on this new adventure together with Audrey, my daughter,' she said.
Amy Murray, 23, rowed with cinema-goers during screening of adult-only film. people in row in front of her and her friend became annoyed at them. argument broke out and Murray hit 23-year-old while drunkenly gesturing. single mother was arrested and led from cinema in handcuffs after incident.
'Mama' June Shannon and her estranged husband Mike 'Sugar Bear' Thompson have filed a missing persons report after his older brother disappeared three days ago. Billy Thompson was last seen on Saturday at Sugar Bear's home in McIntyre, Georgia, where Mama June's daughter Jessica was preparing to go to prom. since then Billy hasn't been seen and he isn't returning any phone calls or texts. the family have filed a report with the local police
the firm's latest update automatically shows the latest snaps posted to facebook. it has also used facebook to boost its'mutual friends' feature. firm said it made the changes after noticing many users put their Instagram user name in their profile.
7,000 people are chanting ‘YES! YES! YES!’ in a pitch-black car park in London’s Docklands. the mood is tribal. Marianne feels as if we’re on our way to a ritual killing. maybe our own. she has set herself a bizarre challenge to live by the rules of a different self-help guru each month.
after 150 chemical tests, an Israeli geologist claims to have linked the James Ossuary to the long disputed ‘Jesus Family tomb’ in the city’s east Talpiot neighbourhood. research could have enormous ramifications as it suggests that Jesus was married, fathered a child and that a physical resurrection did not take place. ‘son of God’ was buried with nine other people, including ‘Judah, son of Jesus’ and his wife, named Mary.
gruesome video shows men accused of exploding car bomb in al-mayadin, syria. they are marched to wooden stump and told to kneel before being executed. masked militant carries out brutal retaliation by taking heads off with blade. footage cuts from merciless killings to shots of injured children and adults. group claims men are soldiers fighting for president bashar al-Assad's regime.
secret poll shows that farage has fallen behind his tory opponent in the seat he is contesting. he is in danger of finishing third, with labour catching up fast. censored poll was commissioned last month by multimillionaire businessman and former tory Arron Banks.
the 25sq/m model contains more than 30,000 figures, and illustrates all the key moments of the battle which allowed the Duke of Wellington to defeat Napoleon's forces. it was built in the 1970s, but fell into disrepair before being restored just in time for the battle's bicentenary. the number of troops featured is just a third of the true number who were killed or wounded in the battle.
two base jumpers broke their backs and were told they may never walk again. one year on both men have returned to the sport they love - and retraced steps. they were attempting a risky 'totem pole waterfall' manoeuvre when parachutes tangled.
63-year-old former air hostess wins £14.5m mansion from 90-year-old. property, in north west London, has'superb views' over a London park. it was one of five properties the successful property developer bought. couple's main marital home had been a £26m 'palatial residence' in jeddah. after their divorce, the woman moved into the townhouse, claiming her right to live there as one of their matri
despite the greyness, the appalling cold, and the downright bleakness of the north sea here, she's in heaven. the poet Byron called the experience a ‘buoyancy of spirits I never feel on any other occasion’. she says her affair with open water began on Hampstead heath after a local swimming pool closed down.
the maticevski show at Mercedes-Benz Fashion Week Australia was a spectacular success. front row guests were given a personalised $899 tablet. but a few of the gifts went missing when someone with sticky fingers snapped them up for themselves. celebrities including Lindy Klim, and Jordan and Zac Stenmark were among the lucky recipients.
a fiery stoush erupted between the chief executive of Rupert Murdoch's media empire in australia and a senator who questioned why the company runs a national newspaper at a multi-million dollar loss. Julian Clarke was peppered with questions from Greens senator and party leader Christine Milne about why the paper continues to when it is not profitable. 'you're a minority,' Mr Clarke fired back. 'Not from the number of people who buy your
scientists at UCLA examined the brains of 90 women, 44 of whom took the Pill, and 46 who experienced natural cycles. they found the lateral orbitofrontal cortex and the posterior cigulate cortex were thinner in those taking the contraception. the lateral orbitofrontal cortex plays an important role in regulating a person's emotions and their response to rewards.
the retailer has consistently been one of the lowest-rated grocers since 2005 in Consumer Reports' annual survey. this year it was ranked number 67, the second worst supermarket. the biggest gripe among surveyed subscribers is not enough open checkouts, which was cited by a quarter of respondents.
hassan Munshi and Talha Asmal are believed to have crossed into Syria. the 17-year-olds have not been in contact with their families for several days. families are 'extremely concerned' about the safety of their 'ordinary lads' hassan is supposedly related to Hammaad Munshi, who was arrested in 2006.
mother-of-two Elisha Wilson Beach, from los angeles, is pictured breastfeeding her toddler while on the toilet. the image has been shared more than 25,000 times and has been liked on facebook more than 211,000 times. the image has divided the internet community with many criticizing the mother for her unapologetic approach to multi-tasking.
Silvia suffers from pica, an eating disorder that makes people crave non-food substances. the star of my extraordinary pregnancy picked up rocks outside her house. she is heard saying: 'over here are the ones that are easy to break'
Martynas Kupstys was mistakenly let of jail by bungling prison staff. he spent three hours sitting on a bus stop across the road from Lincoln Prison. the killer was on trial at the time for the murder of Ivans Zdanovics. he also waved a large meat cleaver at the person behind the camera.
for a limited time Starbucks will be introducing the S'more Frappuccino which is scheduled to hit stored on Tuesday, April 28. the drink will be made with a combination of marshmallow whipped cream, milk chocolate sauce, graham crackers, coffee, milk and ice. the beverage is then topped off with the same marshmallow whipped cream and graham cracker crumbs.
warning for a tsunami as big as one metre (three feet) to hit islands in Japan's far south after 6.6 magnitude quake struck off eastern Taiwan. witnesses said buildings swayed in Taipei but there was no visible damage in the Taiwan capital. the 6.6 magnitude quake struck 71 kilometres east of Hualian, Taiwan at 0143 GMT.
Izzat Ibrahim al-Douri, 72, died in fighting with government troops on friday. his body was delivered to the ministry of health in baghdad today. crowds gathered to get a closer look at the former right-hand man.
Margaret Tyler, 71, has been collecting royal memorabilia for more than 40 years. her collection now includes a solar powered queen and thousands of photos. she says she has no plans to stop collecting and describes it as 'a labour of love'
since 2008, 994 service personnel have been treated for mental health issues. retired major general alastair Duncan is currently in a psychiatric unit. he was given the drug before a deployment to Sierra Leone four months ago. critics say the mod has ignored appeals to stop prescribing the drug.
group of 15 arrested on suspicion of'multiple aggravated murder motivated by religious hate' witnesses say fight broke out on boat carrying 105 migrants from Libya to Sicily. men 'professed the Christian faith while aggressors were Muslim'
Christy Mack, 23, was attacked in her Las vegas home on august 8, 2014. she had 18 broken bones, a broken nose, a ruptured kidney, a ruptured liver, missing teeth, and a fractured rib. she claims her boyfriend, MMA fighter Jonathan Paul Koppenhaver, became abusive months into their one-year relationship. he allegedly beat her with a blunt knife and cut off her hair with a blunt knife in the scuffle. he
the 26-year-old teacher from Leeton is believed to have been murdered after she disappeared from her workplace on April 5. her body was found by police in cocoparra national park, north of Griffith, NSW, on April 10. a memorial service will take place on Wednesday afternoon in Eugowra in NSW’s central west.
the choice of ice cream makers has never been wider. MANDY FRANCIS tried out the best brands on the high street. the minimalist, cube-shaped machine looks sleek and impressive.
the couple are turning their new country bolt hole, Anmer Hall, into a secluded fortress home. anmer is set to become their principal residence over the next few years as William focuses on family and his new flying career.
sailors on board the Admiral Kuznetsov strap an old jet engine to a tractor. they then use the contraption as a leaf-blower to blow debris overboard. even a single stray nut or bolt, if sucked into one of the plane's engines, could spell disaster for the pilot.
the two continents are linked at Panama, but there has been a debate about when this land bridge first appeared, with most experts placing its formation at about 3 million years ago. the new study presents evidence that the Panama land bridge formed at least 10 million years earlier.
Detailed constituency surveys suggest labour faces unprecedented wipeout. nationalists also on course to wipe out the liberal democrats in scotland. survey suggests labour could lose all 41 seats it won in 2010.
Brian and Joan Ogden, from Wigan, were on their way back to their hotel. pickpocket in purple top reaches into the pocket of 80-year-old man. her accomplice attempts to block the view of his wife, 78-year-old wife. after she sneakily handed the wallet to her cohort, they followed them out.
Deborah, 43, from Lanarkshire, described her naturally curly hair as a 'frizz nightmare' she was sent to the Taylor Ferguson salon in Glasgow for the Nanokeratin System Hair Relaxing Treatment. it promises frizz-free hair for up to four months.
scientists at the rockefeller university in new york believe a new antibody therapy could pave the way for an HIV vaccine. the experimental therapy can dramatically reduce the level of virus in a patient's blood - their viral load. patients injected with the neutralising antibody during clinical trials saw a 300-fold reduction in their viral load.
he implied during a conversation with Daily Mail Online on Saturday that if he ascended to the highest elected office he wouldn't make his attorney general enforce federal laws pertaining to marijuana. the position stands in contrast to the views of at least three of his GOP competitors, who last week said they'd lay the hammer down on Colorado and Washington for flouting federal law. 'it is lawless for the attorney general simply with a stroke of a pen to say we will not enforce these federal
roman Abramovich has bought Tel Aviv’s Varsano Hotel for £17.1m. the hotel complex is listed as a preserved building covering 1,500 square meters. it consists of a main building with a large lobby, dining room and two studio suites, and six more bedrooms in three separate villas. the purchase includes an adjacent car park, which is already zoned for and has approval for additional building.
calls for criminal charges to be brought over cover-up lasting more than two years. staff deliberately obstructing investigation into payment protection insurance complaints. deleted records and tampered with evidence to make it look like customer was never sold PPI.
a detective from the department said officers used a device called Hailstorm, which can identify phones from a 360-degree antenna from about a city block away. the details, revealed in court, resemble the original plot of HBO’s hit series The Wire, which featured electronic surveillance of drug dealers. the department is under orders by the us government to withhold evidence from criminal trials and to ignore subpoenas in cases where the device is used.
the winter of 2014-15 won't be easily forgotten in Boston after the endless snow broke countless records. the shere volume of snow that fell earlier this year, nearly 65 inches fell in February alone, means that huge piles of the white stuff still remain. to some avid skiers snow is still snow and one in particular couldn't resist the urge to take to the slopes of Boston's temporary new resort.
'very real danger' that a 'blukip' alliance between tories and nigel farage could happen. lib dems released new campaign poster this morning warning of dangers. comes after farage held out an olive branch to the pm last night. he said he wanted to work with him to prevent a possible labour government.
as campaign manager for Clinton's successful 2000 Senate run, de Blasio said it is important for her to define her campaign message. he also said he wants to see her vision for addressing income inequality. 'i think she's a tremendous public servant. I think she is one of the most qualified people to ever run for this office,' he said.
kite measuring 6,000 metres (3.7 miles) was set to fly at a kite flying festival in china. the dragon-themed kite is made from 2,000 separate pieces and weighs 200 kilograms. it took three experienced kite flyers eight hours to fly the full-length kite.
the house has been lovingly preserved to how its first owners intended it in the late 19th Century. it is one of the first ever bungalows built in the country and has gone on the market for £985,000. built in the 1880s by RA Briggs, known as Bungalow Briggs, the house has four bedrooms, four reception rooms and a cellar.
'the only place I don't have any awards out in the open is in the bedroom. other than that they are all over,' she said. 'i don't know I sort of feel that is one place where I feel nobody should be getting awards,' she said.
the 29-year-old girls actress spoke out in a new PSA for the center for reproductive rights. she says she was forced to use up every penny of her savings in order to pay for the procedure. 'i just didn't think it was fair. so I decided to get an abortion, and I went to Planned Parenthood,' she says.
seven-month-old Izaak Gillen was taken to hospital on April 6 with a skull fracture while in the care of his babysitter. he was pronounced dead the next day, according to police. no arrests have been made and the boy's death has been ruled a homicide.
experts studied 40 million posts by 1.7 million users on news site CNN.com, political news site Breitbart.com and gaming site IGN.com. they then divided users into those most likely to be banned, called Future-Banned Users (FBUs) and other users dubbed Never-Banned Users (NBUs)
a 17-year-old girl arrested after her severely malnourished four-month-old daughter was hospitalized and the corpse of a three-year-old child was found at a north las vegas home. the unidentified teenager is a victim and was released on Monday from juvenile detention into the custody of county child protective services. police in north las vegas are continuing to probe what they have described as a three-generation case of child abuse involving the girl's mother,
comey originally delivered the remarks on Wednesday at the U.S. Holocaust Memorial Museum in arguing for the importance of Holocaust education. in all, 6 million Polish citizens were killed during the war, about half of them Jewish and the other half Christians, with many Polish priests, members of the intelligentsia and political resistance killed in Auschwitz and elsewhere.
the megalithic site of Gunung Padang was discovered in 1914. it's nestled among volcanoes, banana palms and tea plantations. it is the largest site of its kind in Indonesia, at 2,903 ft (885 metres) above sea level. if true, it could re-write pre-history in the region and shed light on a powerful and advanced ancient civilisation.
dr Sahar Hussain, 53, panicked when she was unable to get through the gates. she started ranting at staff and denied assaulting the two tube workers. but she has now been found guilty and ordered to pay £2,250 in fines and costs.
sheldon Nadelman, 80, worked at terminal bar, a 41st Street and 8th Avenue watering hole open until 1982. he would meet and photograph the women as they came in at eight in the morning for three shots of cognac before going out to walk the streets. his amateur work, which includes thousands of portraits from the period, often focused on the street trash can he could see from the bar.
the Immerse virtual reality headset is available from firebox for £29.95 ($45) it works with any Android and iOS phone that can run virtual reality apps from the respective stores, and will play any 3D movie. the maximum size of compatible devices is 3.5 x 5.7-inches (8.2 x 15.4cm) it is fitted with an earphone slot to truly immerse the wearer in whatever they are watching and has adjustable head straps and lenses. other features include 360° head tracking and an
divers from california have been snapping exotic underwater life for nearly a decade. the recent addition of a selfie stick has helped them get incredible shots with sharks and sting rays. the pair have travelled as far afield as papua new guinea, the maldives and the virgin islands.
air crash investigators have recovered more body parts from the site where MH17 fell in eastern Ukraine. the Dutch-led team this week also found personal possessions including jewellery after the plane was downed by a suspected Russian-made missile. mailonline's photographer spotted the burned and torn passport of a Malaysian mother killed in the horror.
Emma Dickson, 31, thought she was planning her wedding but ended up thinking about her funeral when she was taken to hospital with a collapsed lung. she developed blood clots which moved to her lungs and caused a pulmonary embolism - just a month before she was due to get married. there was also a risk the clot could have moved to her brain, causing a stroke. she will now have to take blood-thinning medication for the rest of her life which has caused
the homeless period project aims to highlight the misery of women living on the streets who are unable to access proper sanitary care. a campaign video tells the story of a woman called Patricia, who slept rough on the streets of Brixton for six months. using marker pens on cardboard boxes, the video writes the words of Patricia as she speaks them. she has since been housed in a flat by south London homeless charity Spires.
the 9th US Circuit Court of Appeals confirmed that the Washington Supreme Court did not act unreasonably when it rejected Clark Elmore’s claim his constitutional rights were violated at trial. the 63-year-old was convicted of killing and raping his 14-year-old stepdaughter in 1995. he eventually admitted killing her in a graphic taped confession.
tripadvisor's top contributor has written more than 3,300 reviews. the 38-year-old has uploaded nearly 40,000 photos in just five years. he averages nearly two reviews a day and has made more than 66,000.
no images of the new vehicle have yet been released, but a Volkswagen board member revealed that battery packs would be hidden under the floor. a small electric motor will drive its front wheels, making the van more environmentally friendly than its predecessor. a concept is expected to be revealed in two to five years’ time.
in an interview with NPR, the president said likely Republican presidential candidate Scott Walker may change his 'foolish' position on a deal with Iran 'after he's taken some time to bone up on foreign policy' 'Americans would be better served by a President who spent more time working with governors & Congress rather than attacking them,' he said. 'if that starts being questioned, that's going to be a problem for our friends and that's going to emb
the earliest wake-up time worldwide is on a Monday in South Africa. while on Tuesdays, Americans rise at 7am and are in the worst mood. in terms of national average sleep quality, Slovakia topped the list. other countries that wake-up grumpy on Tuesdays include Singapore, Spain, Switzerland, South Africa and Brazil.
doctors in an 'impossible situation' as a result of the King family's flight to Spain. doctors and nurses who treated Ashya have criticised his parents. they ignored medical advice and took him to Prague for proton beam therapy. the family then went to Prague for proton beam therapy, and now say there is 'no evidence' of a tumour.
Irishman Barry Lyttle put his brother in a coma with a single punch. his brother, Patrick, retaliates with a single punch and falls to the ground. he is treated by paramedics at the scene where he was found in a pool of blood and vomit. Barry has been charged with grievous bodily harm and has pleaded guilty. he could spend up to two years in a Sydney jail.
veteran airman claims to have seen a 'white disc' flying through the sky. he said the object glowed bright red for around 30 seconds before disappearing. he said most pilots have reported similar sightings in the sky.
police say the woman from shelburne, Massachusetts was driving drunk around 10:30pm when she ran off Route 5 in Dummerston, Vermont. she crashed her 2011 Toyota camry into a wooden fence. she posted a.10 blood-alcohol content - above the state's legal threshold of.08.
Charlotte bevan had come off risperidone before daughter was born late last year. four days after birth, 30-year-old walked out of hospital without shoes or coat. police found her body two miles away on a cliff face near the bridge. newborn Zaani Tiana bevan malbrouck was later found close by.
Aaron Hernandez was found guilty of first-degree murder and sentenced to life in prison without the possibility of parole in the 2013 shooting death of semi-professional football player Odin Lloyd. following the sentencing phase, which took place immediately after the conviction, Hernandez was handcuffed and returned to jail. on July 16, 2012, the two immigrants from Cape verde were found murdered in their car at a stop light in south Boston following a drive-by shooting. a third man was wounded in the incident but survived.
a 23-year-old woman 'bullied' a Muslim woman and her partner on a train in sydney. the incident happened around 1:40pm on tuesday afternoon. the woman allegedly brought up beheadings and the marriage of children. a police spokeswoman said they would 'definitely encourage' witnesses to come forward.
cleric ayatollah dehnavi is a celebrity preacher in his home country. if women do not wear the hijab properly they could inadvertently cause some men to become homosexual. he also warns that women who are better educated or financially independent 'harm men's authority'
stars took to Instagram to show how they celebrated Easter. from Kim Kardashian's last-minute baskets for toddler north west to myleene Klass' bunny-themed egg hunt.
chimps have learned to look both ways before crossing a busy road in Uganda. dominant males will wait to ensure younger chimps cross safely. it is the first time chimpanzees have been seen to change their behaviour.
groom's brother fired celebratory round at wedding in capital Riyadh. as he fires off round, he loses control of rifle and fires at wall by mistake. guests dived for cover as bullets ricochet off the walls.
my kitchen rules judge has been slammed for promoting fluoride-free water. health minister says he is putting people's health at risk. medical professionals have described his viewpoint as'misinformed'.
the two announced they were 'consciously uncoupling' in march 2014. sources tell the site the divorce was amicable. insiders claim there were no big problems with money or custody.
over 700 guests, including cara delevingne, suki waterhouse, mila Kunis, Elton John, Rosie Huntington-Whiteley, Anna Wintour and the entire Beckham brood, turned out to support their pal Christopher. the event also marks the launch of Burberry's new flagship store on Rodeo Drive that opened in November.
mother, Rosdeep Adekoya, beat son to death before dumping body in woods. his death came just six months after he was returned to mother's care. social workers also visited family a number of times over two years. but review into whether care teams could or should have foreseen circumstances of his death has concluded it 'could not have been predicted'
luxury car burst into flames after head-on crash in north-western city of Istanbul. driver appeared to lose control and swerved across highway into oncoming traffic. it then hit another car coming the other way, killing 26-year-old woman. her friend, 31, is in a critical condition in hospital and is in a critical condition. witnesses said it was a'miracle' that friend survived the horror crash.
out came the sun, aimed at adults, and Invisible Girl, written for teens, describe Mariel’s journey of self-discovery and reveals the true stories of the tragedies and troubles of the Hemingway family. both of her parents (her father, Jack Hemingway, is the son of Hadley Hemingway – Ernest’s first wife; her mother, Byra Louise Hemingway) were alcoholics. she writes about being woken up by
madeline Luciano 'looked on as eighth grade pupils wrote 'annoying' and 'phony' on board to describe classmate. but 40-year-old claims it was meant to teach them to be kinder to each other. she has launched court action against the city's education department.
sevdet besim, 18, was charged with 'conspiracy to commit acts done in preparation for, or planning, terrorist acts' he did not apply for bail and was remanded in custody for a filing hearing on April 24. he is one of two 18-year-old men police arrested for allegedly planning an 'ISIS inspired' attack on an Anzac Day ceremony. a number of 'edged weapons' - including knives and swords - were
Laura Wells has found international success as a size 14 model. she has appeared in Cosmopolitan and Australian Women's Weekly magazines. wells has lived and worked with other less curvy models in new york city.
shadow chancellor rules out post-election pact with the SNP. insists it would be a 'betrayal of the english vote and we will not do it' says he is 'unequivocal' that he would not allow a deal to be dictated.
outspoken weight loss expert, Steve Miller, has devised a strict five-point plan. his demands include obesity wardens in the street and fat warning signs outside fast food restaurants. he claims these interventions could save the country and the NHS millions.
the eight officers include Captain Jason Fox, 42, a two decade veteran and Sergeant Michael Wibunsin, a 12-year veteran. 'all n*****s must f*****g hang' and 'N*****s must be spayed' were among the texts uncovered by federal authorities investigating former sergeant Ian Furminger.
the securities and exchange commission said the thermal-imaging company earned more than $7 million in profits from sales influenced by the gifts. two employees in FLIR's Dubai office gave luxury watches to five officials with the Saudi Arabia Ministry of Interior in 2009. the company also arranged travel for Saudi officials, including a 20-night trip with stops in Beirut, Casablanca, Dubai, Dubai, New York and Paris.
the $20 Double Eagles were stolen from the US Mint in Philadelphia in 1933. the coins were almost all destroyed when the country went off the gold standard. the family found them in a bank deposit box for their father, a jeweler. a jury in 2012 sided with the government but the appeals court returned them.
researchers examined data from two nationally representative surveys. 1,601 children aged 10 to 11 and 9,055 children aged 11 to 16 were quizzed. use of e-cigarettes at least once was more common than having smoked a conventional cigarette in all age groups, bar the oldest (15 to 16 year olds)
the oratory school in west london was ordered to revise its admissions policy. watchdog accused the school of cherry-picking privileged white children. but high court judge branded the decision 'flawed' and 'unreasonable'
aqib and yaqub Talib are being investigated for aggravated assault. they were involved in an altercation at a Dallas-area nightclub on tuesday. he was in trouble before and was wanted on charges of aggravated assault with a deadly weapon in 2011.
just 250 jars are being produced, at £20 each, with all proceeds going to charity. sales of high-end versions are up by 45 per cent at selfridges since last year.
Kestutis Martuzevicius, 52, is wanted for 22 crimes in his home country. he is accused of two murders, robbery and extortion between 1993 and 1997. he spun out legal battle for nearly five years by insisting he was mentally ill. judges at the european court of human rights criticised his 'ill-founded' case.
man out walking his dog found a clutch of cocktail sausages laced with poison. the sausages were so densely packed with the poison that eating just one could have killed a dog. it comes after a spate of dog poisonings in nearby Brighton and hove.
video of the February 19 incident emerged on Tuesday and shows a cop car running into a suspect walking down a street in marana, northwest of Tucon, with a rifle. local police chief Terry Rozema spoke out on Wednesday to defend his officer and argue that deadly force was necessary. the footage has further stirred debate about the type of force it is appropiate for police to use.
'there's no cafetiere and there's no corkscrew!' - the husband's rant minutes into our family Eurocamp adventure. with big duvets and brass beds, Eurocamp's Safari tents are more luxurious than an average stay under canvas. with four pools and an animatur organising activities for little ones, it didn't disappoint.
woman, 84, thought to have been helping husband park when car accelerated into her. she also suffered injuries to her throat and legs, as well as broken bones. she was taken to hospital and is in a medically-induced coma.
darlene Feliciano, 27, was hiking the Makapuu 'Tom-Tom' trail in Oahu, hawaii, with a male friend when she slipped and fell. she was found unresponsive about 500 feet below a hole in the trail known locally as the puka - a popular spot among photographers. the unconscious woman was airlifted from the area but was pronounced dead just after 2pm. her 29-year-old companion had to be rescued
carwyn Scott-Howell fell to his death while on holiday in the french Alps. he was on holiday with his mother, nine-year-old sister and 19-year-old brother. family said he was a 'daring, outgoing, determined little boy'
it's'made today, sold today' slogan was deemed misleading by the federal court. it was banned from advertising its par-baked bread as baked fresh on the day it is sold or made from fresh dough for three years. the falsely labelled bread has generated an income of around $300 million over three years.
Prasanna ‘Nick’ Arulchelvam ran and jumped through an open side door. but he was pushed out and hit the ground as the vehicle sped away. a customer in the costco car park in watford reported hearing a ‘nasty crunch’. the man who pushed him to his death was jailed for 11 years.
photographs show four men being interviewed by the terrorists in northern stronghold of Mosul. they are then dragged before bloodthirsty crowds eager to see their executions. savage punishment is significantly more extreme than usual punishment for theft.
in 1995, there were more than 154 million migrants who left their home country and moved to another for various reasons. in 2013, that number had risen to 231 million globally, according to the international migrant stock trends data. Great Britain and Northern Ireland are among the nations which have a high number of immigrants, with more than 7.8 million recorded.
the disused Rhondda Tunnel, which runs 1,000 feet beneath the Welsh hills, was closed as part of the Beeching cutbacks. but engineers are due to visit the 3,148m tunnel next week - for the first time since it closed - to see whether it is safe to use as a cycle route. it would be one of the longest cycle tunnels in the world, second only to the 4,000m Snoqualmie Tunnel near Seattle in the us.
the Randolph, in Oxford city centre, caught fire this afternoon. smoke billowed from the roof as dozens of firefighters battled to bring the inferno under control. five-star hotel includes the Morse Bar, named after being used as a frequent setting for many scenes where Morse and Lewis deliberated on complex cases.
a defense petition to return 14-year-old Jamie Silvonek to the juvenile facility where she was initially sent after the body of 54-year-old Cheryl Silvonek was discovered last month was denied. her boyfriend, Caleb Barnes, 20, who is from El Paso, Texas, but was stationed at Fort Meade, Maryland, is charged with homicide.
lowes, Industrie, Best & Less and the Just Group - which includes Just Jeans, Portmans and Dotti - were identified as some of the worst performing companies. Amongst the best performers were Etiko, Audrey Blue, Cotton On, H&M and Zara. only two of the companies could prove they were paying a full living wage to the workers in two of the three production stages of their clothing.
video shows two £126million jets approaching RAF Lossiemouth, scotland. first jet blasted them with thrust from its engines, while second disappeared. as second jet disappeared from view, video camera was knocked sideways.
new medical records reveal the fate of pre-Raphaelite artist's muse. the orange-haired beauty died at the graylingwell hospital in 1909. she was suffering from'senile mania, confusion, weak-mindedness and an inability to sustain a rational conversation, a poor memory and sleeplessness'
Scott Keyes, a 28-year-old writer for Think Progress, is about to travel 20,000miles on 21 flights. along the way he will stop by 13 countries in Europe and South and North America while enjoying first class service. Keyes decided to plan his trip when he realized he had some free time between his departure from Oaxaca, Mexico, to return home to full time work.
'my kids are crazy eaters. they have incredible palates,' he said. 'i cook for them a ton!' he said.
officials said there had been no leaks from the plant's three tanks of burning hydrocarbon liquids and no signs of contamination. 177 fire engines and 829 firefighters battled the blaze at the factory in Zhangzhou, Fujian province. the plant manufactures paraxylene, a chemical used for producing fibers and plastics.
amjad Yaaqub, 16, said he stumbled on the barbaric scene shortly after terrorists beat him unconscious when they burst into his family home. the schoolboy said the terrorists were looking for his brother, who is a member of the Palestinian rebel group who ran and defended the camp for several years. he said he saw severed heads. they killed children in front of their parents.
Cecil Hamilton-Miller, 91, was responsible for convictions of 31 camp guards. included camp commander Josef Kramer and camp commander Fritz Klein. he struggled to talk about the horrors he witnessed during the holocaust.
Jayson McDonald was found hiding under a bed in Amsterdam in the Netherlands. while Paul monk was captured at his luxury villa in the holiday hotspot of Alicante. both men are wanted by the metropolitan police on suspicion of drugs offences.
the prime minister appeared weary with bags under his eyes and disheveled hair. in one day this week he travelled to all four home nations in bid to secure votes. he has also had to wade into a number of arguments, defending ministers.
former army chief is spearheading operation to rescue 2,000 from war-hit Yemen. he tweeted: "friends what do you expect from presstitutes...." the comment evoked sharp reactions, with the Opposition demanding an apology. but the BJP has distanced itself from the former army chief's views.
Meter Maids have a long history synonymous with the sandy beaches of Queensland's most sought-after holiday destination. the 50-year tradition has split the gold coast community, with business leaders calling for the end of an era. they were the brainchild of gold coast developer Bernie Elsey who introduced the initiative to stave off the bad publicity associated with newly installed parking meters. but business owners say the group are no longer performing a public service as advancements in parking meter technology mean expiry times are not always
73-year-old stabbed his wife of ten years with a seven inch kitchen knife. she was left with life-threatening injuries to her torso, chest, arms and back. he rang an ambulance after the attack in October last year and admitted what he had done during the 999 call. four months later, while on remand, he wrote to his wife asking her to 'get my things together' before for trial.
mother-of-three, 42, took some time off work to spend with her children. but she said the break turned into a string of tantrums and bickering. in her blog post, she also describes ‘working mum guilt’.
five-month-old Elijah suffered with the fatal genetic disease Type 1 Spinal Muscular Atrophy (SMA) he was born strong, before becoming'very floppy' his parents, Jessica and Andrew, created a 30-item 'bucket list' for their son. 'we thought we had at least another week,' said his mother. 'he passed peacefully in my arms. they tried to revive him but we knew he was telling us it's his time'
'Space Bins' can hold two more bags than existing compartments on 737s. 737-900ER or 737 MAX 9 planes will be able to hold 194 bags. 737-800 or 737 MAX 8 planes will hold 174 (compared to 118) and the 737-700 or 737 MAX 7 planes will hold 130 (compared to 90)
graduate Jacob Phillips, 23, fell down the cliff when he leapt over a fence. he had caught a taxi home after a night out but didn't have enough cash. taxi driver said he would not have left him if he knew where they were.
Latvian firm is currently developing a one megawatt electric race car to compete in the Pikes Peak International Hill Climb in June. the vehicle, dubbed eO PP03, runs on 50 kWh lithium-ion battery pack driving six YASA-400 electric motors. it is capable of producing 1020 kW (1368 horsepower) and speeds of up to 160 mph (260 km/h)
Zoe had been battling an undiagnosed illness since the age of 13. 19-year-old was found dead at a hotel in putney, south west, last year. inquest heard how doctors could find no physical cause for her illness. she refused to accept she had mental health problems, inquest heard. for confidential support call the samaritans in the uk on 08457 90 90 90, visit a local samaritans branch or click here for details.
gail o'rorke, 43, has pleaded not guilty to helping the 51-year-old to kill herself. she left a recording of her nightmare life and frustration with not being able to travel to Zurich to die, a court has heard. gardai were alerted to her plans to travel to the clinic in Zurich. gardai were also alerted to the wheelchair-bound woman's plans to travel to london. ms Ford
the average shoe size in the uk has risen from a dainty 412 in 1900 to a roomy six today. but lots of stars from Elle Macpherson to Katie Holmes all have surprisingly huge feet.
leanne Bourne became suspicious of her partner's affair when she was 20. but when she saw him, she fell in love with her younger sister, larissa. she moved into her home when she was 17 and they began an affair. ms Bourne says she is still struggling to come to terms with what happened.
Islamic State have launched their own social media rules to censor coverage. follows heavy defeats at Tikrit in Iraq and the costly siege of Kobane. the rules appear to be an attempt by senior commanders to eradicate any hint of problems within the extremist group's territory.
Daisy Goodwin has had nits since she was 19 and says she has suffered with them almost 100 times. she says she was never affected by head lice when she was a child. but she says she has had nits at least 100 times since then.
the federal government will give Shoshana Hebshi $40,000 as compensation for being humiliated on the 10th anniversary of the 9/11 terrorist attacks. armed agents forced her from a plane at Detroit Metropolitan Airport, made her undress during a search and held her for hours. Hebshi, who has a Jewish mother and Saudi Arabian father, has said she was ethnically profiled based on her dark complexion.
the tires of the car sunk into the wet sand, so they were unable to move. the wheels of the car sunk into the wet sand, so they were unable to move. seconds later a wave hit the car, flipping it and pulling it out to sea.
Oxford dominated Cambridge in the 161st men's boat race today. both men and women rowed the same stretch of the river Thames in London. president Constantine Louloudis claimed a fourth and final boat race victory.
the attackers, two aged 15 and one aged 14, were arrested on friday. the seriousness of the incident led police to charge them as normal. the charges come after shocking footage emerged of the moment a father and his 13-year-old daughter were bashed and robbed by a gang of 25 teenagers outside a shopping centre.
stars like Kate Hudson, Pharrell Williams and Gwen Stefani have all shown little to no signs of ageing over the past decade. here, FEMAIL rounds up the celebrities whose faces haven't changed for at least 10 years.
cowboy builders had been called in to fix a leak in the house in north london. left the family with no roof and just tarpaulin protecting the house. rain got into the house causing ceilings to collapse.
the modern-day Martin Burgess Clock B is based on a design by carpenter John Harrison. he thought up the clock to solve the problem of determining longitude at sea. it has been part of a 100-day trial at the royal observatory, in greenwich. it was initially set ticking a year ago after being strapped to a pillar. but it quickly became apparent the trial would be a success and wax seals were placed on its case so its
new poster campaign shows Nicola Sturgeon manipulating a puppet labour leader. chairman grant Shapps said: 'the only way that Ed Miliband might crawl through the gates of No10 now is if he's carried there by the SNP'
boy, 14, vomited all over the floor of a Powell's bookstore in the city. manager had to clean up the mess and said it was 'gigantic' but he wrote a sincere apology letter and a gift card for ice cream.
around 16 million tourists visit the city every year. but for its population of 350,000, that's an overwhelming figure. a new initiative set up by prince Ottaviano de'Medici di Toscana is aiming to reclaim the city, saving it from the ruins of mass tourism.
the 'yes means yes' law is a spin on the old sexual assault mantra 'no means no' the law says consent is 'affirmative, conscious, and voluntary agreement to engage in sexual activity' from each partner.
Nyia Parler, 41, was taken into custody by authorities in Montgomery County, Maryland overnight Saturday on charges including aggravated assault, simple assault and neglect of a care-dependent person. police say she traveled to Maryland either last Sunday or Monday after leaving her 21-year-old wheelchair-bound son in a wooded park with nothing but a blanket and a Bible. the son, who is non-verbal and suffers from cerebral palsy, was found on friday night lying beneath a rain
Philip and Victoria Sherlock have been living out of their car for three months. a stomach operation meant Philip could no longer work as a £400 a week gardener. the desperate couple were forced to sell furniture and take out pay-day loans. they were eventually forced to leave their home and live in their car to be closer to their job.
he was a key part of the new england patriots offense and had signed a massive five-year contract extension that would pay him nearly $40million. but even before the murder of Odin Lloyd in 2013, he was not the golden boy he seemed to be. his arrest was not the beginning of his criminal career - but just the first time he's been held accountable for his actions.
slipper island, a 2.7 km long, 1.8 km wide landmass, is located 4 km off the coast of the new Zealand's north island. it boasts two airstrips and six houses, all with nearby beaches and sweeping ocean views. the landmass is a 15 minute ferry ride from north island and is owned by a former property developer. the sale has divided the family who own the island, with some of them claiming it represents' the loss of the family's legacy'
Stacey Johnson, 22, was diagnosed with an inoperable brain tumour in 2007. she has undergone gruelling rounds of chemotherapy and radiotherapy. her sister Dannii, 20, also had a tumour and became her carer. she was shocked to discover she too had a tumour, although hers is benign.
a brazen thief has allegedly taken a diamond engagement ring from a dying woman. the 61-year-old was diagnosed with terminal brain cancer in 2001. she was told she only had nine months to three years to live. the mother of two lost her battle to cancer last week at an Adelaide nursing home. four days before she died, her husband and daughters noticed her ring was missing.
clarence David Moore, 66, escaped from a north carolina prison as a 23-year-old in 1972. he was serving a sentence of more than 10 years for larceny when he broke free. on monday, he called the Franklin county sheriff's office and admitted to being a fugitive. 'i need to make this right and get through this,' he was quoted as saying. he suffers from several medical conditions and
a skier in switzerland brought his dog along for a day of skiing. he was filmed descending the crisp ski runs of the small resort of minschuns. the dog, named Sintha, is an Appenzeller mix according to the owner.
more than half of Scots plan to back the SNP in the general election. a new survey shows the SNP has almost doubled its lead over labour. 52% now backing Nicola Sturgeon with only 24% planning to vote for him. the 28-point lead is nearly double last month's figure, when the parties scored 46 per cent and 30 per cent respectively.
president Barack Obama became the first american president to visit the island nation since President Ronald Reagan in 1982. prime minister portia Simpson Miller told him the citizens of her country loved him, and she loved him as well. 'it is a great pleasure to visit Jamaica, known for its beauty and the extraordinary spirit of its people,' he wrote.
the pair began dating in early 2014 and have known each other for at least four years. he took her around the world to be by his side while on a comedy tour. but after behind-the-scenes talks earlier this year it was clear his career was about to explode. a source close to Noah said that they split a few months ago.
sheriff's deputies failed to collect a blood sample from her uncle, Patrick Morrison, and left him walking the streets. he raped his niece, Sabrina, 13, in 2007 and after she told a teacher the following day, authorities performed a rape kit on her. for the next four years, he continued to assault the mentally-disabled girl, his niece, and even got her pregnant. but because of physical complications, the baby was aborted
teenager pranks her own mother by pretending she had been kidnapped. her mother responds with 'what decorator?!?!! Call me. There is no decorator'.
vin los, 24, has landed a campaign for underwear brand Garçon Model that showcases his extensive body art. the ads feature phrases like'scream my name', 'iconic face', and'my man is str8'.
the 28-year-old reacted angrily to a challenge by arsenal defender Jade Bailey. the midfielder was shown a straight red card during the second half. city lost 1-0 to arsenal at the city football academy on sunday.
former Olympic swimmer Eamon Sullivan and girlfriend Naomi Bass recently got engaged on a trip to Japan. the proposal took place in Kyoto, Japan two weeks ago, and the happy couple are now back in Perth. Sullivan, 29, has won two silver Olympic medals and a number of gold and bronze at the Commonwealth games.
the limited edition watch is made with 24 karat gold, rose gold or platinum. it comes in 38mm and 42mm (1.5 and 1.65 inches) sizes. most expensive version is called the 'Diamond Ecstasy', and boasts'solid precious metal' and a diamond encrusted face and bracelet. one version is also adorned with a one carat diamond plus hundreds of smaller diamonds in the strap.
poets house is a swish new hotel in genteel ely, three-minute walk from the cathedral. there are 21 rooms, all with copper standalone baths placed near luxurious double beds. there are mirrors everywhere with poetry written on them.
officers in Mesquite, Texas came upon the burning SUV belonging to 25-year-old Hector Valles, who was unresponsive and wedged behind the wheel. officers Ryan Nielson and Autumn Soto finally unpinned him from the car and pulled him down onto the interstate service road. while Nielson and Soto were still dragging Valles across the pavement, the fire in his SUV erupted ever further, fully engulfing the interior.
rabbits, which are deemed a pest in NSW, are targeted with the calicivirus, also known as Rabbit haemorrhagic disease (RHD), in may. over 30 government bodies scattered carrots laced with calicivirus around public areas in march. about 70-100 per cent of rabbits die once infected with the calicivirus, which damages the animal's liver and gut and causes haemorrhaging and bleeding.
the 73-year-old rose to fame as part of Simon & Garfunkel in the 1970s. his latest album, The Ultimate Collection, beat those by Ed Sheeran and Sam Smith. it is the first time he has reached the top of the album chart since 1990.
the 34-year-old had a brief liaison with the footballer at a christmas party. but the fling turned into a nightmare after she was falsely accused of trying to extort £100,000 from the footballer. the high court has since overturned a gagging order against her. she claims he tried to buy her off to keep his cheating secret from his partner.
the 37-year-old was sailing on a traditional wooden cruise boat along the Mekong river in laos with three friends when it hit a rock. the crew, tour guide and other passengers - including her friends - managed to swim to safety, but she disappeared under the water. rescuers launched a massive search along 20km of the river to try and find her.
pack of chocolate Fingers has come down by 11g - equivalent of two chocolate Fingers. ploy means shoppers are being subject to stealth price rises in'shrinkflation'
the father-of-two was left in a medically induced coma for several months. he was left in a medically induced coma while medics waited for the swelling in his brain to subside. two men jumped and kicked the stricken paramedic until he fell to the ground. they continued to punch and kick the stricken paramedic.
the 33-year-old presented speed with Guy Martin on channel 4. he wrote a review of the £203,000 vanquish carbon edition supercar. he claimed he reached 180mph in a 40mph zone during a 22-minute lap. police on the island of man have confirmed they are investigating the incident.
tennis star and his long-term girlfriend will tie the knot in their home town of Dunblane. the ceremony is being hailed as the event of the year by some as'scotland's royal wedding'
five-year-old Jerry Tarkanian suffered a stroke at about 4am on friday. he was taken to the university medical center of southern nevada. his family said he is conscious and moving around better since the stroke.
a new unit of 100 staff would work with the Gangmasters Licensing Authority, specialist police units and home office enforcement staff. but Nigel farage and tory immigration minister James Brokenshire dismissed his ideas. he said he was doing nothing to control immigration.
topshop and topman set to open second store in sydney's westfield Miranda. shopper specials include guest appearances, opening offers, stylists and giveaways. australian beauty and australia's next top model judge will host breakfast.
passenger was standing on the rim of a toilet when it smashed to the ground. he was caught out when the toilet tipped over and shattered on the floor. the 35-year-old was too embarrassed to call for help but was too hurt. he received several dozens of stitches on his leg and buttocks.
Heather Mack, 19, is accused of murdering her mother, 62-year-old socialite sheila von Wiese-Mack. she is being held in a crowded cell in Bali's Kerobokan prison. a government minister visited the teen and offered extra comforts. he checked on the conditions in her cell, which she shares with eight other prisoners.
a gang of violent high school students were caught on camera brutally attacking a man outside a BP gas station in Memphis, tn. orden Williams Jr. says he was with a baby when a crowd of loud and unruly teenagers suddenly descended upon the establishment. he was sucker punched and attacked, and his baby was also almost hit by the teens. police arrested 19-year-old Joe Brittman, who has been charged with aggravated riot, simple
Wiley Bridgeman, 60, and Kwame Ajamu, 57, were exonerated after being sentenced to death for the 1975 slaying of businessman Harry Franks. last year, the three men were exonerated after the case against them fell apart when the prosecution's key witness recanted his testimony as an adult and said he never witnessed the crime. the $1.6 million includes calculated damages amounting to about $969,000 for Bridgeman and $647,000 for Ajamu.
the stylish cook, 35, posed at a feast fit for only the classiest cat. included bowls brimming with caviar and salmon roe, jellied fish heads and a seafood sculpture made of octopus, lobster and prawns.
Tony Morris QC is mounting a landmark legal challenge against Queensland's speed-camera laws. he says he wasn't driving when his Volvo was photographed doing 57km/h in a 50km/h zone last year. he invoked a spousal privilege case from 1817, arguing it's unconstitutional for a Queensland court to fine him when there's evidence he was not the driver.
a 16-year-old who was born a girl but identifies as a boy has been granted the opportunity to go through male puberty thanks to hormone treatment. the transgender boy has felt as though he is living in the wrong body since he was a child. he has been taking puberty blockers for a year and has worn a boy’s uniform for two years.
Luke Shambrook was last seen leaving candlebark campground in central victoria at 9.30am on good friday. it is understood he wandered off and has not been seen since. his family say he is probably confused and may not be aware he is lost. a widespread search is being carried out by a medley of search and rescue teams including the air wing, dog squad and local police.
toby perkins, deputy chairman of the labour election campaign, revealed in an email that his interns are paid just £4 per day for 12-hour shifts. the email, published in the sun, reveals that alongside their measly wage, interns could expect to be reimbursed for travel, food and accommodation.
researchers developed a model that combined long-term fisheries data with climate model projections from the Met Office. from this they predicted the abundance and distribution of popular fish, such as haddock and plaice, could fall as the North Sea warms. this could see prices of these fish soar, or see them being taken off the menu completely.
Kazi Islam, 18, sent texts to Harry Thomas, 19, who had learning difficulties. he encouraged him to buy parts for a bomb and a knife to attack soldiers. but he failed to grasp that 'cake? U mean the b o m b', court told. he then used his friend to help assemble parts for a pipe bomb, jury told.
west Highland terrier fell 10ft from a quay into the sea while on holiday. strong currents began to pull her under and she was pulled from the water. the 72-year-old and his wife were on holiday in caernarfon, north Wales.
Jarret Stoll, 32, was arrested on suspicion of drug possession at the wet republic pool at the MGM grand hotel in Las Vegas. a security guard reportedly found a pink baggie filled with 3.3 grams of cocaine and 8.1 grams of Molly in his swim trunks. 'Molly' is the name given to the powder or crystallized form of MDMA, the drug compound also found in ecstasy.
he was devastated when his sister, Claire, died in a car crash in 1994. only a year before, he had walked her down the aisle to her husband. he believed she had died in a tragic accident in Aberdeen, Scotland, in 1994. it took two decades for the truth to be revealed - Claire had in fact been murdered by webster so he could cash in on her life insurance.
the woman was watching the Pittsburgh Pirates take on the Chicago Cubs at PNC park on monday night when she was knocked unconscious. she was making her way back to her seat when the ball was hit behind by the Cubs' starlin Castro and careered into her head. there was a net in place but as she was standing so close, she was hit because of the slack.
a man was caught on video savagely beating an elderly truck driver along the side of Route 95 near Baltimore, Maryland. this after the old man hit the aggressor's car as he changed lanes and, according to the truck driver, cut him off. that is when Tommy Solis, who filmed the incident, drove by with a friend, and tried to break up the fight. the truck driver tried to ward off his attacker, even swinging what appears to be a tire iron at one
in a typical day, miss Swindells will have two bowls of rice. krispies with milk for breakfast, followed by a slice of bread and butter for lunch, and two bowls of rice. krispies again for dinner.
the case was dismissed with a court order stating that it did not have the jurisdiction to force the kids, son Hermes, 8, and daughter Helena, 5, to come back to the united states. Rutherford, 46, claims her children were illegally deported to France when a California Court awarded custody to her ex-husband Daniel Giersch, 40. she pleaded for the order to be reversed.
Peter Kelly, 34, was stabbed in the chest beside the St Croix River at 9.45pm on Tuesday as he fished with a friend. the two men were on the Minnesota side of the river when they heard three men being loud and rude on the Wisconsin side and asked them to quiet down. for the next three hours, Kelly and his friend exchanged heated words with the three other anglers. the argument escalated and one of the men pulled out a knife and stabbed Kelly in the chest
pictures posted on twitter by member of anti-ISIS campaign group Raqqa is Being Slaughtered Silently. they risk their lives every day by documenting atrocities from inside the terror group's self-declared capital of Raqqa.
the channel islands have never before combined to stage a big event. liberation day will turn St Peter Port and Jersey's capital St Helier into swirls of people and music.
the leaders of places with names like Molossia, Westarctica, Vikesland and Broslavia are coming together at the Anaheim Central Library for MicroCon 2015. they print their own stamps, wave their own flags and mint their own money. most of their citizens have a population of less than 10.
more than 200 friends, family and former patients attended an hour-long memorial service for celebrity cosmetic surgeon Dr. Frederic Brandt. many believed that he was 'hurt' by the show and it was a factor in the 65 year old's decision to end his life. he was found hanged at his home in Coral Gables, florida, on Easter.
football-mad Logan Kehoe, 13, was having a final dip in the pool at a holiday complex in Costa Teguise when he died. emergency services dashed to the pool but despite paramedics performing CPR on Logan, they were unable to save him.
the prime minister was out in Thanet South today after polls showed he had fallen behind the tories in his campaign to be elected to parliament. a ComRes poll last weekend found he trailed his tories by 1% with labour’s will Scobie just behind on 29%. the unlikely images come after the prime minister and his lib dem deputy were also snapped on the campaign trail posing with mothers and their babies.
liftoff of the 208ft (63 metre) tall Falcon 9 rocket was scheduled for 4:33pm EDT/2033GMT. but poor weather conditions meant the countdown was halted at the 2 1/2-minute mark. Elon Musk, founder of SpaceX, tweeted: 'Launch postponed due to lightning from an approaching anvil cloud'
the case of Shona Banda, 37, was forwarded on Monday to the Finney County district attorney's office for a decision about charges. possible charges include possession of marijuana with intent to distribute, possession of drug paraphernalia and child endangerment. no arrests have been made.
squiggles are thought to be a 'code' for potential housebreakers. they give potential housebreakers details about building, such as whether it is a good target or has an alarm. other marks could suggest that occupant is vulnerable or there is nothing inside the property worth taking.
anil Saxena, from Mumbai, uses Photoshop to create whimsical pictures. he has a background in graphic design and CGI.
art and photography community, BoredPanda, has created a thread encouraging parents to showcase their 'true nerdy colours'. parents have taken to the thread with professional photography shots of their trussed up newborns.
a Cessna 414 crashed near Bloomington, illinois, shortly after midnight. it was on its way back from the national championship game between Duke and Wisconsin. Illinois State associate coach Torrey Ward, meat processing business owner Scott Bittner and bar owner Terry Stralow were among the dead.
18 firefighters freed the havana cob called Cody after he went for a dip. owner Tracey Hannant, from bexleyheath, south London, said her horse looked like Black Beauty when it emerged from the ditch. she said: 'they saved my boy's life'
'i don't really like Nirvana that much,' she said in a candid interview about her documentary Kurt Cobain: Montage of Heck.
sunshine coast university student, 23, hadn't seen his cousin in 10 years. he messaged his 17-year-old cousin angela to see how she was doing. she was homeless, illiterate and 32 weeks pregnant. he took her in and helped her raise her four-week-old baby boy.
the auditions for the nationwide search for a Brit with very special talent will be televised for six weeks until a winner is chosen. but after the cameras subside, their show at the royal variety performance is over and they've spent their £250,000. we look back at the show's winners to decide whether nabbing the prize on the reality show can make you a star for longer than your 15 minutes.
the island was discovered by explorer Juan de Nova in 1502. it was a key stopping place for the ships of the east india company. it played a role in both slavery and its abolition. early next year an airport will open on the island.
spending on consultants has doubled to £1.4billion over the past four years. now makes up more than ten per cent of all foreign aid spending. 'team leaders' working on aid projects earn at least £120,000 a year.
witnesses told police that pastor Aracely Meza, 49, and the boy's parents believed he had a 'demon' inside of him, and that he was starved for 25 days, being given only water four to five times a day. church member Nazareth Zurita said the toddler, whose name has not been released, fell and hit his head several times, but she hesitated to help him 'due to his demon possession'
man was collecting bins in footscray when truck rolled forward and pinned him against a pole. paramedics tried to revive the man but he died at the scene. another man has died and two others are fighting for their lives in hospital.
the 'crystal clear' footage was handed into the metropolitan police by a worker. worker based 50ft from the crime scene had contacted 101 on monday. he believed detectives would already have similar images of the raid. but the force has refused to make the images public despite claims it is the best footage yet. comes after the force was criticised for ignoring an alarm on good friday.
halal sweets on sale in 10 stores around the country. they include liquorice sticks, cola bottles, jelly beans and gummy bears. all are guaranteed to be free of animal products or alcohol-based ingredients.
axe-wielding intruders attacked father-of-six at his home in burnley. he was left with a severed finger and wounds all over his body. needed 38 staples to seal wounds to his head, legs, and back. surgeons managed to reattach his left index finger. he is now in hiding and fears his attackers will kill him if he does.
Oxford scientists say a Mercury-like body struck the young Earth. the object would have been the heat source for our planet's core. the same object could have been responsible for creating the moon. it also explains where some rare-Earth elements came from.
four-year-old suffers from pica, a rare medical disorder that leads to an appetite for non-nutritious substances. doctors say they are unable to treat her until she is six years old.
Amanda Taylor, 24, charged with first-degree murder in the killing of her former father-in-law, 59-year-old Charles Taylor. she allegedly stabbed him in retaliation for last year's suicide of her husband, 59-year-old rex. her suspected partner in crime, 32-year-old sean ball, was found wounded on the blue ridge parkway in north carolina.
'The NYPD's First Fifty Years' is a tale of kickbacks, mob violence and secret KKK members. a variety of men led the force through its formative years, 21 in total. the department's first chief of police, William devery, was known as the king of kickbacks.
a new book claims he put pressure on an Israeli model who was working for him as a stock analyst and dating his dealer Silvio Eboli to sleep with him. he is said to have met Eboli at a Christmas party in 1997 at the Montauk Yacht Club with his son mark, who later committed suicide over his father's fraudulent activities. after 'leah' became pregnant with Eboli's child in 2001 Madoff apparently summoned her into his office to say she had made
99p Stores, Poundstretcher, B&M Bargains and Wilkinsons are among the country's highest earners, research has found. 57% of adults claim to use a discount store like Poundland every week because the'stigma' of shopping in budget stores has ended. 53% are in the top social class, who on average earn more than £35,000-a-year.
a growing slew of celebrity gaming apps, from the likes of Kim Kardashian and Lindsay Lohan, promise to immerse you in it all, temporarily. the highly lucrative app, Kim Kardashian: Hollywood, developed by Glu Mobile, has already been downloaded an estimated 28 million times since it was launched last June. users have to create a character, become friends with Kim Kardashian and then embark on social-climbing, empire-building adventures.
'normal' period pain can be fixed with ibuprofen or an over-the-counter anti-inflammatory. but more severe symptoms such as nausea, back or leg pain or bleeding at unexpected times of the month can all point to a more serious condition. endometriosis is where bits of the uterus lining grow outside of the uterus such as the ovaries, bladder or intestines. 90% of women will experience period pain in their life time.
divorced father-of-five allegedly targeted 11 cadets, many of whom were young black women, on a military base in south London. it is claimed he went on to rape one of the cadets at the mitcham barracks army careers and information office in Croydon. the cousin of the alleged victim told jurors at southwark crown court that she called the sergeant after becoming concerned he wanted to start a sexual relationship with the cadet.
it was not clear what caused the explosion at the Fresno County Sheriff's gun range that brought traffic in the area to a halt. the explosion happened while an equipment operator and a group of county jail inmates were expanding a road alongside Highway 99. the flames shot well over 100 feet into the air, witnesses said.
Terry McCarty suffered third-degree burns to 70 per cent of his body in childhood accident. he endured 58 operations and cruel taunts from bullies who called him Freddy Krueger because of scars on his face, body and arms. but he refused to let 'fear take over my life' and became a firefighter.
Sarah Vine says the BBC need to look further than just men when it comes to finding a presenter to replace Jeremy Clarkson on Top Gear. she says women love cars just as much as men.
birth of prince george sparked £247m sales boom between 1st July and 31st august. but experts say second royal baby is unlikely to have the same effect. most of that will be spent on champagne and cake rather than souvenirs.
the unnamed man, who died from variant Creutzfeldt-Jakob (vCJD) disease in may 2014, just 18 months after he first showed symptoms, was a naturalized U.S. citizen originally from the middle east. the extreme rarity of the disease, especially in the united states, led the man--who was in his 40s--to be misdiagnosed with psychiatric symptoms before ultimately receiving the vCJD death sentence.
headmaster of sherborne preparatory school said parents have become 'dervishes' about their children's education. he said parents should take a back seat to allow children to develop naturally.
the 35-year-old is accused of hitting his ex-fiancee in front of her son. he is due to appear before magistrates in south London next month. bowers and the 31-year-old glamour model got engaged in 2013.
former prison guard claims staff at Feltham young offenders institution regularly arrange brutal fights between rival criminals behind bars. the 49-year-old said some workers would even stay and watch the battle unfold, while others 'turned a blind eye to it' he said gangs controlled entire wings at the jail in hounslow, south west london, leaving staff afraid to visit some areas of the prison for fear of being attacked.
the 37-year-old has defended her image against criticism that she's too 'hollywood' she said: 'you're hot one year but completely out of favour the next' but she said she'd love to stay where she is for 'a long time'
photographer Anthony Barbour, 33, from Liverpool, takes his camera everywhere. uses a Canon 1100d DSLR with either a 18-55mm kit lens or a Tokina 11-16mm. then uses PhotoShop to stitch and layer the photos together.
Niamh geaney, 26, from Dublin, teamed up with two male friends on a project. they were inundated with submissions from all over the world. incredibly, she found her doppelgänger in Karen Branigan, 29,. the pair met in real life and took some eerily twin-like photos together.
British company Swan has just released a top-of-the-range steam generator iron, for £279.99. but does it really make things easier? tessa cunningham finds out.
a week before students are due to return to class after school holidays, mothers have taken to a community Facebook page to talk about how the 26-year-old's murder has affected their kids. this comes as police are due to begin an autopsy on Stephanie Scott's body to determine how she was killed. the 26-year-old was allegedly murdered and dumped in bushland six days before she was due to walk down the aisle to marry her partner of five years.
the 19-year-old model, who we love, is dressed in head to toe Givenchy by Ricardo Tischi, whom we adore.
the ‘Fullips’ device, a sort of suction-thimble, has already been seen at west end parties. it works by creating a mini-vacuum while you suck on the apparatus. this draws blood to the surface of the lips, which swell.
Douglas Murphy, 47, was cleaning up after a children's picnic when he bumped his leg against a bin bag. a cut so small it was hardly visible, became infected, causing necrotizing faciitis - a flesh-eating bug. surgeons were preparing to amputate his right leg but as they were printing out the paperwork to authorise the procedure, the antibiotics he had been given finally began to work.
lesley conman's daughter abbie, 12, was sent sexualised messages on facebook. she challenged an online pervert pretending to be 17-year-old boy. police refused to investigate as no offence had been committed.
in 2001 she dressed according to the angela Merkel school of leadership. topped and tailed with a Krankies haircut and orthopaedic shoes. today she has shed pounds, bleached hair and squeezed her feet into heels. also eclipsed Plaid Cymru’s Leanne Wood (too feminine) and the greens’ Natalie Bennett (too hemp)
pingan Zhao's mother was in labour when she and her husband were hit by a truck as they travelled on a motorbike to a hospital in Xiamen city, in south-eastern china's Fujian province. both of his parents were killed in the accident, but not before the mother gave birth at the scene last march. his birth led to him becoming something of a local celebrity and hailed as a'miracle baby'
Dina Nemtsova, 13, made her debut in a photoshoot with fashion label. posed in red and white dresses as well as an outfit with a patterned floral design. her mother and Nemtsov's partner, Ekaterina Odintsova, 37.
$250 (£168) device recognises the electronic signature of different appliances. it feeds information about energy consumption of the devices it’s recognised back to an app, where users can make decisions about how to save power and money. when the algorithms detect that a device has been turned on or off, or a user returning home, they notify the Neurio app and services such as IFTTT.
owner of a diner in warr acres, oklahoma, taped a sign to her diner window. the sign read: 'to the person going through our trash for their next meal, you're a human being and worth more than a meal from a dumpster' a customer noticed the message and posted a picture of it on his Instagram. within a couple of days it had been shared thousands of times on social media.
Virginia Roberts is being sued for defamation by high profile US attorney. he said that if she repeated her claims she will have perjured herself. miss Roberts has also been branded 'despicable' by model agency owner.
Alison Saunders's position as country's top prosecutor looked bleak. faced criticism from the home secretary, police chiefs, crime tsars, prominent MPs and even one of her predecessors. accused of ignoring rights of victims and perpetrating Establishment cover-ups.
Jeremy Clarkson will not be hosting an episode of have I got news for you later this month, according to the show's producers. he was due to record the show on April 23 to be broadcast the following day. it would have been his first appearance on the show since being dismissed for hitting producer Oisin Tymon in a 'fracas'
individuals will be allowed to buy up to £10,000 worth of Lloyds banking group shares. shares were worth 78.7p when the stock market closed on friday. it is the latest ‘retro’ conservative policy to hark back to the 1980s.
Barry Lyttle, 33, will now be sentenced in Sydney's local court. his elder brother, Patrick, 31, was rushed to hospital and spent six days in a coma after he was allegedly struck by his brother. prosecutors decided to go ahead with the original charge and that Lyttle agreed to plead guilty.
Hannah Bluck, 18, from porthcawl, south Wales, had her dreams shattered. she was diagnosed with avascular necrosis in her distal tibia. the ultra-rare condition has caused her weight-bearing shin bone to die.
the 44-year-old said she and Alice Arnold returned to register office where their civil partnership ceremony was held in 2006. this time they did not have a ceremony at Chiswick House, west london, nor did they invite any guests.
assassin dubbed 'Skinny Girl' killed, dismembered and stuffed in beer cooler. third woman with that nickname to suffer at hands of rival cartel. gained notoriety in January when picture of her grasping assault rifle began circulating online.
dorian poe, 11, from burlington, Ontario, sent his beloved toy bear, called Tikko, out on a round-the-world mission to raise awareness about autism. he was inspired by the story of a cancer-stricken girl who sent her teddy bear in her place, hoping to raise the same level of global awareness about his own condition. now, the bear has circled the globe and invited the world to join in with his journey online.
motaz Zaid was with a friend in parsons green, south west london, on friday. the pair were sprayed with ammonia and assaulted with tools before he was bundled into a Mercedes and driven off. his friend, 19, was stabbed several times in the back and legs during the ordeal. he was found dumped on the side of the road with life-threatening injuries.
Darren Humphries, 37, began throwing Cadbury Mini Eggs at wife Claire, 31. flipped when his partner of 14 years refused to allow him into her home. forced the door open and grabbed his wife by the jaw causing her to fall back. he then picked up a packet of the chocolate treats and began throwing eggs. he was jailed for eight weeks at Worcester magistrates' court on monday.
thug dragged his partner out of bed, slapped her around the head and threw a toaster at her, a court was told. but despite this he was ordered to go on a relationship course instead of jail.
six-strong gang broke into the basement of the building in the jewellery district. they returned twice in three days to continue their audacious robbery. footage reveals they spent another eight hours cleaning out the jewels and cash. it is likely to put pressure on police already under fire for not responding to alarm.
an ocean photographer has captured the unique and surreal moment ocean foam hits the sand. the 40-year-old takes most of his shots on Kiama beach spanning to Gerrigong beach on the south coast of NSW. he uses an EOS 5D Mark III DSLR and numerous lenses to achieve the unique shots.
the far-right Afrikaner Resistance Movement (AWB) is training thousands of teenagers to fight for a separate white state. by day, they are pushed to their physical limits with assault courses and self-defence lessons. then by night, they are subjected to vile racist indoctrination which many hoped had disappeared from south africa for good.
killer did not offer a word of remorse as he was indicted for kidnapping, rape and murder. 38-year-old appeared before a judge on friday night and was indicted. he was on his way to see his sister in Southampton when he attacked.
the restaurant is situated near the ABBA museum in central Stockholm. it will be a part restaurant, part stage show and part role play. the musical will include all the ABBA classics from the show.
Arnold Breitenbach of St. George wanted to get 'CIB-69' put on a license plate. that would have commemorated both Breitenbach getting the Purple Heart in 1969 and his Combat Infantryman's Badge. the Utah division of motor vehicles denied his request, citing state regulations prohibiting the use of the number 69 because of its sexual connotations.
Adam Deacon, 32,'sent abusive tweets from his account to writer's account' 'in some cases they amounted to some death threats', court told. deacon, of east london, was sectioned under mental health act last month.
father says he was unable to trust adults after being molested by 86-year-old. he says he turned to drugs as a result of the abuse, which left him 'questioning himself' one of the nine victims waived his right to anonymity to say the decision 'beggars belief'.
mysterious young soldier known as the 'Handsome Man' has been drawn into the centre of an Anzac Day controversy after his image was used to front Woolworths' 'Fresh in our memories' ad campaign. the ad campaign has been slammed for commercialising the centenary of Anzac and forcibly shut down by the government. the studio portrait of the handsome man was featured in a 2008 exhibition titled Icon and Archive.
video shows Cher Lair from Apex, north Carolina, cutting into a cake at her gender reveal party with family gathered around. she did not know the sex of her baby and gave the scan results to a baker.
reports emerged that hundreds of officers unlawfully accessed information relating to the arrest of fallen AFL star Ben Cousins. officers also reportedly accessed files containing information about fellow former west coast Eagles player Daniel Kerr. the pair both made headlines in recent months, for different incidents, and according to the publication at least 300 police accessed the files.
the pound fell to near 1.46 against the dollar, its lowest level since 2010. different polls have variously put the tories and labour narrowly ahead. experts have warned of the impact on the economy of a badly hung parliament.
casino teenager must raise $80,000 by Tuesday night in order to pay for surgery. the 18-year-old had a stage four brain tumour that was too deep and aggressive to be safely operated on. he and his family found the only australian neurosurgeon to perform the risky operation. after a week of campaigning online, the teenager is over halfway to his goal with $47,000 being raised.
coral Jones' daughter was snatched from outside her home in Machynlleth, powys. 43-year-old had letters demanding her other children be taken into care. she was branded a 'bad mother' for allowing her daughter to play in the street. paedophile mark bridger, 49, was jailed for life in 2013 but her body has never been recovered.
the 53-year-old will stay on for 'a further one-year period' before leaving. she announced her departure in a letter to shareholders dated on march 20. it marks a change in position for the bank, which said she would again stand for re-election.
Mohammed Suleman Khan, 43, was sent to prison for four years last April. he was ordered to pay £2.2million within six months or face ten more years. his nine-year scam was exposed after police raided his home in birmingham.
government officials have repeatedly insisted there is no evidence to support universal screening for Group B Strep, known as GBS. this is despite the fact it is carried by one in four women and infects as many as 400 newborns in the uk every year. but a programme which offered screening to all expectant women resulted in not a single case of the bacteria spreading to infants.
the 39-year-old man was shot numerous times while sitting in a car in his mother's Altona Meadows driveway at about 2am on sunday. neighbours reported hearing screeching tyres soon after shots were fired. no one has been arrested over the shooting.
the Baird Televisor was manufactured in 1928 - two years after logie Baird first demonstrated a working television system. the wooden set has a spiral punched scanning disc which has been fully restored and still has its original tube.
more than 300,000 screens suddenly went offline for several hours. government's attempts to sell £3billion of gilts on the debt markets had to be delayed for several hours. reports from inside the company suggest a spilled can of coke had been responsible for knocking out systems across two continents.
labour leader was jokingly referred to as the stripper after his battle bus was gatecrashed by bride-to-be Nicola Braithwaite and her friends. one of the group spotted the leader's bus when she popped outside the Westminster hotel for a cigarette and alerted the bride. after brief negotiations with his spin doctors, the solicitor was allowed on the bus and emerged grinning after a few minutes in a white and blue dress.
marcin wasniewski, 34, escaped death by millimetres after crash in coventry. paramedics saw the scene and feared the worst but were shocked to see him emerge from the wreckage and walk away unaided. he suffered a serious injury to the left side of his face, which has left him with a deep scar, and injured his left arm.
'when Hillary Clinton travels there's going to need to be two planes, one for her and her entourage, one for her baggage,' he said. 'i'm concerned that the plane with the baggage is really getting heavy and teetering,' he said. he predicted that she'd soon have new questions to answer about her family foundation's donations from foreign actors.
living dead clothing's website crashed due to the demand from around the world. almost 50 garments have been produced for the movie, ranging in price from $45 to $100. industry insiders estimate the coup by the Brisbane clothes-horse last year to win the lucrative Marvels contract, will be worth tens of millions of dollars to the one-time backyard operation.
it is the first time since records began that such sales have outstripped those to the EU for six months in a row. the figures appear to vindicate David Cameron's'mercantile' foreign policy, which has seen him lead trade missions all over the world.
Lucy Scott created the book after giving birth to her first child in 2012. doodle diary chronicles the emotional, fraught first year of parenthood. reassures new parents that every hilarious, terrifying or disgusting occurrence is universal.
the modern family actress allegedly insisted her 44-year-old assistant be the surrogate for her and then fiancé Nick Loeb. the revelation comes just after reports that the former couple are embroiled in a legal fight over her frozen eggs.
the mayor of london warned that a vote for Ukip would be equal to a vote for 'ed miliband'. he also urged labour and lib dem voters to rally behind the conservatives in Thanet and defeat the ukip leader. a vote for the tories would be a 'catastrophe for the country', he said.
the former secretary of state will announce her candidacy on'sunday afternoon,' according to a democratic party source in Iowa. a new book, 'Hard Choices', reveals why she decided to take the presidential leap. 'it has spurred me to speed up,' she says in a timely release.
the 42-year-old man deliberately drove his dark blue Ford Falcon ute straight through the front doors of a police station. he threw a wheel spanner at a night security patrol car before recklessly driving towards the station. luckily the station was vacant at the time of the incident before the culprit managed to escape in the smashed-up car.
nine out of every ten images of child sexual abuse found online in 2014 showed children aged ten and under, according to the internet watch foundation. that was a dramatic increase from the year before, when around two-thirds of the child porn it found featured children of such a young age.
Neill Buchel, 39, was kicked, punched and bludgeoned to death in dagenham, essex. he was cut into ten pieces and dumped in a lake with his dismembered body. 'friends' were obsessed with 'Jackass-style' pranks from the hit tv show. videos found on their mobile phones showed him being made to rub chilli pepper on his genitals.
police have released images of an unidentified man they are trying to trace. images of a 'pre-pubescent blonde girl' appear to show her being sexually abused. one picture does not show any abuse taking place and features the unidentified man posing with her. investigators stressed the dark-haired man, believed to be between the ages of 30 and 45, is not suspected of carrying out abuse.
between 2009 and 2014 a total of 617 youngsters aged under ten investigated. include 41 nine-year-old boys investigated for crimes last year including five suspected of sexual offences. a nine-year-old girl was also linked to a case of criminal damage while a five-year-old girl was alleged to have committed sexual activity with a child.
two men fined $3,000 for threatening behaviour on a Thomson Airways flight. one allegedly threw peanuts and a pound coin at cabin crew. the other allegedly hit himself on the head with clenched fists during disturbance. the two holidaymakers could also face a four-month jail term.
the 33-year-old artist hails from springville, Utah, and specialises in hyper-realistic paintings. he builds up layers of oil paint on a board or canvas, which allows him to add controlled detail and subtle shadowing. his paintings can take anywhere between 50 to 300 hours (one to six weeks) to complete.
the 60-year-old was charged with two counts of threatening to kill and possession of methamphetamine and cannabis. his judge-alone trial is due to begin on thursday in the Tauranga district court. his lawyer changed his plea to guilty ahead of sentencing. one 'threatening to kill' charge has been dropped and he has been remanded on bail.
after 73 years of marriage, high school sweethearts Doug Wilson, 93, and his wife Lillian Kerr Wilson, 89, died just two minutes apart this week. both Lillian, 89, and Bill were Alzheimer's patients and for the last couple of years had to live in separate nursing homes. the couple survived a war and a number of relocations through their long marriage.
until now it was thought dark matter did not interact with anything other than gravity, making its detection incredibly difficult. but a 'clump' of dark matter that appears to be lagging behind its galaxy suggests it interacts with itself. this is despite seeming to account for 85 per cent of the universe’s mass and having an observable effect on galaxies.
independent review of rolling stone's story about gang rape at university of virginia commissioned by professors at the graduate school of journalism. it said the story fell apart because of 'basic, even routine' failures of journalism. but nobody will lose their jobs over the story, and publisher says everyone will remain in their positions.
kitchens are the heart of the home, hub of dinner parties and usually the ‘debrief of the day’ meeting room. but what makes a great kitchen? it’s a balance between warm and inviting design combined with practical efficiency. Frank Valentic gives his tips for ensuring great kitchen design.
shelley dufresnein, 32, admitted having sex with 16-year-old student in exchange for a plea deal. returned home from court on friday and posted selfie on social media site. message read:'my mood today' followed by three smiley faces. followers started congratulating her on the outcome, prompting her to respond: 'i'm so relieved' however she still faces charges over a threesome she had with the same student at Destrehan high school
inside Harley street is in an affluent part of london and it's famed for attracting business from those who don't have to consider the cost. some of the patients who show up at the clinics on the street, like Michael Pulman, have spent £7,500 on a hair transplant.
man believed to be from mozambique was taken to a hospital in Johannesburg where he passed away. despite making 30 arrests overnight, police are struggling to subdue machete-wielding gangs who ransacked immigrant-owned shops. many families in the city who now fear for their lives have abandoned their homes and fled to a makeshift refugee camp. president Jacob Zuma has called for an end to the'shocking and unacceptable' attacks on immigrants.
sisters Destiny Cooke, 16, and Lajahia Cooke, 17, were brutally kicked, punched, stomped and shoved around by a crowd of people in a new jersey park. people can be heard laughing throughout the video and chanting 'they gettin' busy!' or 'let her get her!' and Destiny has been left with a bald spot after someone grabbed a chunk of her hair.
a recent survey by the British Heart Foundation showed two fifths of parents are badgered by their children each week to buy food after seeing it advertised on tv. the charity has delivered a 30,000 strong petition asking the government to ban junk food adverts from being shown before the 9pm watershed.
labour's deputy leader insisted they were only'standing up for people at the top' shared breakfast TV sofa with Chancellor over the fact they both went to the same private school. in the 1980s, Mr Osborne attended a place for a pupil boarding costs £10,800-a-year.
manifesto includes proposals for foreign policy, welfare payments and energy bills. slash tuition fees in england from £9,000 a year to £6,000 and roll back competition in the english NHS.
a neo-nazi stood up to a swastika-tattooed neo-nazi with his hands clenched in rage. the incident occurred during a protest against the 'islamisation' of australia. a number of men with shaved heads and tattoos of the swastika appeared at the event and attempted to start a fight with anti-racism protesters.
in recent years, visits to the nuclear explosion site have increased exponentially. in 1986, Reactor 4 in the Chernobyl power plant exploded, sending radioactive particles into the air above the city of Pripyat, north of Kiev. visitors are banned from touching anything, eating or drinking any food or beverage that does not come from outside the zone. however, day trips - and even overnight stays - are now permitted.
Nathan Brown, 19, was working with his father, an experienced electrician, at the time. he apparently touched a set of electrical bars powering a crane. the shock caused him to fall 12ft head first onto the roof of a toilet block. he was airlifted to hospital but later died of his injuries.
rangers in the Kenyan reserve of Ol Pojeta risk their lives to protect rhino. the 43-year-old rhino is the last chance for any future northern white rhino calves. he spent most of his life in a zoo in the Czech Republic.
those who enjoy the festival pay an average of £187 per day. Tomorrowland costs its visitors £186 per day. the likes of alessandra ambrosio and Brooklyn Beckham pay the highest.
friends of 16-year-old said she 'just wanted to be with her mum' on friday. miss Owen died after being struck by a train close to Hoylake station, Wirral. police said the death was not being treated as suspicious.
photographer John Daniels, 61, from Dunsfold in Surrey, has decades of experience working with animals. he used clean white studio backgrounds and comedy props to capture the heart-warming shots. his snaps are perfect way to celebrate National Pet Day, which takes place tomorrow.
Nicola said the 'direction of travel' was towards independence. but pm warned nationalists would use a labour government to break up the union and punish other nations. 'only a Conservative vote in your local constituency will keep Ed Miliband and the SNP out,' he said.
Kevin Bollaert, 28, was convicted in february of 21 counts of identity theft and six counts of extortion. he ran a website called ugotposted.com that published naked photos of women sent in anonymously by people wanting to hurt them. people who sought to have the explicit images removed were directed to changemyreputation.com and charged $250 to $350 to remove the racy content. the compromising photos cost people jobs, damaged relationships and led to one attempted suicide
fashion designer Georgina Chapman, 38, said she does not want the accusations tied to ambra Battilana and her husband to further embarrass their children.'she's furious. she thinks it's embarrassing not only to her but to their kids,' said the socialite who worked with the couple.
Danielle and Alexander Meitiv have been cited multiple times for allowing their son Rafi, 10, and daughter Dvora, 6, roam free in their suburban neighborhood. but they say authorities crossed a line when they picked them up and held them nearly six hours without food before allowing them to reunite with their parents. attorney Matthew Dowd, of the firm wiley rein, is representing the Meitivs and has sent a ointed letter regarding Sunday's events.
the Shoe that Grows uses adjustable buckles and a strap on the toe to expand by five sizes. pressure sensors in the shoe tell it when your foot is in position, triggering a tiny motor in the heel that pulls the laces tight. when you want to take off the shoes, click your heels together twice and the motor will release a spring in the shoe’s tongue.
'this company and all that you stand for were among the greatest joys of his life,' said his son. Taubman's business success spanned from real estate and art houses to the hot dog-serving A&W restaurant chain.
chancey Allen Luna, 17, was found guilty of first-degree murder in the august 16, 2013 death of australian college baseball player Christopher Lane. the jury recommended that Luna be sentenced to life in prison without parole. defense lawyers acknowledged that Luna fired the fatal shot from a passing car that he was riding in, but contended that he meant only to scare Lane.
the NSW State Emergency Service anticipates calls across the Sydney metropolitan, Hunter and Illawarra regions with winds of up to 100km/h. winds averaging 55 to 70 km/h with gusts to about 100 km/h are set to develop in Sydney, the Hunter and Illawarra on Monday afternoon and evening. rainfall could be 40-60mm across most of those areas, with up to 100mm in some places.
love blossomed between emaciated inmate and one of the soldiers sent to arrest her SS guards. but the love blossomed because of the generosity and kindness of the camp's British commander Major Leonard Berney. this week survivors and liberators of the notorious Bergen-Belsen camp in northern germany gathered to commemorate the day British soldiers entered its gates.
only a handful of traditional flowers still grow in english country gardens. average garden usually contains a mere four species - daffodils, crocuses, roses and tulips. Almost 40 per cent of people spend more time sunbathing and having barbecues in their garden than tending it.
coach erupted into flames on busy interchange at the motorway this morning. fire destroyed the coach and is believed to have started in the engine compartment. fire crews spent an hour trying to douse the flames from the vehicle.
the parents of Jessica Cleland are campaigning for anti-bullying laws to be taken more seriously. the 19-year-old took her own life on Easter weekend last year. she received messages from two teenage boys she considered friends saying that they hated her, and that she was a 'f***ing sook' her parents said that her social media accounts were flooded with horrible sentiments the night before she died.
video shows one-year-old cat playing volleyball with 15-year-old. her owner uploaded clips of her playing the sport to facebook. the 30-second-video was shared by thousands around the world.
Lorraine Kelly, 55, has dropped two dress sizes, from a 14 to a 10. she attended regular Zumba classes up to four times a week. the breakfast tv star also revealed her excitement about her new weight loss.
damon Albarn said modern pop stars are part of a'selfie generation' that sings about platitudes. the 47-year-old said they could be using their music to make political statements in the run up to the general election.
prospect of a Labour government reliant on the Scottish Nationalists would create the ‘greatest uncertainty’ of any election result. inevitable ‘anti-austerity’ agenda could lead to an ‘earlier bank rate hike than was previously the case’, the bank argued. second major bank, goldman Sachs, also raised concerns about the same outcome on may 7.
a new study has revealed the changing habits of British weddings. religious services have fallen out of favour and brides are opting for bold colours. registry offices have seen an increase in bookings by two thirds. spending on weddings as a whole is increasing, outpacing economic growth.
entertainer, 87, said watching first wife suffer with dementia convinced him of need for a change in the law. he said it could be'more cruel to do nothing' than to let someone die. his first wife, Penny Calvert, was moved into a care home with dementia in 2008, and he helped to nurse her until she died last year.
barrister, 43, said to have caused a loss of £23,000 to Chiltern Railways. he travelled from his Oxfordshire home to London Marylebone. but he pretended to have only gone from wembley, in north west London. argues that he only dodged up to £9,714.40 in fares.
asda’s Piri Piri Chicken Pasta Salad contains 46.5g of fat. this is more than the 43.3g found in a Burger King Bacon and Cheese Whopper. a 624-calorie Brie and Bacon Panini from Caffè Nero comes in at more than 100 calories higher than a 518-calorie McDonald’s Quarter Pounder with Cheese.
modern family actress, 39, has filed a lawsuit in a bid to prevent her from destroying two cryopreserved female embryos created through IVF, according to a new report. court documents, filed under pseudonyms Jane and John Doe, detail how the couple fertilized embryos using her eggs and his sperm six months before their split in November 2013. it is claimed that, previously, the pair twice had eggs implanted in a surrogate, but the procedure failed
italian artist Johannes Stoetter has painted two naked models to look like a chameleon. he daubed water-based body paint on the naked models to create the multicoloured effect. the 37-year-old intertwined them to form the shape of a chameleon.
Olivia Marie, Ava Lane, Hazel Grace, Parker Kate and Riley Paige are all still in an incubator at Houston's Woman's Hospital of Texas. delivered in only four minutes via c-section, it is the nation's first all-girl quintuplets since 1969.
young fan giggled in delight when he met his hero at a star wars convention. he was dressed in a t-shirt and had merchandise fixed to his wheelchair. as he made his way down the corridor the robot follows him. he is then heard giggling loudly and uncontrollably as other children watch.
the USS Theodore Roosevelt and the USS Normandy left the Persian Gulf on sunday and are steaming through the Arabian sea. they are believed to be joining other ships that are poised to intercept any Iranian ships carrying weapons to the Houthi rebels fighting in Yemen.
the toyal Lotus technology is inspired by the water-repellent nature of a lotus leaf. it uses microscopic bumps to stop liquids from sticking to lids. the amount of yoghurt that sticks to lids worldwide is the equivalent to the volume of yoghurt consumed in africa.
Dwayne Harvard, 46, has been charged with simple assault, aggravated assault, reckless endangerment and DUI. he claims he was 'fearing' for his life and for his girlfriend, Anna Mazzetti, so he took off out of his driveway. he struck the man, 36-year-old Steven Sutton, with his 2002 Ford explorer, and he clung to the hood. 'if he had a gun, he could shoot
the giant arrows were placed at the base of lit beacons near airways, showing pilots the direction they needed to fly in. after world war one, the US Postal Service began to use surplus war planes for mail delivery. the arrows define a moment in history at the beginning of the 21st century when the postal service began delivering air mail.
'if my mother taught me anything, it's that this is the most desperate demand that a parent can make on a child,' he wrote in his recently released book. but after years, he realized that his mother and family members were different - especially when money became involved. instead of selling her old house, like he advised, Buchanon's mother rented it to his aunt. this left Buchanon paying for mortgage and maintenance payments for both houses for seven years.
some ice cream vendors say they have had their busiest April ever. the mercury is predicted to soar to 21C (70F) tomorrow. forecasters warn people to make the most of it before the weather turns for the worse.
polished evergreen foliage provides a great contrast to brightly coloured flowers. camellias are easy to grow, but picky about soil. you can give them free rein or prune to keep them compact.
number of deaths will rise by 20 per cent over the next two decades. funeral costs have already risen by 80 per cent over the past ten years. young people will still be under money pressure even after their deaths.
the duffel bag was found near a building used by biotechnology company Biogen Inc. and a block from a police station. video surveillance of the area led police to an apartment complex across the street where additional human remains were found in a common area. all of the remains are believed to belong to one person, whose death is being treated as a homicide.
the ten houses in australia that won't sell after being on the market for up to two years have been revealed. this includes a one-bedroom home in Oberon, central west of NSW, which was listed 800 days ago for $299,000. a property in Kincumber, north of Sydney, went from $889,000 to a 55 per cent cut. in southern Tasmania, a four-bedroom property has seen a 45 per cent decrease in its asking price since it was listed for $1.5 million 247
Diane Morris, 46, is engaged to father-of-40 Mike Holpin, 56. he boasted of having children with 20 different women. she claims the two have a 'great sex life' and trusts him 'completely'.
luxury concierge service, Bluefish, is offering the chance to dive 12,500ft below the surface of the sea. tour takes in sights like the famous grand staircase, the ship's huge anchors and the Marconi Room, from which the world's first SOS was broadcast. more than 40 people have so far booked the trip to the Atlantic ocean depths.
5 children arrested after 623 fires ravaged 600 acres of fields and woodland. fire crews in south Wales say they have been stretched to breaking point. 'unprecedented' scale of destruction blamed on gangs of youngsters.
the migratory bird was spotted near the coastal city of Limassol. normally, the graceful birds have a pink hue caused by beto-Carotene. experts believe it could be the only flamingo of its kind in the world.
the oldest active pilot is a 95-year-old man living in Cameron Park, California. according to Guinness, Weber was a flight cadet in 1943 and retired as a Lieutenant Colonel in 1970. he also served as a Korean War flight instructor.
a 14-year-old boy from blackburn, lancashire was arrested on saturday. he allegedly communicated with an australian man over a planned attack. five men from Melbourne were arrested over the alleged plot on anzac day.
plane's left engine scraped along the runway in Khajuraho, india. crew ordered an evacuation after the plane came to a stop. passengers slid down the plane's inflatable evacuation slides to safety.
the car left a parking lot at the Ports O' Call entertainment area of San Pedro shortly after 6pm and ran off the road at Berth 73 of the Port of Los Angeles. the car traveled some distance before lurching into the harbor, where it landed upside down in about 30 feet of water. two adults were found swimming in the water when rescuers arrived.
deep brain stimulation (DBS) is already used to treat Parkinson's disease. 'pacemaker' fitted with electrodes is inserted into the brain through holes drilled in the skull. electrodes send electrical impulses to specific parts of the brain. study found rats performed better in memory tests after 24 hours.
fashion designer Alannah Hill was diagnosed with an invasive malignant melanoma. she broke her foot after attempting to shoo her dog out of the way and went to the doctor who spotted a tiny freckle on her fourth toe of her left foot. she has had part of her toe removed and a skin graft from her inner thigh. after about a week doctors will decide if she needs more treatment.
families say they are being 'held to ransom' by gangs of yobs. blatantly carry air rifles and BB guns through high green estate. residents claim one woman who confronted youths was shot at.
red wine is red because of pigments known as anthocyanins, which are alcohol soluble. when higher concentrations of clear alcohol, such as gin, vodka or white rum, are poured onto the stain, the colours dissolve into the liquid rather than drying into the carpet. vinegar is so good at removing mineral deposits on glass, and spit tackles stubborn food stains in your kitchen.
parents of nine children involved in plots to travel to Syria should have identities hidden. they include three terror suspects who have all previously been named. also among parents are couple who lied to authorities about losing daughter's passport. critics argue parents should be named because they could be extremists.
the 25-year-old victim had fallen unconscious after a night of drinking. he ended the night at the pub where he fell asleep on a sofa. the victim woke at around 3am to find coyne raping him. the 56-year-old was convicted of rape and engaging in sexual activity.
cereal giant warns profits could be hit by government moves to close tax loopholes. its two main UK subsidiaries are owned by an operation based in the republic of ireland.
at the height of her anorexia, she would live on just 10 calories a day. she would go for up to three days without eating a single thing. after years of turmoil, she was finally admitted to an eating disorder clinic. after making a full recovery, she is now a healthy size 8 and studying graphics at university.
two 18-month-old twins, Eli and Silas Keslar, died after falling into a canal in Yuma, ariz. on friday. their mother, Alexis Keslar, tried to swat away a bee and let go of their stroller, but the strong current swept them away. authorities in the southern town officially identified the victims, but a Go Fund Me page was set up for the parents. the fund to cover memorial and medical costs for the
defiant 61-year-old former pm said he had 'decades' still in him. he joked that he would 'turn to drink' if he ever stepped down. he said his latest ambition is to recruit former heads of government.
Manuel Garza Jr. received a lethal injection of pentobarbital for killing San Antonio Police Officer John 'Rocky' Riojas in 2001. he is the sixth convicted murderer to be put to death in Texas this year.
'it's not like a choice. it's like I was drafted,' said the 63-year-old star. 'i would have all of you surrounding my house like villagers, angry villagers with lightsabers instead of torches,' he joked.
Joel Wilkinson was diagnosed with Duchenne Muscular Dystrophy six months ago. his parents, Emma, 33, and Chris, 36, noticed he was struggling to walk. they were left devastated when tests revealed he had the incurable condition. he will eventually need a wheelchair and has a life expectancy of just 20. his sister, Phoebe, five, adores him and cares for him as much as possible. she plays only'muscle friendly' games
National Grid has revealed the UK's first new pylon for nearly 90 years. called the T-pylon it is a third shorter than the old lattice pylons. but it is able to carry just as much power - 400,000 volts. it is designed to be less obtrusive and will be used for clean energy purposes. the design is a T-shape, with two 'earrings' attached to each pylon.
the tech giant announced a new focus on using paper from trees harvested under environmentally sound conditions. as part of the deal, apple has pledged an unspecified amount of money for a Virginia-based nonprofit, the Conservation Fund, to purchase two large tracts of timberland on the east coast. the initiatives come as the tech giant this year met a self-imposed goal of powering all its U.S. operations with renewable energy to reduce carbon emissions.
prison guard identified as 30-year-old ironwoman competitor. Kieran Loveridge killed one-punch victim Thomas Kelly in 2012. he was moved to goulburn supermax prison because he had an 'improper relationship' with a female officer. the 21-year-old is thought to have had a relationship with port macquarie woman.
Katie Prager, 24, was diagnosed with an infection in her lungs in 2009. she is desperately in need of a transplant as doctors predicted she would not live a year without new lungs. her husband, dalton, 23, who has already received new lungs, is pleading for help as her insurance company, Kentucky Medicaid, will not pay for the out-of-state treatment she needs at the university of Pittsburgh medical center. 'they are turning my wife into a number, a statistic, a dollar
vera Maresova, 50, confessed to killing five women and one man over four years. she was initially arrested over death of 70-year-old woman last august. but she has now admitted killing five more people between 2010 and 2014.
Solomon Khoorban, 33, raped a 16-year-old in a west end nightclub in 2003. he then raped a 32-year-old woman at knifepoint in greenwich, south east london. he then forced his victim to wait in the VIP area for at least 30 minutes. he then punched her so hard in the face that she was knocked unconscious. he then ordered her to wait in the VIP area for at
cabin crew are given a bed each and some privacy during long-haul flights. each bunk is equipped with a personal service unit (PSU) offering crew with individual comfort features such as in-flight entertainment and air conditioning.
Kristen Lindsey, 31, from Brenham, allegedly hunted the animal down and shot it with a bow believing it was feral. but a local rescue center say the cat, believed to be called Tiger, was domesticated and had been missing for around two weeks. staff at the clinic have since said they are 'absolutely appalled, shocked, upset, and disgusted by the conduct'
the mayor of new york is allegedly entering the race as a 'leftist' alternative to her, according to a source within the democratic party. this claims come in the wake of a television appearance last week, just hours before Clinton announced her candidacy. de Blasio's bid for presidency is backed by the Working Families Party, and he hopes that left-leaning 'progressive activists' will join them in supporting him over the coming months.
boy, 13, pleaded guilty to stabbing 53-year-old Christopher Barry twice in the chest. he pulled a knife from his rucksack and stabbed him as he got into a lift. the boy became enraged when he wouldn't let him and his friends into block. he was jailed for 11 years at the old court after pleading guilty to murder.
zipporah Lisle-Mainwaring accused of ordering dramatic overnight paint job 'to get her own back' critics in her west London neighbourhood said the redesign was driving them'mad' and likened her to 'a child throwing a tantrum'
cell phone footage has emerged appearing to show actor Dennis Quaid having a diva-esque meltdown on the set of his latest movie. the video shows Quaid – famed for roles in blockbusters such as Wyatt Earp, Any Given Sunday and the day after tomorrow – losing the plot after someone appears to wander into his line of sight. 'this is the most unprofessional set I have ever been on. this is horse s**t!' he screams.
researchers sketching out a 'wiring diagram' for rat brains have discovered its structure is organized like the Internet. 'the cerebral cortex is like a mini-Internet,' said professor at the USC Dornsife college of Letters, Arts and Sciences.
the festival attracts more than 30,000 visitors to its idyllic venue in a Wiltshire field. it boasts more than 140 speakers, a stunning air show and ‘living history’ re-enactments over seven days.
nonsuch high school for girls sacked for 'inappropriate' and 'unprofessional' behaviour. first male headteacher at all-girls grammar school sacked for 'unprofessional' behaviour. he was fired due to'serious breaches' in safeguarding procedures. school counts singer Katie Melua among its alumnae.
Ethan Czahor has launched ‘Clear’ which removes any posts that cause problems with your current or future employer. users can search for keywords such as ‘gay’, ‘black’ or swear words. program deletes any tweet that mentions them. in February, he was fired from his job as a chief technology officer for the former florida governor and potential 2016 presidential candidate.
online profile named quetzalcoalt identifies himself as a person named Vincent who loves videogames. he also writes scripts for a science fiction series titled 'Secret endangered'. he is accused of killing popular teacher Stephanie Scott on Easter Sunday. the 24-year-old has been charged with her murder.
Jeremy Clarkson was sacked from top gear in march after attacking a producer. he has not publicly addressed his dismissal, apart from to say 'everyone's upset'. but the presenter today said he would'miss being there' fronting the show. it emerged that former presenter angela Rippon would be keen to return.
Louise Shepherd, 31, was hiking through the remote madidi national park. she had taken a 'gap year' off work to go travelling around the world. a tree toppled onto her during a storm in the north-western part of the country. her grief-stricken parents said they were left having to choose a burial plot.
the 18-year-old was hit over the head 20 times with a rock and dragged into a garden to be brutally raped by a man at a bus stop in the beston area of Leeds. police have come across CCTV footage that shows the man following three other potential victims earlier on the same night. one woman was forced to flee from the man by bus after walking to her car in the city centre, ending up miles away from where she was going. a third woman can be seen
the opening of the championships has been postponed due to wild weather. officials said it was too risky to race on the wet surface. the $10 million program has been moved to Monday allowing racegoers to use the ticket they purchased for the weekend event.
the two men will have a substantive 'discussion' tomorrow at a regional summit the two men are attending this weekend in Panama. it will be the first time in more than 50 years that leaders from the previously estranged countries will have had a lengthy in-person exchange. a white house official today told reporters traveling with the administration, 'i can confirm that President Obama spoke with President Castro on Wednesday, before President Obama departed Washington'
it has been almost a month since an italian model accused movie executive Harvey Weinstein of groping her. on wednesday he and his designer wife Georgina Chapman were spotted out together for the first time since the alleged incident. the couple attended the premiere of his new Broadway play finding neverland in new york city. the play, which stars Matthew Morrison and Kelsey Grammer, received disastrous reviews from critics.
the 18-year-old was re-arrested after his preventative detention order was removed. he has now been charged with 'conspiracy to commit acts done in preparation for, or planning, terrorist acts' police insider claims the men planned to run over a police officer and then kill him with a knife.
series of model letters drawn up with carefully pre-crafted messages. designed to woo voters with just 28 days to go before the election. women told they are 'vital to the success of the British economy' pensioners praised for their 'wealth of experience'
the chef makes a mini strawberry cake complete with frosting, sprinkles and strawberries. using a tiny cutter, he cuts out a circle of bread and flattens it out. he then opens a small fridge from which he removes one strawberry. he then squiggles frosting all over the mini cake.
bodies of four alleged attackers paraded in front of large crowd at primary school. survivor Cynthia Cheroitich, 19, rescued after al-Shabaab gunmen stormed building. she spent two days hiding in wardrobe and drinking body lotion to survive.
daphne, 86, has starred in a new campaign for vans and & other stories. the 'world's oldest supermodel' has teamed up with Flo dron, 22. the collection is a twist on the classic vans slip on.
Elena Curtin of Portland, Oregon, was seven-months pregnant when she was charged with second-degree assault. she struck her boyfriend's ex in the head and arm with a crowbar in November 2014. when she came home, she found her boyfriend's ex-girlfriend shooting heroin while sitting on her toilet. when she asked her to leave and the woman refused, Curtin beat her with a crowbar.
the monarch was spotted crossing her fingers in the royal box. unfortunately for her, her horse was narrowly pipped to the post. she was left to rue missed chances after her horse Capel Path came in third.
'i think I have been universally short-tempered and testy with both male and female reporters. I'll own up to that,' the Kentucky senator said yesterday. the confession summed up the freshman lawmaker's second day as an official 2016 contestant - a bumpy ride that has so far included a confrontation with the chairwoman of the democratic party over late-term abortion.
Graham Leonard hijacked a plane's tannoy system while drunk to sing karaoke. he then caused an airport to be evacuated after setting off the fire alarm. the 46-year-old admitted endangering the aircraft and its passengers.
WCCO This Morning reporter Ashley Roberts' boyfriend, Justin McCray, surprised her with an engagement ring of her own.
the tiny home is sandwiched between two double fronted properties on a leafy street in Islington, north London. it has two-bedrooms, a tiny study, reception room, shower room, cloakroom, kitchen and a garden. at its widest, it stretches across 8ft 8in - almost double the price it sold for in 2001. buyer will have to pay £27,000 in stamp duty - the same as a second-hand narrow boat which is 50
new york teen Daria Rose lost everything in hurricane sandy and has been accepted to seven Ivy League schools. the 18-year-old immersed herself in her studies after she and her family lost everything -- including their home -- when the superstorm hit in 2012. a college essay about her experience helped Rose secure a spot in Yale, Harvard, Princeton, Dartmouth, University of Pennsylvania, Cornell, and Brown.
the cardboard gnome featured alongside a host of celebrities on the 1967 album cover. it was signed by all four band members following the shoot. the gnome was given to a photography assistant as a souvenir by the band. it emerged for sale 50 years after the album was released.
two of its members slaved away baking enough cakes to feed 5,000 women. idea was that members would find a box of centenary cake on their seats. but organisers were astonished to be told the gesture would incur a'sampling charge' of £2,500 because the centenary cake has fallen foul of the Hall's sponsorship rules.
town halls have failed to recalibrate some of 100,000 ticket machines. drivers without old coins must use £1 and two 20p pieces for £1.25 hour's parking. council also charges £1.85 for an hour and £3.10 for two hours and 30 minutes. experts fear problem could become even worse when new 12-sided pound coin is released in 2017.
Victor Agbafe, 17, is a student at Cape Fear Academy in Wilmington. he could go to Stanford or Duke because he was accepted at those prestigious institutions as well. on facebook, he describes himself as a 'passionate, honest, open-minded individual'
Michigan Micro Mote is the smallest computer in the world, measuring less than 2mm across. contains solar cells that power the battery with ambient light, including indoor rooms with no natural sunlight, allowing the computers to run perpetually. by strobing light at a high frequency, the operator is able to send information to the computer.
Wellington put on one hell of a show last weekend for its inaugural CubaDupa festival. the colourful party shut down streets and spanned several blocks. thousands of locals and tourists drew in for the contagious and frenetic festivities.
former mob enforcer in rhode island with ties to late new england crime boss Raymond L.S. Patriarca has died in a federal prison in north carolina. his nephew, Kevin Ouimette Lynch, says his uncle was recently diagnosed with lung cancer and died in his sleep at a prison in butner, north carolina. Ouimette 'ran' the federal prison in north carolina in the 1970s and even had booze, drugs and lobster
boy, 14, held in blackburn after police examined electronic devices and raided house. girl, 16, arrested after police raided house in longsight, in same investigation. both were bailed until may 28.
police were led to the site where Stephanie Scott's remains were found by the family of her accused killer, it has been revealed. the 26-year-old's burnt remains were discovered in cocoparra national park north of Griffith, NSW on friday evening. it has also emerged that one of the last actions of the Leeton school teacher was to send an email to the bus company hired for her wedding. her body has now been transported to a morgue in Sydney to undergo forensic testing.
92-year-old and 75-year-old friend were at lunch club meeting in swindon, wiltshire. would-be robber appeared from behind fence and rammed them with her scooter. sprightly 92-year-old says: 'i saw him look into my basket and I said: 'Oh no you don't!''
scientists at the Niels Bohr Institute at the university of Copenhagen have measured how big the glaciers are, and their similarity to glaciers on Earth. if all ice were to be spread across the surface of Mars, the entire planet would be covered in more than 3.3ft (one metre)
dusan Bako, 18, flew into a rage after he tried to call the teenager's phone. he put his arm around the back of the girl's neck and with the other clenched his fist and repeatedly punched the victim in the stomach. one horrified witness who saw the attack said Bako hit the girl 'like a boxer' before she was taken to hospital where she later miscarried their child.
no more than 44 per cent of the former secretary of state's twitter fan base consists of real people who are active in using the social media platform. at least 15 per cent – more than 544,000 – are completely fake. just 4 per cent of president Barack Obama's twitter followers are considered fake.
the ring has what appears to be a family crest and engraved with a heartwarming message: 'Darling Joe, Happy 70th Birthday 2009, Love Jenny' the ring was found at the Finns Beach Club in Bali on Tuesday. the ring has since been returned to its' owner.
Olivia Bazlinton, 13, and Charlotte Thompson, 14, died at level crossing in 2005. friends were using unlocked footpath crossing to catch a service to. Cambridge. they were struck by a through train bound for Stansted airport. an inquest returned verdicts of accidental death - but it later emerged that crucial safety reports had not been disclosed to coroner.
video footage shows a white ball being rolled down a positioned cue. it then bounces off one side of the red-clothed table and hits the first in a long line of dominoes. one by one the small counters fall down, tapping balls into pockets as they go.
the former secretary of state gave details of her daughter's pregnancy in a new epilogue for her memoir, hard Choices, released just days before she is expected to announce her presidential run. in the new chapter, she suggested that the birth of her granddaughter made her think about the future of all children and had motivated her political plans. in 2014, she and her husband got the 'wonderful news' that their daughter Chelsea and her investment banker husband Marc Mezvinsky were expecting a baby.
teacher Carol Chandler, 53, is accused of indecently assaulting a boy in 1980s. she was charged as part of the metropolitan police’s operation winthorpe. five people have been charged by officers from investigating child sex abuse.
David Totton, 36, admitted driving a hired white Peugeot RCZ into club doors. he was walking through city centre when he saw a friend having an argument. he went over to act as 'peace-maker' but was told nobody else was allowed in. he knocked on the door and asked bouncers to come out to prevent an altercation. but when he refused he calmly walked back to his car and climbed inside. he then
anarda de la caridad perez friman, 37, allegedly stabbed family in Gibraltar. she is said to have been'suffering from post-natal depression', police say. the couple's six-week-old baby and her daughter, four, were found dead. police believe perez Friman suffered a 'psychotic incident' as a result.
children's cookbook guru Annabel Karmel has slammed Pete Evans' controversial bone broth recipe in his book 'Bubba Yum Yum - The Paleo Way' she says it goes against everything nutritionists and child health experts would advise. 'the baby won't have any nutrition they need - it’s entirely dangerous and I would definitely not advise that,' she said.
the foreign minister wore a black headscarf during a meeting with Iranian president Hassan Rouhani and her counterpart Mohammad Javad Zarif. social media lit up as those from both sides of the debate weighed in on whether Bishop was right to cover her head in keeping with local custom.
Ana Elizondo made headlines in 2012 after she was kidnapped from a parking lot as she was leaving a night class at the University of Texas, Pan American. she was blindfolded and transported through several cars as her abductors made a failed attempt to cross the Mexican border. she escaped the hands of her captors the following day unharmed and said she tried to keep in good spirits for much of the time she was kidnapped.
Larry Reid was arrested for DUI about 12:40 p.m. Monday on U.S. Highway 95 near the edge of Boulder City city limits. also charged with battery of a police officer, driving across a median, resisting arrest, not wearing a seat belt and possession of a gun while under the influence of alcohol.
Lance Corporal Leonard Keysor, 30, fought in the trenches at Lone Pine in anzac cove on the shores of turkey during world war one. he was awarded the VC for his 48-hour effort where he threw live iron grenades back at the enemy. his grand niece, Keira Quinn Lockyer, said her great uncle was a humble man who did not think he did anything special.
Valerie Rutty, 60, altered invoices by increasing prices of work she had commissioned. then paid difference between actual sums into own bank account by cheque. stole almost £3,500 from fund raised by parents, teachers and pupils. cash collected by children aged three to 11 and their families. it would help pay for extra-curricular days out and gym equipment.
Dame Barbara was accused of gagging whistleblower who tried to warn about impact of targets on ordinary patients. she was investigated by the general medical council, which concluded that there was no case to answer. but it is now reviewing part of this decision and is appointing an independent expert to consider if the original investigation went 'far enough' in respect of patient safety.
the £18-a-bottle wine is produced at the couple's Provence vineyard. wine spectator ranked it at number 84 in its list of the top 100 wines of 2013. it has sold previously in the uk through specialist wine merchants. but marks and spencer is the first to offer it up on the high street.
39% of voters now say they will back the conservatives compared to 33% for labour. shock poll, published this afternoon, comes after tories unveiled pledge to scrap inheritance tax on family homes worth up to £1million.
the 56-year-old pop star posted a photo of former prime minister on Instagram. she quickly deleted it after receiving dozens of abusive messages. some of her fans took umbrage to the photo and said she had gone 'a step too far'
branded painkillers just using 'clever marketing' to make patients spend more. some manufacturers simply use the same pills in different packaging. the over-the-counter medicines market is worth £2.5 billion.
terrier barked at Joseph Devaney, 23, and Kieron Rolstron, 22, last year. they burst into the home of a young couple and demanded money. but devaney brought down the machete on the animal's head to stop it barking. he then made off in the victims' car before slamming the dog across the head. devaney and Rolstron were jailed for aggravated burglary and vehicle taking.
Sheriff Mbye died in hospital two hours after he suffered multiple stab wounds. police were called to a KFC restaurant in northfield, Birmingham, shortly after 5pm yesterday after reports of a stabbing. when officers arrived they found a 19-year-old with stab wounds in a barber shop being tended to by customers. an 18-year-old man from Birmingham has been arrested on suspicion of murder.
62-year-old man was mowing grass outside his property in Wattisham, Suffolk. machine toppled down a bank into the water and trapped him underneath. his family managed to drag him from pond and made frantic efforts to save him.
Jessica Hardy, 23, from Hereford, was so desperate to remove her former flame's name from her forearm when she met her new man, Ryan, she tried to burn it off with acid. mother-of-one said she couldn't afford laser removal surgery to have the tattoo removed so when she heard about acid peels for the skin, she thought she had an ideal solution. but instead of removing her tattoo as she hoped, Jessica's dangerous DIY treatment gave her chemical burns.
Jessica Edgeington, 33, of Villa Rica, Georgia, was a skilled diver known for a type of high-speed sport called'swooping' where divers speed down to land and sweep over buoys and other obstacles on the surface of a pond as competition. she died after plummeting to the ground at the skydive center in DeLand, Florida. it is unclear what type of dive Edgeinton was maneuvering, but she appears to have run into a problem in the air.
an archive of documents donated by the convicted bomber's lead attorney fills 550 file cabinet-sized boxes at the Briscoe Center for American History at the university of texas. the estimated one million pages of paper documents from Stephen Jones now fill 550 file cabinet-sized boxes. the trove, which was delivered to the school where the attorney received his undergraduate degree in three phases since 1998, only became fully organized late last year.
father reveals his daughter became hooked on drugs after buying them in playground. he warns that Class A drugs are widely available to children and urges schools and police to get tough. he has written an open letter to his local authority, south Gloucestershire pleading for action to combat'serious drug problem'
the black-and-white clip has clocked up over 1.25 million views in under a week. it shows the boys approach a busdriver and a 7-Eleven clerk. they then go in search of a singer before they stumble upon a mystery runner. the mystery runner then launches into a moving melody.
a guest list of 120 people had been invited to Stephanie and her fiance Aaron Leeson-Woolley's wedding at the picturesque Eat Your Greens venue. the venue is 2km outside the tiny town of Eugowra, in new south wales' central west region. but on Saturday, the wedding venue was locked up and the car park was empty and silent, with only the sound of crickets and toads.
Amanda burleigh convinced clamping the cord within seconds of birth was wrong. doctors and midwives have clamped the cord within seconds of birth. feared the drug - replaced with a safer substitute - could harm the baby. but she believed it was unnatural to clamp the cord when it was still visibly pulsating.
when she became the first daughter of the united states of america, she was just a twelve-year-old with a full head of frizzy curls. but over the years, as she has grown up, her curls began to fade, appearing more and more controlled, before eventually vanishing completely. now, in a candid interview with Elle magazine, Chelsea has finally revealed just what happened to her much-loved ringlets. insisting that, far from being an intentional style change, her once-
each tomb was filled with bones of up to 60 mummies, with infants kept in small containers, and others repeatedly ripped to pieces. archaeologists have so far opened up seven of the tombs, recovering 171 broken mummies from the ancient ceremonial site known as Tenahaha. the mummies in the tombs ranged in age from several days old to the elderly. but over the years rats had eaten away many of the remains, leaving only fragments.
darien, a town of 21,000 with a median household income of $200,000, is 94 per cent white, with 620 Hispanic residents and fewer than 100 blacks. property developer Christopher Stefanoni, 50, says his son was kicked off his team and put in a lower-ranking one. he says his son threatened the town's overwhelmingly white ethnic makeup. the town and the Little League both deny that the goings-on of the Little League and Stefanoni'
Doug Gregory, 92, had popped out for his daily newspaper when he was hit. he suffered a serious head injury and was flown to hospital but died two weeks later. he was awarded the Distinguished Flying Cross for his gallantry in 69 missions.
there were at least three reports of people trying to release gopher tortoises in the ocean because they were mistaken for sea turtles. while people were concerned that the tortoise hatchlings would get eaten by predators, tortoises are unable to swim like the sea turtle. gopher tortoises are protected by Florida law and sea turtles are on Florida's endangered species or threatened survival list.
university of Cambridge scientist has revealed his green source of energy. by using just moss he is able to generate enough power to run a clock. he said panels of plant material could power appliances in our homes. and the technology could help farmers grow crops where electricity is scarce.
gang of four held up a cash-and-carry in a stolen car on the motorway last year. they attempted to flee on foot along the busy motorway slip road. dramatic chase was captured on camera by a police helicopter. footage shows the gang jumping out of their stolen car when they realise they were boxed in and fleeing on foot. officers managed to arrest the robbers but had to use CS spray when one of the men produced a baton and threatened police
church elder was given power of attorney over her dying friend's finances. she later became a carer for her 87-year-old victim, who was battling breast cancer. but she helped herself to at least £1,500 and used the money to finance trips to north Wales. she was handed a 12-month suspended jail sentence at bolton crown court.
police say 35-year-old Donnell Graham fatally shot his wife, Shaquana Graham, 33, and another man in a room at the quality inn in springettsbury Township. the 33-year-old woman was found shot in the head while the other man, 25-year-old Kristopher Pittman, had been killed by gunshots to the chest. a guest staying in the room next door heard the gunshots and reported seeing a bullet hole in the glass.
at least 15 Fortune 500 companies, many of them worth north of a $1 billion, paid zero income taxes in 2014, says a report out last week from the Citizens for Tax Justice. according to the report, household names like CBS, General Electric and Mattel all successfully manipulated the tax code to avoid paying taxes on their massive profits. some of them even received tax rebates in the tens or even hundreds of millions.
polls suggest the election will be too close to call. the latest ICM poll for the Guardian had the tories ahead on 34%. labour were down one point on 32% while the tories were unchanged on 34%.
footage shows the seven-day-old foal nuzzling Sunny Bayne's shoulder before pushing her to the ground and lying on top of her belly. the young rider from Kentucky can't stop smiling at the animal's silly antics.
clare Else's husband was knifed more than 200 times by paranoid schizophrenic. the 52-year-old had been at the pub with friends on the night of his murder. the stranger pounced on him and launched an unprovoked attack. he had stopped taking medication for his illness because it interfered with his sex life.
leading member of notorious paedophile information exchange joins supporters. attended rally to lobby MPs for state involvement in media regulation. organisation set up in wake of phone-hacking scandal.
woman, believed to be in her 20s, tumbling from a punt in university city. two of her friends leapt in to save her and staff at a punt hire operator manoeuvred one of their craft alongside to help pull her out. she disappeared under the water several times, screaming for help each time she resurfaced.
the crown princess was in the town of Aabenraa to mark the 75th anniversary of the invasion of Denmark by german troops on April 9, 1940. the Tasmanian-born royal looked appropriately sombre in a chic black ensemble paired with grey accessories.
the incident occurred at alverta B. Gray Schultz middle school in hempstead, new york, about 2pm on wednesday. police say the mother, Annika McKenzie, 34, walked into the building without being cleared by security and waited in the hallway for her daughter's math teacher, Catherine Engelhardt. McKenzie believed Engelhardt had 'put her hands' on her daughter earlier in the day. a fight ensued and the teacher was shoved against the
mayor of Hartlepool said he needed time off for compassionate reasons. but he was pictured the same day aboard historic warship, 323 miles away. following disciplinary hearing he was dismissed from care manager role. claims he has actually been sacked for whistle blowing after he made allegations involving the authority's protection of vulnerable adults.
the 46-year-old signer spent time at the DeKalb Medical Center in Decatur, Georgia, where his daughter is being cared for. while over the weekend Bobby claimed his daughter was awake, her maternal grandmother Cissy Houston clarified on Monday that her granddaughter 'is no longer in a medically induced coma' but is not expected to ever fully recover.
savage swan nicknamed asbaby has been pecking punters on the river in Cambridge. swan believed to be grandson of his grandfather, asbo, who was moved to a location 60 miles away in 2012. asbaby was seen attacking tourists, eating sandwiches, drinking from water bottles and even trying to steal a woman’s handbag.
Ivana Chubbuck, 62, is a part therapist and part acting coach. her client list includes Eva Mendes, Charlize Theron, Gerard Butler, Halle Berry, Sharon Stone and many others. she reduced beyoncé Knowles to tears within five minutes.
lelisa Desisa, 25, of Ethiopia won with an unofficial time of 2 hours, 9 minutes, 17 seconds. his countryman Yemane Adhane Tsegay was second with 2:09:48 in mid-40s weather, and Wilson Chebet of Kenya took third in 2:10:22. Caroline Rotich, 30, of Kenya won the women's division after a tense final stretch.
google has been steadily revealing some of the biggest questions its users have typed into the search engine about 2016 presidential candidates. many of the questions focused on candidates' ages and heights. the most popular question typed into google during that time period was asking how old Clinton is.
baylee almon was one of 19 toddlers killed in a daycare center on April 19, 1995, the day after her first birthday. her mother, aren, 23, saw the picture of her lifeless daughter on the front page of the local paper the next day. a day later, it had swept the world. two decades on, the shock is still raw.
Vincent Viafore, 46, was on the rough Hudson River near newburgh with his fiance when he was thrown in on sunday evening. he was not wearing a life jacket and was unable to get back into the kayak. his partner managed to make it out of the water and call 911. he was taken to hospital and treated for hypothermia but has not been found.
Qasr al-Farid or 'the Lonely Castle' stands amidst imposing cliffs and striking rocky outcrop. believed to have been constructed in the first century A.D. and situated on one of the most important ancient trade routes. despite its misleading name, the fascinating four-storey monument was actually used as a tomb.
sheila Elkan, 84, lives in house featured in classic 1970s tv series. great-grandmother-of-five has resided at house in north-west london. she said: 'from what i have seen i think he is best man to give the good life'
Kristen Jarvis, 34, is moving on to become the Ford Foundation president Darren Walker's chief of staff.
a 45,000sq ft spa, 21 treatment rooms, a two Michelin-star restaurant and eight swimming pools have attracted so many celebrities. the historic property was used as a rest house during the first world war. inside the high-end hotel are 123 guest rooms – all of which are individually designed so no two are the same.
comedian died suddenly aged 56 last June after suffering serious head injuries. but probate records reveal he had no will to deal with £1.2 million estate. his wife of 29 years, Barbara, and their three adult children could be left with tax bill.
brayden Travis, 18, was left without medical attention for seven hours after taking drugs at a friend's house in early march. his lungs and kidneys failed, and he suffered a stroke and severe brain damage. doctors warned that he will likely remain in a vegetative state, his mother, Kelly Smith-Miller, wrote on facebook. she also shared a starling photograph of the teenager unconscious in a hospital bed with breathing apparatus and wires across his body.
flight 448 from Seattle to los angeles was forced to return to Seattle-Tacoma international airport on monday. passengers heard banging and pleas for help coming from beneath the aircraft. in a desperate bid for help, the man called 911 and spoke to a bemused operator for 44 seconds before he was cut off.
the national immunisation program currently requires parents to vaccinate their children to be eligible for family payments and childcare rebates. but people who choose not to vaccinate their children for philosophical, personal or religious beliefs are able to apply for an exemption. they can still access the payments without immunising their children.
the 84-year-old had skin cancer on his forehead and the top of his head. he told the nine network that 'as a kid we never ever wore a cap' but used the opportunity to advise all australians to cover their heads. 'i wish I had. you live and learn as you go along,' he said.
the 11-year-old autistic boy has been reunited with his rescuers at royal children's hospital in Melbourne. he was found three kilometres from where he went missing at lake Eildon national park, northeast of Melbourne. he was suffering from exhaustion, dehydration and hypothermia when he was found. a police officer was first on the site and knelt down and offered Luke reassurance he was safe.
the NFL has reinstated Adrian Peterson, allowing him to participate in all scheduled activities with the Minnesota Vikings starting on friday. this after a ban that has been in effect since September 17 of last year following an incident in which he beat his young son with a switch. the Vikings claimed they wanted him back on the roster, and he was set to earn $12.75million for the upcoming season.
Alice Kovach-Suehn, 56, from Apopka, was arrested last Friday and charged with elderly neglect. police say they found the man in her care weighing only 89lbs. the 96-year-old told officers he was being starved and never allowed to eat anything but meat and 'dog feces' by the time police rescued him, the victim could not move his hands and his knees were locked together.
a third of men have never picked up a bucket or chamois leather to wash their own car. three-quarters of women never wash their own car. shops now opening on a Sunday and more live football on tv blamed.
a hospital has delayed kidney transplant surgery after a fundraising effort on behalf of donor to cover his time off work and expenses raised so much money it is now an 'ethical issue' the donor, Josh Dall-Leighton of Windham said that Maine Medical Center officials informed him this week that it has concerns about the amount of money raised for him. Christine Royles, 24, of South Portland, who is suffering from kidney failure, organized fundraisers to reimburse dall-Leighton for unpaid time away from work.
hair anywhere on the body is important for maintaining skin health. hair follicles are also rich in stem cells - cells that never lose capacity to renew themselves. a bald scalp is less able to cope with nicks, cuts and bruising because of the lack of healthy follicles.
researchers from germany, canada and the u.s. analysed 6,100 questions. they found men were more likely to kill a young Hitler to save lives. but women are more reluctant to do something harmful in the short-term.
snorkeler Roxy Walsh found a sentimental ring snorkeling in Bali on tuesday. she launched a social media campaign to find the owner of the ring. the 34-year-old was able to reunite the ring with its' rightful owners. the ring's owner is amazingly from the same part of australia.
reports suggest the Kremlin will offer controversial loans and discounts on supplies of natural gas in a bid to lessen its dependence on the west. the visit will raise fears the radical left government is looking east in search of alternative sources of finance. ahead of his visit, Mr Tsipras condemned the west's economic sanctions on Moscow as 'a road to nowhere'
captain Niloofar Rahmani, 23, is the first female fixed-wing Air Force aviator in Afghanistan's history and the first female pilot in the Afghan military since the fall of the Taliban in 2001. she was just 18 when she heard a news announcement saying the Afghan Air Force wanted to recruit pilots. she and nine other inspirational women from across the world were awarded the international women of courage award last week.
68-year-old is a serial shoplifter who first broke the law when he was 13. he has been in court at least once a year since 1959. prosecutors have lost track of his expansive record, which includes 200 thefts and dozens more for other dishonest offences.
the 41-year-old woman was getting ready for a party to celebrate the new year when she started to wheeze. worried her asthma would get worse, she reached into her bag for her inhaler. her blue salbutamol inhaler was uncapped in her bag, and she heard a 'coarse rattle' when she shook it. she ignored the noise, believing it was due to a loose connection inside the device. doctors prescribed antibiotics to prevent infection and put
predicted life spans of women aged 65, 75, 85 and 95 fell in 2012. by 2013, average 75-year-old woman could expect to live another 13 years and five weeks – five weeks less than in 2011. study also found increasing life expectancy for men in their sixties and seventies had stalled, and had fallen for those in their eighties and nineties.
the stunning set of pictures was taken in a forest near Langenfeld, germany, yesterday. body-painting artist spent hours painting his model so she would blend in with her surroundings. the temperature was thought to be between 10 to 15 degrees during the shoot.
Mahendra Ahirwar, 12, suffers from a rare condition that makes his neck bend and his head hang from his body. his weak backbone means he can't stand or walk and is restricted to a sitting position. his parents say they have consulted more than 50 doctors across india but none could diagnose his condition.
the hackers completely cut transmission of 11 channels belonging to TV5 Monde. they took over its websites and social media accounts for three hours. channel's director, Yves Bigot, said the attack was continuing this morning. he told RTL radio that the network has restored its signal but can only broadcast recorded programs, not live content.
Zbigniew Huminski, 38, confessed to strangling nine-year-old victim 'while drunk' she was stripped naked and sexually assaulted after being forced into his car. she was then driven to an isolated wood used as a camp for illegal migrants. her mother, named only as Isabelle, 'heard daughter's screams' as she was being taken away from outside her school in Calais.
Margaret Bates, 60, said she is consumed by one thought - that she wished she had killed her lover when she first met him. over three barbaric weeks, Smith burnt her with an iron, scalded her with boiling water and even gouged out her eyes. he also tied her to a radiator by her hair, broke her arm and knees and stabbed her all over her body with knives, forks and scissors. next year marks the 20th anniversary of Kelly-
the fad involves women tying a blue ribbon under their breasts and over the arms so that they are uplifted every time the arms are raised. the idea was inspired by the anime character Hestia from Is It Wrong To Pick Up Girls in a Dungeon.
princess looked serene in a chic white dress with gold embellishment. mingled with a host of a-listers and film industry bigwigs at the event. also attended by young starlet Dakota Fanning and thespian Kelly Brook.
researchers from the department of psychology at Stanford university used data from 6,588 registered users to determine which colours are most commonly associated with which letters. they then compared these colour-letter matches to fridge magnets sold by Fisher-Price between 1971 and 1990. results revealed that at least six per cent (400 out of the 6588 participants) learnt'many of their matches' from the toy. among those born in the decade after the toy began to be manufactured, the proportion of synesthetes with learned letter
the 55-year-old was a lauded figure among the u.s. safari enthusiast community. he was trying to measure the elephant's ivory tusks for an american client. despite only having one leg, he was described by fans as 'fit and strong'
Roy Day, 29, and Gerard Lundie, 26, targeted 13 homes over four months. they stole a Citroen C4 and widescreen TV from a house in Great Barr, Birmingham. a stolen car was seen speeding away from officers at 100mph in Erdington. but he was found hiding in a nearby bush after fleeing the vehicle. the duo were jailed for five years and four months at Birmingham crown court.
leanne Kenny, 23, from northwich, weighed 20st after snacking on junk food. she would snack on bumper bars of chocolate, baked goods and fizzy drinks. her break through moment came when she couldn't fit into their largest dress. she has shed seven stone and now weighs 13st.
June Whitfield, 89, is best known for her role as mother of Edna, played by Jennifer Saunders, in absolutely Fabulous. she is set to make a guest appearance in the soap next week as Sister Ruth. her character will offer advice to jessie Wallace's character Kat Moon.
noel Marshall’s action-adventure film was originally released in 1981. it became infamous for the injuries received by 70 members of the cast and crew during production. 'you’re fine with lions and tigers as long as you don’t show any fear,' says director.
campaigners are calling for the government to implement an almost 90-year-old law that would fix the date of Easter. after next month's election, ministers could be asked to make sure Easter Day always falls between April 9 and 15. in 1928, the Easter act was passed in parliament to make sure that the holiday weekend would be a fixed date in April.
the hit US political TV series house of cards stars Kevin Spacey as Francis Underwood. the capital grille is a favoured venue for political plots. the seat of the united states congress is in the United States Capitol.
marli van Breda, 16, suffered severe brain damage when she was struck several times on the head and her throat was slashed. the attack took place in her family's south african home on January 27 and she is now suffering from retrograde amnesia. doctors say she may never remember what happened on the fateful day she tragically lost her father, mother and eldest brother. her extended family revealed in a statement on Sunday that, although she can't remember the brutal murders,
'i think this is why we are having this meeting: to make sure that we are continually improving our coordination to make sure that Iraqi security forces are in a position to succeed in our common mission,' he told a reporter. the president declined to say whether Washington would provide Apache helicopters, drones and other arms to Baghdad to help with the ongoing fight against ISIS.
a number of people are currently paying around £150 a week to live in flats in exclusive parts of mayfair and covent garden in london. under plans by the conservatives the right to buy will be extended to 1.3million homes, occupied by 2.75million people. people living in these plush properties could now get the chance to buy them with discounts of up to £102,000 in london.
driver pulled over on i-20 in albilene, texas, and got out of their cars to pick up cash. passenger door of the truck somehow opened as it was moving. plastic bag with'substantial amount of money' was blown out of truck. police have warned anyone caught with cash inside van will be prosecuted.
Hannah Moore, 20, of west lothian, suffered stretch marks after having twins. she posted the images to boost her confidence and to boost confidence. but two minutes later, her account was immediately shut down due to 'violence' the mother-of-two claims her account was deleted due to inappropriate 'nudity'
a photo of a 'drunken' young woman was posted on SOHO nightclub’s Facebook page on April 3. the photo was a week after the owner's son was jailed for raping an 18-year-old girl at the venue. the club agreed that the photo used was ‘100 per cent inappropriate’. 'we’re throwing an extra special Yeezter event tonight. Free entry till 10pm and $5 drinks till midnight – get amongst it!' the
the 21-year-old was involved in a raid on the home of a 92-year-old man. she and another man bluffed their way in and stole several bottles of whisky. her friend Martin Lawrence, 27, also targeted a man aged 99 claiming he owed him money for non existing paving work. doherty has now been jailed for two years after pleading guilty to burglary and fraud.
Jake Shaw, 21, was volunteering as a climbing instructor at Kandersteg. he fell from the upper floor of the building in the early hours of august 1. he was airlifted to hospital in Bern suffering severe injuries but died nine days later. shortly before his death, he had been celebrating the Swiss national day with friends with drinking games called 'Power Hour' and 'Ring of fire'
audrie pott, 15, was sexually assaulted at a friend's party in 2012. she awoke to find her pants off and lewd comments scribbled over her body. her family says she hanged herself days later after learning cellphone photos were taken of her during the assault and shared through text messages. the final two teens have finally apologized and admitted she was unconscious during the 'criminal act' they also apologized for sharing false rumors that'served to
prime minister set out seven key Tory policies which he said would help get people on to the property ladder. seven point plan includes the help to buy ISA, which will help first-time buyers save for a deposit. 'with us, the dream of home ownership is alive,' he said.
cat squeezed into hole in wall at the Mohamed Naguib metro station in 2010. but soon became too big to escape - and survived thanks to an elderly man. he gave him water and fed him scraps of food every day. now, the cat has finally been freed thanks to a social media campaign.
Sheriff Mbye, 18, died in hospital after receiving multiple stab wounds on friday. comes after officers arrested another 18-year-old on suspicion of murder. officers were called to a scuffle outside a KFC restaurant in northfield. officers found a 19-year-old man with stab wounds in a nearby barbershop. despite the best efforts of doctors, the 18-year-old died two hours later.
Binh and Phuoc Wagner of Kingston, Ontario were adopted by Michael and Johanne Wagner around a year and a half ago from Vietnam. they suffer from a life-threatening genetic disorder that causes a loss of the bile ducts within the liver during the first year of life. when their twin sister Phuoc needed a donor just a little more, their adopted father chose her to receive his liver, which was a perfect match. now, thanks to the generosity of an anonymous donor
astronauts recorded three spacewalks outside the ISS on february 25 and march 1. they were in preparation for the arrival of 2017's multibillion pound commercial spacecraft. the clip was recorded to give future ISS workers an idea of what they can expect when they go into space.
bookkeeper was employed at mining exploration company dragon mountain gold. on January 12 last year, she mistakenly sent a text meant for her daughter's boyfriend who was engaged as a contact plumber. realising her mistake, she immediately texted her boss asking him to delete the message and ignore its contents. she was fired five days after the incident, with her employer saying it was due to 'gross misconduct'
maps were compiled by cartographer Trent Hare and include image mosaics and topographical views of the lunar landscape. the grey and white areas reveal higher peaks, while darker blues show deep craters. to the left of these craters, is Oceanus Procellarum, which is Latin for 'Ocean of Storms' early theories claimed this mysterious region, roughly 1,600 miles (2,600km) across, was created by an asteroid impact. but last year, scientists proposed that the
sources close to Gracie Mansion said the 17-year-old will make his decision by the end of the month. de Blasio's son is a senior at Brooklyn Technical high school. despite his six figure salary as mayor, he is now expected to turn to financial aid to help pay for his son's elite education.
five-year-old boy pelted heavily armed officers with missiles during clashes. soldiers used tear gas and rubber bullets to disperse crowd in northern west bank. more than 100 protesters used catapults to fire rocks at the Israeli forces.
Lisa Courtney, of Hertfordshire, has spent most of her life collecting memorabilia. the 26-year-old holds the world record for the largest collection of Pokemon items. her mother had to move from the largest to the smallest room in the house.
Justin Jackson, a florida man, has been accused of posing as celebrities in order to get freebies and jobs. he allegedly tricked a jeweler into lending him items worth $2.4million by pretending to be Madonna's manager. he'sent letters on fake stationery to five different hotel groups with locations in florida, recommending him for jobs' he is being sued by oprah's television network and former president's personal assistant, reggie
ex-bolton wanderers striker is accused of conspiring to commit bribery. he is alleged to have contacted a non-league player to fix a match. facey is also alleged to have told a contact that some football conferences would 'do' a game in return for payment. he is also accused of conspiring with non-league player Moses Swaibu.
'Retrosweat' is an eighties-inspired aerobics class. a 50-minute class, it has 12 dance tracks and mixes up the soundtrack. 'there's a fusion of jogging, jumping, athletic movement and dance'
anti-fungal agent miconazole and steroid clobetasol restored movement to mice paralysed by a rodent version of multiple sclerosis (MS) in laboratory tests, they prompted inactive mouse and human stem cells to regenerate myelin, the protective coating around nerve fibres that is destroyed by the disease.
party has reduced number of constituencies where it is concentrating resources. strategist said 'extraordinary' would now need to happen for it to win in places outside its target list. among seats dropped from list is Folkestone and Hythe, where candidate Janice Atkinson was replaced after allegations of fraudulent expenses claims.
would-be lib dem maajid Nawaz asked for two private sessions at a strip club. footage shows the prospective parliamentary candidate attempting to touch her arms and thighs. staff said his actions had been 'outrageous'
Kseniya Soukeras, 33, wants to name her unborn child Michael, after her late father. her husband Nicholas, 37, prefers the Greek name Spyridon, after his own father. because they have been unable to settle their disagreement privately, the couple has turned to the general public to help them decide.
the 25-year-old serial criminal told his mother he enjoyed knifing 33-year-old Ricky James 39 times after luring him into some woods with wine in 2013. he told police he just wanted to 'cut his dad gum head off,' and that he cut him with a butcher's knife, 'just like the one Michael Myers used in (the movie) Halloween' he was already in jail at the time, having been arrested for disorderly conduct two
grey seals have been spotted feasting on harbour porpoises they have killed. on four separate occasions, the seals have been spied feasting on them. the footage was shot by a wildlife cruise company, off the coast of pembrokeshire. it backs up a recent study that the seals have a penchant for young porpoises with a thick layer of energy-packed fat. and that far from scavenging on dead animals, they
Alfred Guy Vuozzo, 46, shot dead Brent McGuigan, 68, and son, Brendon, 39. as he was escorted from courtroom, he swore loudly: 'you've sentenced me to life' judge called brutal double-murder an act of 'hatred and misdirected vengeance'
analysis suggests there is up to 100billion barrels of the fossil fuel under the home Counties. potential goldmine in the weald basin, across Surrey, Sussex, Hampshire and Kent, could meet up to a third of Britain's oil demand within 15 years. industry experts remain sceptical of the claims, with one describing them as ‘overly optimistic’.
the wall-mounted alarm clock is affixed to the wall behind the bed. it pivots and sends a focused beam of light and sound towards one sleeper. this beam is emitted by a parametric speaker to create a narrow beam. an LED light grows brighter to simulate sunlight, encouraging a sleeper to wake up more naturally. instead of relying on cameras, the device uses a sensor to pick out individuals using body heat.
a woman who went to a party at the 'Pike House' told police she awoke to find Wray 'touching her inappropriately without her approval'. when he was brought in by the Logan City police department for questioning, he confessed to groping the victim while she was passed out. he also admitted to groping two other women. only the first alleged victim filed a statement with police.
ospreys, seals and seals can be seen at Rutland water, near oakham. ospreys were reintroduced 18 years ago, the first english ospreys for 150 years.
80,000 children face missing out on their preferred primary school. four in ten pupils expected not to get a place at their favourite school. affluent borough of wansdworth has decided to remove sibling priority. it is a bid to make the process fairer and give priority to children closest to schools.
more than 200 women, children and elderly from the religious minority were released near Kirkuk, northern Iraq, earlier this week. around 40,000 people were kidnapped at gunpoint when Islamic State fighters attacked Yazidi villages last summer. hundreds have been able to return, either by fleeing or being set free by Isis, and the nine-year-old is among them.
super-fit Amy Hughes, 26, ran 53 marathons in 53 days last year. she started her first marathon in Chester on august 6 and completed her 53rd consecutive run in Manchester on September 27. the sports therapist also ran into a new love after she got close to long-term friend Dave Keighley - who was part of her support crew. the couple’s friendship blossomed during the world record marathon challenge.
the anonymous donor sent the money along with a note to officials. he said they wanted to help safeguard the church 'for the next hundred years' the church has been granted £10.4million of Heritage Lottery funding. but only if they can raise the remaining £7.1million by the end of the year.
the search for missing woman Jessica Bialek is over after she returned to her home this evening. the 37-year-old was last seen leaving her home on dudley street, in the south-eastern suburb of coogee, about 8:30am on tuesday. her husband, Sabino Matera, confirmed she was home shortly after 6:30pm on tuesday. police thanked the public and media for their help in locating the mother-of-one.
Julia van Herck, 42, from Fulham, gained 12 stone after getting married in 1993. she wore a size 26 to size 28 and would comfort eat tubs of ice-cream and pizzas. she would sneak downstairs at night and gorge on calorie-laden treats. fearful her life was falling apart and she was going to split with husband. a health scare finally prompted her to lose weight and she underwent surgery. she now weighs 11 stone and is a size 12
a 30-year-old woman, known only as Hollie, was diagnosed with relapsing-remitting multiple sclerosis in september 2013. she endured months of constant dizziness, altered temperature perception, extreme fatigue, numbness in her legs and feet and fell into a period of depression. but after jumping on the paleo diet, she claims she has not suffered any MS symptoms over the past 12 months. the celebrity chef also shared a similarly remarkable testimony by another MS sufferer
map was created by writer Levi Pearson, who used a UFO sighting dataset from the National UFO Reporting Centre and open source software from CartoDB. it begins in 1933 with the first sightings being spotted over California and Nebraska in the us, the UK and France in Europe, and locations in Japan and Australia. number of sightings increases dramatically between the 1940s and the 1960s across the world, according to the map. many sightings can be put down to the development of drones and new aircraft
the St. Louis Blues beat the Chicago Blackhawks 2-1 on sunday. it moved the team a point ahead of Nashville to the top of the central division with just three games left in the season.
the creature, named Hyalinobatrachium dianae, was found in the mountains of eastern Costa Rica and has a distinctive call. while most of its body is a brilliant lime green, like all species of glass frogs, the skin on its underside is see-though. this means that the animal’s heart, liver and gastrointestinal tract are easily visible.
the 12-year-old daughter of the mailman who landed his gyrocopter on the west lawn of the U.S. capitol last week has said she is 'downright proud' of her father. her father, 61-year-old Doug Hughes, landed the aircraft to protest campaign finance laws but was swiftly taken into custody. he is currently under house arrest in florida as he awaits a hearing to determine if he will go on trial for crossing a no-f
police have launched a state-wide search for a high school teacher who disappeared on Easter Sunday. Stephanie Scott, 26, was last seen at a Woolworths supermarket at Leeton, 550km west of Sydney. her fiancé said she was excited about her wedding day on saturday. police have asked anyone who might know of her whereabouts or have any information to come forward.
a 12-year-old girl was tied up, beaten and raped for by seven different men. she was kidnapped from her home in the northern Iraq region of Yazidi. one survivor said she was 'owned' and raped by seven different men. human rights watch study found fighters kidnapped women and girls as young as eight, forced them to marry and convert to Islam and raped them repeatedly.
battle between lenders has intensified in recent months, plunging home loan rates to their lowest in history. HSBC announced a 1.99 per cent interest rate on a five-year fix. experts said it was the cheapest ever deal of its kind and described move as 'astonishing'
the name of an ancient goddess of Egypt, Isis had been on the WMO list of names for hurricanes in 2016. the hurricane committee also backed Mexico's request to retire the name Odile because of the storm.
5,700 children applied to visit'spy school' in london. they were chosen from among 5,700 hopefuls. the group were given a guided tour of the security service's HQ.
YouTuber Dave Hax’s ingenious new kitcken trick lets cooks peel potatoes without peeling. the process starts by running the blade of a sharp knife carefully around the middle of the potato, without letting it cut through. he advises boiling water boil the spuds for as long as needed and let them drain before running under cold water.
researchers at the hadassah medical school in Jerusalem studied the effects of liver transplants on pregnant and non-pregnant mice. it found in young, non-pregnant mice, 82 per cent of the liver had regenerated after two days and in older, non-pregnant mice, only 46 per cent had regenerated. but in older, pregnant mice around 96 per cent had regenerated after two days, better than the non-pregnant rodents both young and
more than 700 Asiatic black bears have been butchered in the past year. up to four bears inexplicably killed in one day on some bear farms. farmers claim the extinction-threatened animals are dying from disease and old age. but sources say owners are killing them to 'extract the last ounce of blood' the paws, meat and gall bladders of the'moon bears' are sold for the equivalent of £625 a bear.
water-conscious residents have turned to techniques that utilize so-called 'gray water' to help them meet the unprecedented new water-use restrictions imposed by Governor Jerry Brown last week. Robin Weld, who lives in parched Sacramento, recently took the step of converting her home's toilet into a toilet-sink. clean city water comes in through the faucet, is used to wash hands and then flows into the toilet tank to be used to flush. neighbor Chris Brown is using the left over water from his shower
Emma Hannigan was diagnosed with the faulty BrCa1 gene in 2005. the 42-year-old had a double mastectomy and oophorectomy the following year. but despite the drastic surgery, she received the diagnosis she had been dreading - she had breast cancer. since then, she has battled the disease a staggering nine times, including four bouts in the space of a year.
Nadine Crooks, 33, stopped taking contraceptives after learning she had polycystic ovary syndrome. cysts were found on both her swollen ovaries and she was stunned to fall pregnant again. she is now expecting two boys and a girl with her 35-year-old partner.
organizers of the anti-gay protest at McGuffey high school in Washington County encouraged anyone who shared their bigoted stance to show support by wearing a flannel shirt to school. students report that openly gay pupils also had Bible verses pined to their lockers and were physically bullied by the so-called protesters.
the singer took time out of his schedule over the weekend to help jess knight celebrate her 20th birthday in hospital. the 20-year-old had planned on being at sheeran's concert in Auckland having bought tickets back in October. just two weeks later she was diagnosed with Acute Lymphoblastic Leukemia. she had to undergo countless chemotherapy treatments and a bone marrow transplant, which meant she was forced to give up her tickets.
the robot, named BB-8, took to the stage at star wars convention in california. it ran rings around retro droid R2-D2 on its spherical body. film’s director confirmed that a real robot was used during filming. but he did not reveal how the robot works. BB-8’s body is a spherical ball that allows it to move in any direction.
Zachary Davis was 15 when he bludgeoned his mother's skull 12 times as she slept and then set his family home ablaze in an effort to kill his elder brother. he is charged with first-degree murder, attempted first-degree murder and aggravated arson. his mother, Melanie Davis, 46, went to sleep at 9pm 'not knowing that her younger son was planning something sinister, something unspeakable'
the sunken yacht, which became known as 'Pride of Hawaii', was 83-feet-long and considered the first luxury ocean-going yacht in the united states when it sunk just off the coast of Kauai in 1824. the sunken yacht became known as the first luxury ocean-going yacht in the united states when it sunk just off the coast of Kauai in April 1824. 'we found gold, silver, Hawaiian poi pounders, gemstones,
former head of the NHS criticises labour over mid staffs scandal. branded'man with no shame' after refusing to resign over 1,200 needless deaths.
the resort is renowned as being one of the best in the Algarve for a luxury family holiday. it is set within 25 hectares in the protected Costa Vicentina Natural Park. the sun shines for around 300 days of the year here and the sand is warm beneath your toes.
Nigel Short, 49, said women were not suited to playing chess because it required logical thinking. chess commentator and writer said women should accept they were ‘hard-wired very differently’ and weren’t as adept at playing chess as men. but critics immediately pointed out that he lost a high-profile game against a woman grandmaster.
flight lieutenant Stephen Beaumont took bear with him on every flight. he printed the royal crest, AM for air ministry and his nickname 'bea' on his chest. when he died aged 87 in 1997, his bear was passed to his family. it is now being tipped to sell for £10,000 when it goes under the hammer.
on the eve of their 10-year wedding anniversary, letourneau, 53, and her student-turned-husband, Vili Fualaau, 31, spoke about the rape trial and their marriage in an interview with '20/20' the couple, who have two teenage daughters, met when Fualaau was in her second grade class in Seattle. she taught him again in sixth grade in 1996 and by the summer, their relationship turned sexual.
‘Visualize You’ processes an image of you to reveal what you would look like if you lost a specified amount of weight. users are shown an original and a slimmer version, with a slider, so they can compare how they would look before and after losing weight. it asks you to enter your current height and weight and your target weight, giving you flexibility over how ambitious you want to be.
after a heavy night of drinking, your immune system is bound to be weaker. this is because your body is under oxidative stress - a process that can also happen after smoking, breathing in pollution and even sunbathing. higher doses of vitamin E, found in foods such as kale and almonds, can mitigate the stress on immune cells.
the former secretary of state's secret service-approved van, nicknamed 'Scooby,' was spotted in le Claire, Iowa, on Tuesday. she and top aide Huma abedin wore sunglasses inside the Chipotle in the Toledo suburb of Maumee and left without being engaged by anyone other than a cashier. a Times reporter later persuaded the restaurant's manager to send her photographs of his security camera footage.
Mohammed waqar, 23, and Mohammed Siddique, 60, accused of assaulting boy. allegedly slapped repeatedly during religious lessons at mosque. boy allegedly slapped repeatedly for mistakes in his studies.
just over 60 per cent of Americans believe global warming is taking place. nearly half blame humans for the change, according to a new interactive map. but opinions on global warming vary wildly between states, local communities, and congressional districts. people in California are far more worried about the warming planet than those in parts of the central us.
mother-of-three Nikki Balovich had taken off her diamond-encrusted silver ring as she was pregnant and her fingers were swollen. when she couldn't find it, she suspected her 90-pound baby mastiff had swallowed it up, but there was no way of checking. half a year later, the mystery was solved when she saw a post on a facebook sales site saying a wedding ring had been found in an 'unusual place'
marisa curlen, 20, was found dead in her dormitory room at the sorority house in Harrisonburg, virginia, on friday. she was a sophomore at the college and a member of the Alpha Phi sorority. police were awaiting the results of an autopsy to determine the exact cause of death, but they said there was no evidence to suggest foul play.
Davion Navar Henry Only, 16, has been adopted by his old case worker, connie Bell Going. this after he was adopted by a minister in Ohio and his family, but was sent back into the system after a fight with one of the minister's children. he has now been adopted by his old case worker, who has been by his side throughout his years in the system.
delonte Martistee, 22, of Bainbridge, Georgia, and Ryan Calhoun, 23, of Mobile, Alabama, were charged with sexual battery for the incident believed to have occurred between march 10 and 12. the video allegedly shows hundreds of people gathered around the girl as the men violate her while she lays on a beach chair. the unidentified victim believes she was drugged before the incident.
nine other worlds in the solar system are suspected to have subsurface oceans. one AU is the distance from the sun to the sun - and one AU is the distance from Earth to the sun. this is despite the fact that only one planet has visible water.
more than 2,000 families have fled the Iraqi city of Ramadi. the advance is widely seen as an ISIS's attempt at an counteroffensive. 400,000 Iraqis were already displaced, including 60,000 in Ramadi district.
all flights were halted for about 20 minutes after the potential drone sighting. some departing flights were delayed and some incoming flights were diverted. police search failed to turn up any evidence that a drone was operating in airspace used by commercial airliners.
letter sent to brother of officer who died on board the titanic in 1912. asks for £20 - the equivalent of £2,000 in today's money - to return his body. company bosses say it will be the family's job to pay for his transport to morgue. he was born in scarborough in 1887, the son of a councillor and councillor. he went straight into service on the titanic's sister ship the oceanic.
andras Janos Vass, 25, convicted of human trafficking and racketeering. he lured men to the u.s. with promises of easy work and high wages. they were forced to perform sex work at all hours, either in person or live on webcams. he faces a maximum sentence of 155 years in prison.
a Missouri woman who finished a St. Louis marathon third last year and was the female winner of it this year is being stripped of the title after officials concluded she didn't run the full course either year. Kendall Schler claims to have removed both the magnetic strips meant to record her times from her race and since no photographs of her were taken along the way there is no proof she is the rightful winner. her finish time that qualified her to run in Monday's Boston Marathon has now been erased, and her spot in the event
internal briefings seen by CNN this week reveal the heavily-militarized guard referred to protesters as 'enemy forces' the guard was first activated in Ferguson in august after Missouri governor Jay Nixon declared a state of emergency when riots and looting broke out amid peaceful demonstrations. guard were activated again in November ahead of the decision by a grand jury who decided not to indict officer Darren Wilson.
the truck was stolen from Cristina Coria's driveway on tuesday. when she went on facebook, she saw an ad for a blue 2003 Chevy Stepside bed. she arranged to meet the suspect with her husband at a gas station parking lot near I-45 in Houston, tx. when the suspect showed up, he almost certainly had the stolen parts.
desflurane, isoflurane and sevoflurane are potent greenhouse gases. they have 2,500 times the impact on global warming compared to carbon dioxide. the world needs to prepare itself for a rapid increase in the speed of climate change.
researchers scanned the brains of people reading passages from the series. they found 'arousing words' affected parts of the brain concerned with emotion. valence refers to how positive or negative a word is, while arousal refers to its 'physiological intensity' 'a text is more than a list of words, and the way these words are combined, or the context they are embedded in, clearly matter,' said the researchers.
the brutal murder of Emmanuel Sithole was captured on camera. shocking images show men stabbing him and beating him with a wrench. the four men will remain in custody until a full trial on may 4th.
state supplies more than three-quarters of the world's $4.93bn almond market. it is in its fourth year of drought, and residents are campaigning against bottled water. almonds are high in potassium, calcium, vitamin E and magnesium.
Graham Palmer, 52, has been giving safety announcements in verse since last year. he customises the rhymes according to the stations his carriages are passing through. 'they're not that clever really. they're not Wordsworth, but it's all a bit of fun,' he said.
italian bio-designers have unveiled a project to 3D print organic tissues. they plan to combine the biological tissue with microscopic wireless technology to provide additional functions and give super human eyesight. synthetic eyes could be available by 2027.
the 6'7'' swingman was arrested for allegedly preventing police from setting up a crime scene. he was left with a broken fibula and torn ligaments and will miss the rest of the season. he blamed six officers from the new york police department for breaking his leg. he made the statement through his club's twitter account. he said his injury had left him in 'great pain' and 'was caused by the police'
fears for two new strains of influenza will see the arrival of an improved vaccination on australian shores. there was a spike in deaths related to H3N2 and B/Phuket during the northern winter as the vaccine did not provide the right buffer against the diseases. high-risk groups - such as the very young and very old, and most indigenous australians - will be able to access free, government-funded flu shots from April 20.
consumer activists say the app is so stuffed with advertisements and product placements that it's hard to tell the difference between entertainment and commercials. they say digital media should be subject to the same rules as television, which limits commercial content on kids' programming.
a man visiting Dallas from liberia, Thomas Eric Duncan, died October 8 at the hospital. a doctor videotaped Nina Pham while she was in her hospital bed on October 16 and images were later made public. the hospital says it respected Pham's privacy and only acted with her consent.
eldest daughter Nancy likens her father to the embarrassing dad from modern family. he admits the comparison is 'not great', with even his fashion getting the thumbs down. modern family is one of the biggest sitcoms to come out of american since friends.
Cindy Santamaria-Williams, of Stroudsburg, Pennsylvania is covered in bruises and has a broken eye socket following the alleged attack on Easter Sunday. police are on the hunt for the teenagers and said that they will face assault charges if caught.
five of the city's six police officers, the city attorney, the city clerk and the water treatment supervisor resigned after Tyrus Byrd, 40, was sworn in last week. the outgoing mayor says they cited'safety concerns' in their resignations. there are 713 people living in the community and 57percent are white and 41percent are black.
the eight-book series was written between 1970 and 2012. it follows a 'gunslinger' on his journey towards a tower. javier bardem and Russell Crowe are said to be interested.
the wonderland house in Brighton sleeps up to 24 guests. the looking glass cottage in the south coast of england is also popular. the house is decorated in flamingo wallpaper, crown wallpaper and mirrors.
fisherman in Thailand reels in catch of the day after hooking a fish with a plastic toy fishing rod. youngster stands on the bank of what appears to be a lake and holds onto a tiny blue and yellow fishing rod. he then crouches down by the side of the water and moves his rod from side to side while reeling.
reddit users have been comparing the most effective punishments their parents doled out when they were children. many of the schemes are both hilarious and genius. others include the mind-numbingly dull chores, which drag on for a lifetime.
school administrators'vehemently deny' any knowledge of Marilyn Zuniga's assignment. 'get well' letters were delivered to mumia Abu-Jamal in prison following his hospitalization last month for complications from diabetes. the former black Panther is serving life behind bars for the 1981 murder of white Philadelphia police Officer Daniel Faulkner.
Zella Jackson Price, 76, was told shortly after delivering her baby that the infant had died. but the baby was still very much alive and had for an unknown reason been given up for adoption. her children helped her find her mother through a name given to Gilmore through her adoptive parents.
the number of australians visiting Bali over the past two months was up 16.7 per cent from the same period last year. the fate of Bali Nine drug smugglers is probably third on the list of concerns about Indonesia among fellow nationals. legislation proposed by two Islamic parties banning consumption of all beverages containing more than one per cent alcohol is considered more of a worry.
shadow chancellor refused to rule out a five-point rise in corporation tax. he was also evasive about the 40p rate of income tax, into which millions of people have been dragged in recent years. businesses are already concerned about labour’s stated plans not to cut corporation tax. main rate has been brought down from 28 per cent to 21 per cent.
mass doggy wedding saw more than 40 pooches tie the knot in a park in Beijing. billed the first of its kind to be held in china by a new pet social media app. 21 canine couples arrived in BMW convertibles and a stretch Hummer limousine.
perfumers spend vast amounts of time and money creating fragrances that evoke positive feelings of satisfaction and sensuality. 'if we like someone's smell, they become instantly more attractive to us, and vice versa,' says Roja Dove.
the singer has written a public letter to the just group imploring them to cease their use of angora wool. the retail giant own just Jeans, Portmans, Dotti, Peter Alexander, Jacqui E, and Jay Jays. they have so far refused to back down on their stance in using the fur.
Stefan Stoykov moved to the us as an eight-year-old when he could not speak a word of english. now 18, he has been accepted into some of the finest schools on the planet. brown, Columbia, Cornell, Dartmouth, Harvard, Penn, Yale and Princeton have all come knocking.
grand rapids, Michigan police have an arrest warrant out for suspect Jalin Smith-Walker in connection to the Monday evening fight. as of Thursday morning authorities say they are still attempting to locate the young woman. this isn't the first time that Smith-Walker has been accused of wreaking havoc with her car.
@BarbieStyle is the brand's official style feed - and has more than 730,000 followers. @BarbieStyle was created by the brand's vice president of design, Kim Culmone. @BarbieStyle aims to attract trendy twentysomethings.
more than 80 per cent of young people feel lonely at some point. half of those aged 55 and over said they never felt lonely. 43 per cent of 18 to 34-year-olds admitted they wished they had more friends. a third of under 34-year-olds said they found it hard to make new friends.
the state of Oklahoma has removed protection for gay people who use ride-sharing services Uber and Lyft. Initially, the Oklahoma Transportation Network Company Services Act included language that prohibited the companies from discriminating against customers based on sexual orientation or gender identity. however, Republican Sen. Jason Smalley has revealed he rewrote the bill to eliminate that language and allow private businesses to establish their own policies regarding discrimination.
fast food giant installed metal spikes outside branch in Leeds city centre. critics say they were installed to stop people sleeping rough. but McDonald's says it is only about anti-social behaviour.
defence secretary Michael Fallon led a ferocious assault on the labour leader. he claimed he cannot be trusted not to sell out in a 'grubby' deal with the SNP. 'who does Vladimir Putin want to see running Britain after may 7?' he demanded.
Ophelia Conant managed to crawl backwards through gap in cot at her home. but 19-month-old was left dangling mid air by her neck and was saved. her mother, Louise, happened to be watching the incident unfold on baby monitor. days later a second toddler was found dangling from the £450 bed. furniture boss who supplied the beds, Phillip Dickens, was fined £50,000.
snakes, bush meat (zebra, lion, gorilla), combs that double as flick-knives, monkeys 'disguised as a hairy child' and corpses 'propped up in a wheelchair wearing wonky sunglasses'
aueel Manyang was moved from the intensive care unit at the royal children's hospital about 5.15pm on friday. her mother, Akon Guode, crashed her 4WD into a lake at Wyndham Vale in Melbourne's outer west on tuesday. her siblings - one-year-old brother Bol and four-year-old twins Madit and Anger - died when the 4WD plunged into a lake. the children's father, Joseph
Finder.com.au money and real estate expert Michelle Hutchison says there are easy ways to improve the look and feel of your home. putting in new lights and light fittings can make a home stand out, just like this home for sale in tasmania. in most parts, the australian property market remains at record high levels, and the experts say you can profit even more handsomely from elbow-grease.
a new anti-smoking ad has drawn the anger of a 19-year-old student who lives with an ostomy bag after she underwent emergency surgery for ulcerative colitis. she has called for the new Tips From Former Smokers ad, commissioned by the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention, to be banned. the video ends with Julia holding up an ostomy bag, with a voiceover telling people where they can seek help to quit smoking.
Robin Esser has worked in newspapers for 60 years. best stories are from his days as editor of the Daily Express gossip column.
Argentine government accuses three firms of working without permission. rockhopper Exploration, premier oil, falkland oil and gas Limited and US firms Noble Energy and Edison International accused of sending semi-submersible rig to explore basin 120 miles north of islands.
australian entrepreneur Jo burston, 43, started her first business Job Capital. the company handles payroll services, migration, salary packaging and contract-management. it turned over $40 million in its first four years. her mentor always says 'when you're in the ring, fight until the end'
Karen Buckley, 24, disappeared from a nightclub in the early hours of sunday. she was last seen leaving a man's flat in Kelvindale at around 4am. a handbag thought to belong to her was found in a park near the man's home. police say they are 'gravely concerned' about her safety.
the man was found in the streets of Gniezno, western Poland, in february. he claims he has no memory of who he is or where he is from. police have released pictures and information in the hope of identifying him.
jobless Keith MacDonald, 29, has sired massive brood with at least ten mothers. he was set to become father for 16th time but has revealed he's split from mother. says he gets most of his women by chatting them up on the bus. last month he caused a stir when he appeared on 40 kids by 20 women.
police response times in some areas have increased by up to 50 per cent. in Bedfordshire the average response time has increased from seven to 11 minutes. crime victims in Cambridgeshire and southwales wait on average 14 minutes.
Freddie gray, 27, was arrested by four officers for an undisclosed violation. he lapsed into a coma and died on sunday at the university of maryland. his lawyer said he had 'his spine 80 percent severed at his neck' in a video of the arrest, it appears the officers dragged him to a police van while he screamed out in pain. thirty minutes later, an ambulance was called to the police station.
former civil servant changed his will to leave everything to live-in home help. he disinherited his surviving relatives who had been intended beneficiaries. four months later, he died at the age of 87 after falling out with his family. family claimed carer exploited the 'vulnerable' childless widower. but mother-of-one insists he had a change of heart after falling out.
the project were promoting upcoming guest on the channel 10 show, Michael Che. they accidentally used two clips of another comic, Jay Pharoah, on the promo. the mistake was flagged by gobsmacked twitter users. presenter Waleed Aly apologised for the embarrassing blunder.
oligarch roman abramovich's submarine is just one of the extras that came with his £300million superyacht Eclipse. billionaires are queuing up to buy vessels that give them a glimpse of the dramatic seascapes and incredible wildlife of the world's oceans.
an Omura's whale was discovered on a remote Exmouth beach in west australia. it is the first sighting of the species in the state and only the second in australia. the carcass has been buried and the skeleton will be recovered in a few years.
this year's general election has bought with it a bizarre batch of merchandise. shot glasses emblazoned with David Cameron's face and political party underwear appear on shelves. many of the bizarre trinkets can be purchased on the official party websites.
Mohammed Nisar, 55, was driving sole trader Adrian Quinn to Walsall train station. passenger hopped out of vehicle in a rush, forgetting his rucksack. he had been carrying the hefty sum of money after cashing inheritance. on realising his mistake says he felt 'dazed' and 'physically sick'
the duchess of cambridge wore Hobbs, Seraphine and ASOS. the mid-range label has taken her through everything from glamorous evening events to international tours.
charge came to light when customers sought to claim money back from insurers. easyJet told hard-hit passengers to pay £10 fee for airline letter confirming cancellation. there were delays and 1,000 flight cancellations across europe this month following 48-hour strike by french air-traffic controllers.
the Beautification machine was created by two university of. vienna students, maya Pindeus and Johanna Pichlbauer. the device applies eyeliner with a long black brush, while an attachment smears lipstick on lips, before lighting up when the process is complete.
'inappropriate sexual interest' in 15-year-old, jury hears. 'had taken advantage of her 'chaotic and dysfunctional' upbringing', court hears. 'called police two weeks before disappearance to see how officers would react' 'took advantage of her 'chaotic and dysfunctional' upbringing,' he allegedly told officers. 'problem child' had turned up on his doorstep after being thrown out'.
graeme finlay, 53, is accused of attacking Ronald and June Phillips. the elderly couple were ambushed outside their room by a passenger. he claims he was 'ignored' when he joined their table and moved to another. he claims he later struck him with his crutch but the couple say they were ambushed.
Erica Ann Ginneti, 35, a married mother of three from Philadelphia, pleaded guilty in December to institutional sexual assault and disseminating sexually explicit materials to a minor. during her sentencing, Montgomery County Court Judge Garrett D. Page reportedly asked 'What young man would not jump on that candy?' the former math and calculus teacher had been facing seven to 14 years in prison, but on friday Judge Page sentenced her to 3-23 months, including the first 30 days in jail and
the mail's revelations sparked outrage with all three major political parties backing calls for an inquiry. head of the royal college of nursing said nurses who had faced five years of pay freezes would struggle to comprehend the six per cent pay rise for their bosses. patient groups said the packages were indefensible when patients were seeing spiralling waiting times.
Dave Heeley, 57, from west bromwich, ran 156 miles in six days. father-of-three is first blind man to run seven marathons on seven continents. the marathon des Sables is the equivalent of six regular marathons. competitors carry provisions on their backs and temperatures can reach 50 degrees.
deputy labour leader refuses to rule out above-inflation increases in taxes. 'we will put up the top rate of tax, we will not put up the national insurance rates'. Chancellor said remarks showed labour would bring back 'fuel duty escalator'
there are now 120 confirmed HIV cases and 10 preliminary positive cases tied to Scott County, about 30 miles north of Louisville, Kentucky. health officials who declared an epidemic last month have said they expect the number of cases to rise as more people are tested. the growing number could put pressure on Gov. Mike Pence to extend the 30-day needle exchange program that he approved on march 26. since Pence approved the temporary needle exchange, 5,322 clean syringes have been provided to 86 participants.
the family of bombing victim Martin Richard wrote an op-ed for the Boston Globe a day after the two-year anniversary of their son's death. they want him to be spared the death penalty so they can finally get closure on the darkest chapter of their lives. last week a jury found the 21-year-old terrorist guilty on all counts related to the attack on the finish line of the marathon.
the 34-year-old star of the only way is Essex has expanded her range. she showcased the collection at one of the chain's flagship stores in Manchester. new additions include swing tops and blouses, as well as floral fringed kimonos.
noelle baynham, 61, was found by a friend who let himself in after she failed to answer the door at her home in winchester, hants. he said he heard her two dogs barking and jumping behind the door. he found the floors covered in dog faeces and found her body lying on the landing. a pathologist could not determine the cause of death because the dogs had eaten parts of her vital organs.
Puno's colourful fiestas combine Spanish and Inca traditions. men dress as multi-coloured dragons or monsters, while women wear skirts puffed up with petticoats and small bowler hats.
the eight-inch leather dildo with a wooden head was discovered in the city of Gdansk. archaeologists suspect the place was once a school of swordsmanship.
a total of 48% thought parking charges should be free, while 31% thought they were too high. ATM cash withdrawal fees and debit and credit card surcharges were also high up on the list.
Sabrina Osterkamp was last seen leaving her home in Naracoorte at about midday on Sunday. she was driving a friend's car about 110km south to Mount Gambier in south australia's southeast. the car she was driving was discovered the same afternoon in the heart of Mount Gambier but the 25-year-old was nowhere in sight.
the 16-year-old wanted to obtain abrin online. he pleaded guilty to trying to buy the toxin at Manchester youth court. he will be sentenced later this month for the offence, which is contrary to the Criminal Attempts Act 1981.
aircraft carrier USS Theodore Roosevelt and eight other combat vessels deployed to waters off embattled country. cargo ships' presence raised fears within Saudi-led coalition helping country fight off Iranian-backed rebels known as the houthis. coalition of Arab countries backed by us continued its aerial assault on the rebels in the country today, killing at least 20 in capital Sana'a.
bomb detonated outside a bank in Jalalabad, killing 35 and injuring 125. group included military personnel as well as civilians waiting to receive salaries. one witness said a man in a suit arrived on a motorbike seconds earlier. he said: 'the Taliban did not claim responsibility for the attack, daesh claimed responsibility'
pumpkin seed oil is rich in vitamins A, K and E, as well as vital minerals and fatty acids, which can help strengthen hair and boost hair growth. when applied to the lengths of your locks, PowerHealth say it hydrates hair follicles giving shiny and lustrous strands. studies have even found that pumpkin seeds are a mood-boosting food.
the knightsbridge flat, London, has just three years left on the lease. the cost would work out at £191,000 per year, or £15,000 per month. but if any buyer decides to extend the lease, the property could be worth £6 million.
Naomi, 44, and 24-year-old Jourdan have been unveiled as the faces of Burberry's new eyewear range, the Gabardine collection. the duo model the seasonal styles inspired by gabardine - a fabric invented by Thomas Burberry and the original material of the iconic trench coat.
Jia Huaijin, 33, now hand-makes swords that sell for up to £22,000 each. he uses the 2,000-year-old technique to make the traditional swords. swords feature prominently in ancient Chinese history and the blades would have been the type used by warriors in the Han Dynasty.
Abdul Hadi arwani was a fierce critic of president bashar al-Assad. the 48-year-old was found slumped in a car with wounds to his chest. his family have paid tribute to 'the most peaceful man you could ever wish to meet'
the it crowd are following in the footsteps of the Beckhams and Kim Kardashian by taking their children to fashion week. the offspring of some of Sydney's style set have been front and centre at the catwalk presentations of Ellery, Alice McCall and Toni Maticevski.
usually at this time of year we would still be eating imported vegetables. but thanks to endless days of sun and temperatures we would not expect until august. supermarket has been stocking asparagus since the beginning of the month.
aristocratic son of war hero who fought the Nazis in 1939 posted challenge online. brandishing sword, he said: 'enough is enough, Mr Farage. so what i'd like to do is to challenge you to a duel' he adds: 'the most idiotic example I've heard of has been Mr Nigel Farage blaming migrants for traffic jams on the M40'
labour leader says bobby on the beat is 'at risk of disappearing' and criminals 'let off the hook' but launch of criminal justice plans risked being over-shadowed by police scandal. police adviser, Lord Stephens, will be investigated over bungled murder probe.
the converted four-bedroom home on Lawrenny Court was built as a garage to service the generous 57-room mansion Homeden. around 25 years ago, the distinctive Toorak home was thoughtfully converted into the polished residence it is today. the conversion took place at the same time Homeden was being tuned into a block of flats.
Isabelle Obert, a nutrition consultant, believes a good diet can affect the health of the sperm and the egg before they even meet. here, she reveals her list of ten top foods to boost fertility, plus some tips on how to prepare them.
petri Kurti, 13, murdered 47-year-old Glynis Bensley as she walked home. he mugged her before fleeing to a nearby park and boasted about the attack. he was jailed for a minimum of 12 years and will be on licence for life. co-defendant, Zoheb Majid, was sentenced to 10 years behind bars.
Jessica Bialek vanished on the way to the bank around 8.30am on tuesday. her husband, Sabino Matera, posted a heartfelt thank you on social media. he said: 'the last 24hr have been hell for me and my family' police have confirmed the 37-year-old is safe and is speaking with officers.
Jeremy Clarkson, 55, was sacked by the corporation after 'unprovoked' attack. he said two days before attack he was told he might have cancer. he said: 'it was beyond-belief stressful, everything was gong wrong'
police have released a photo of a bearded young man they want to speak to. a fire was started at St Mary's Catholic Church in Dandenong. the church is said to be the site of child sex attacks perpetrated by now-deceased paedophile father Kevin O'Donnell.
young Harry was out with his parents in Cambridge on bank holiday. he was caught under a cyclist's wheel and dragged along the path. female cyclist rode off without showing any remorse, despite leaving him with blood pouring from her face and inside his mouth. police have urged cyclist to contact officers over the incident.
green party leader has been dating her boyfriend for five years. he used a blog called the Daily Maybe to defend 'rape fantasies'. he also described paedophiles as 'complex human beings' and questioned why teachers who have relationships with pupils are put on the sex offenders register. now the couple insist they do not 'want to be associated' with his rants.
a masked man in a hoodie burst in with a gun, lowered it to her head and pulled the trigger. the 56-year-old elementary school teacher had no clue it was a drill to test her 'preparedness' or that the gun was loaded with blanks. 'it was shocking,' teacher Dollie Beck admitted at the time, but 'it heightened my awareness about what's around me'
the adored school teacher from Leeton went missing on Easter Sunday. her body was found in nearby bushland the following friday. her father, Robert, said it is especially painful that her life has been taken away when she had so much to look forward to. a guest list of 120 people had been invited to their wedding day.
beset by technical problems on its flagship Model S, Tesla in early 2013 was on the verge of bankruptcy. in march 2013, Musk contacted google co-founder Larry Page. he proposed that Google buy Tesla for $6 billion and promise an additional $5 billion in factory expansions.
scientists examined 7,000-year-old pollen and charcoal samples from the Nile. they found evidence of a'mega drought' in the area. droughts brought fires, famine and social unrest to the region.
brothers of men convicted of sex offences five times more likely than average. sons of fathers with criminal record nearly four times more likely to be convicted. biggest study of its kind suggests sex offending could run in family. 40 to 50 per cent of differences in risk between close relatives of offenders and men from the general population were genetically driven.
photographer and mother-of-two Kate T. Parker, from Atlanta, Georgia, was inspired to create her aptly-titled series Strong is the New Pretty.
the 27-year-old quarterback hasn't played a snap in the NFL since being cut by the new england patriots before the 2013 season. the team announced the contract Monday but did not disclose the financial terms of the deal the club reached with the 2007 Heisman Trophy winner.
Annabel Jensen, Grayson Moore and Sara Jade Woodhouse, all from Utah, have both transitioned genders. church doctrine states anybody who takes transgender identity to extent of gender reassignment surgery cannot be baptized. however, the three have managed to exist within the Mormon universe - often with the help of local Mormon leaders. around 30 transgender Mormons meet every week in a support group, and have started to get the attention of senior church members.
Mick Tabone, 74, first came across the 5.2 metre crocodile in 1989. the farmer would sit on the creature's back while he chatted to him. he never felt as though he was in danger during their 20 year friendship. 'he was on the run for a couple of years, he had been a naughty boy,' he said.
the golden suit is making a special two month appearance at the Elvis at The O2 exhibition from Sunday. it was made for the singer by Hollywood tailor Nudie Cohn, whose other customers have included Sir Elton John, Ronald Reagan and John Wayne.
police have found the body of the 21-year-old who went missing on february 21. his body was spotted by a fisherman 200 yards from a coast guard station. the family, from fairfield, Connecticut, have owned a five-bedroom vacation house near the area he went missing since 1999.
the unnamed caller said he saw 'two kids that are unaccompanied, and they've been walking around for probably about 20 minutes by themselves' 'they came up and asked to pet my dog, I let them, and that was it...I don't want to scare them,' he said. the caller gave the operator a blow-by-blow account as he wandered behind Rafi, 10, and his sister, 6, in silver spring, Maryland on sunday.
the faux-gothic Victorian castle hotel sits on the banks of lake mohonk in the heart of the Hudson Valley. the hotel has a spa, a kids' club and a 5,000-acre lakeside preserve.
seven-year-old girl burst into tears just moments before leading the AFL side onto the field. she was serving as the team's mascot ahead of their match against North Melbourne at Adelaide Oval on sunday. pig-tailed youngster became spooked by fireworks and rumbling 47,000 fans in the stadium. teammate Patrick Dangerfield approached the pair to help put Satine at ease.
westley capper, 37, is accused of driving blonde waitress, 30, to aqwa mist. he has already admitted driving her away from the upmarket resort of Puerto Banus. police believe 5ft 7in Agnese was forced into the Mercedes before she vanished. he refused to be questioned after being summonsed to court in marbella yesterday.
Charlotte Li, 26, from London, chartered her own weightloss success with body selfies. she decided to design Healthy Selfie with her husband after they both achieved incredible results taking photos of their bodies while on a health kick. she said the idea for it came after an over-indulgent Christmas left her feeling 'fat and unhealthy'
Justin Welby will say 148 students slaughtered by Somali gunmen were 'witnesses' comments follow Pope's denunciation of'senseless' killings. three people arrested on suspicion of involvement in the attack.
the 16-year-old girl took to twitter days after her mom, 35, was charged with two counts of contributing to the delinquency of a minor. the mom-of-five also allegedly had sex with a 18-year-old man in the bathroom during the party and used sex toys on herself in front of the youngsters. she later awoke to find a 16-year-old having sex with her and immediately threw him off.
video shows suicide bomber's car being catapulted 100ft into the air. jihadi attempting to launch attack on Kurdish peshmerga forces. but as car approaches, it hits what appears to be a roadside bomb. car detonates like a firework either due to explosives or fuel tank igniting. what's left of car drops back down into massive cloud of smoke.
Edwin 'Jock' Mee allegedly told the 18-year-old her visa application had been delayed in order to persuade her to have sex with him. he is accused of carrying out sex attacks on 11 victims as young as 15 while working at an army careers centre in south London. one woman told southwark crown court that she saw him as a father figure after he helped her join the army.
Sir Ranulph, 71, completed the most gruelling stage of the desert race today. he was taken to the medical tent because of concerns for his heart. explorer had to lie down intermittently during the last few hours of the run. he previously suffered two heart attacks and underwent a cancer operation.
at first glance, the president appeared to be sporting a new hairstyle. but upon closer inspection, it was in fact just a cleverly taken shot. the longer hairdo and dangly earrings did in fact belong to a woman. image emerged amid claims he is lining up his 24-year-old daughter.
police have seized the work 'under a court order' from Bilal Khaled. he is accused of buying the piece painted on a door belonging to the Darduna family without telling them its real value. the family says they were 'tricked' into parting with the valuable collector's item by the world famous street artist.
the former drummer and a founding member of the Southern hard rock band Lynyrd Skynyrd, Robert 'Bob' Burns Jr, died late Friday in a single-vehicle crash near Cartersville, Georgia. Burns' vehicle went off the road just before midnight as it approached a curve, striking a mailbox and a tree.
the Korean Demilitarized Zone (DMZ) is located along the no-man's land between the north and south. it is a hot spot for one of the world's most volatile and entrenched political stand-offs. the beaches, often filled with foreigners and day-trippers from the capital Seoul, feature an 'overlapping' of military installations.
pickens, 28, was fired by the chief of police in Orting, Washington, after just under a year on the town's police force. he was more used to drugs busts and violent robberies at his previous posting in Atlanta, but took a pay cut and moved to quiet Orting. but before his probation year was out, he said he had become the butt of racist jokes from residents and fellow cops. he was eventually fired for reasons he says are down to
leading financial broker, 46, could be heard 'groaning' and 'crying' by staff on the orange county-bound plane as it prepared to land. but instead of seeking medical help, the attendants allegedly left him in the cubicle and let off all other passengers before calling paramedics. a sheriff's report stated that Ilczyszyn's foot was wedged in the door as he 'groaned' and 'cried' at the end of the
mailman, 61, has been chaperoned back to his home in Ruskin, florida. he is expected to issue a statement today and has until 10am on Monday to register with a probation officer. he is charged with violating restricted airspace and operating an unregistered aircraft.
'non-dom' status allows 116,000 foreigners and people with foreign links to pay tax only on money that they bring into the country. a five-year grace period would exempt up to six in every ten non-doms from the crackdown anyway. but tax advisers immediately disputed this, saying driving non-doms away would in fact cost the Treasury significant sums.
the 39-year-old was 470 yards away from the pin when he hit a tree root. he slammed the club into a root, causing him to wince and grab his hand. it forced the joint out of place, but he shunned medical attention. he finished his round at 5-under-par on 283, tied for 17th.
the social media site deemed the clip as containing 'potentially offensive nudity' the video shows two elderly women painted in ochre in a trailer for 8MMM Aboriginal Radio. the show's co-creator called it'silly and disrespectful to the women who were dancing for us'
Neil MacGregor, 68, has been at the helm of the museum since 2002. he said it was 'a difficult thing' to decide to leave after 13 years in the job. 'the end of this year seems a good time to go,' he said.
temperatures expected to reach 25C (77F) in the south east today, beating most of the Mediterranean. this will beat Marseille at 22C (72F), Athens at 21C (70F), Rome at 19C (66F) and Madrid at 18C (64F) temperatures will drop slightly tomorrow as fresher weather arrives but days will remain sunny until next week.
the set was built on the edge of the water in Williamsburg, Brooklyn, the very spot where the couple had their first date. 'of course I was going to build a set for this guy to propose on,' said Justin Bettman.
David Hibbitt, 33, was diagnosed with stage-three bowel cancer in 2012. he underwent chemotherapy, radiotherapy and surgery to remove his bowel. doctors told him the disease was terminal so he decided to try cannabis oil. the father-of-one bought it from a local dealer for £50 a gram. he now claims he has been cancer-free since his last scan in January.
in 1996, at the age of 9, Jennifer was taken from her family and put in foster care where she remained until she was 18. a health care worker reported to police suspicions that the mother of three purposely poisoned her daughter with extra doses of medicine. police and child welfare authorities launched an investigation, and after a year amounted enough evidence to arrest Kathy on child abuse charges. after a long legal battle, a jury in 1999 found Kathy guilty of aggravated child abuse and sentenced her to
driver, named in Chinese media as'mr Zhang', drove past injured woman. when he arrived at his mother's house he saw her lying by the side of the road. when he returned to the scene of the accident he found his mother dying.
Mitchelle Blair, 35, from Michigan, is charged with felony murder, premeditated murder and torture. court officers carrying out a March 24 eviction at the family's apartment found the frozen corpses of 13-year-old Stoni Ann Blair and 9-year-old Stephen Gage Berry. Blair used an expletive Wednesday in juvenile court as visitation between her two living children and their fathers was discussed. she also said Alexander Dorsey was 'never there' for
the royal was greeted by an enthusiastic crowd at the Australian War Memorial in Canberra. he made a beeline for a youngster with a banner saying'redheads rule' revellers scrambled to get a piece of the royal on their camera phones.
the first minister said she would regard an 'out' vote as justification to reopen the question of breaking up the country. she also revealed she intends to be in London on may 8 - the day after the general election - to personally lead the SNP's negotiating team in the event of another hung parliament. the manifesto included proposals to seek to thwart the tories' planned in/out EU referendum by 2017.
only the Japanese, south Koreans and Singaporeans are moodier when day breaks. but we don’t feel as refreshed in the morning, according to results from users of the Sleep Cycle app.
a nervous Lindsey Vonn was back at augusta on friday to watch boyfriend Tiger Woods play in the second round of the Masters. this as the 14-time major winner carded a three-under-par 69. woods is 12 strokes behind leader, 21-year-old american star Jordan Spieth.
police have not revealed the identity of another man who was in the car with Scott when he was pulled over for having a broken tail light on his Mercedes. the man, who is not a relative, could shed light on what happened between the pair and the beginning of the bystander video which shows Scott being shot dead. the 33-year-old patrolman has been charged with murder after 50-year-old Walter Scott was gunned down last Saturday.
husband and wife Sandra, 53 and 52, from Plymouth, have spoken about their family feud on channel 5 documentary, Family Secrets and Lies. the couple have spoken about their family feud on c5 documentary, family secrets and lies, which airs tonight.
police say clarence Taylor, 44, faked his own kidnapping by duct taping his mouth and tying himself to a tree in Akron, Ohio. on November 1, Taylor's 45-year-old girlfriend called police, saying he had been missing for several days. the girlfriend received a call from another of Taylor's friends who said he had found him tied to a tree with zip ties in a wooded area near Stoner Creek and Pickford Ave.
Nicola Sturgeon's dress divided opinion on twitter during debate last night. viewers initially thought it was grey, but have since concluded it was green.
Clint Gee had planned to reunite his mother, Elizabeth Hobbs, with his father, who died in 1964. he made the five and a half hour drive to the cemetery out in Wandoan in regional Queensland. he paid a $342 fee after being upset with the council's reduced rate of more than $400. 'it was all a bit bloody stupid, but I had to do it,' he said.
seven-year-old's death was culmination of'repeated acts of cruelty' at hands of aunt. she was found cold and rigid in her bed by paramedics last July. her aunt, 23-year-old, is currently on trial for her murder.
112,000 drivers given fines or appeared in court for motorway offences last year. increase put down to introduction of'smart motorways' which use cameras. many drivers given minimum £100 fines despite driving under 70mph limit.
Daniel Boykin, 33, was sentenced to six months prison for unlawful photography, aggravated burglary, wiretapping, unlawful telephone recording and two computer crimes. at the time of his arrest last year, he was found with 92 videos of the victim — 29 taken from the airport bathroom — and 1,527 photographs. he also took photos of her clothing and stole pictures from her electronic devices.
the Icebergs Club pool was drained to create a monochrome catwalk. models paraded through the empty pool and along the break wall. the collection of ten is designed to be worn in 20 different ways.
hassan munshi and Talha asmal, both 17, from dewsbury, west Yorkshire, flew to turkey. imam of mosque used by relatives said they could be followed by friends. farouk younis: 'we need to talk to their friends and show them barbaric things that are going on there [in Syria] which are totally against Islam'
'[North] is obsessed with make-up and watching me get ready and getting ready herself,' the 34-year-old mother-of-one told Elle.com.'she could not be more ultimately girly-girl,' she said.
father-of-three was sentenced to death for murdering his family in 2001. he stuffed their bodies in suitcases and dumped them in coastal bays. he then went on a booze-fuelled holiday to the resort of cancun, mexico. he then posed as a shamed new york times reporter before being arrested. now a film about his life, True Story, has been released and he believes he can no longer be redeemed for his
president arrived at the Alfred Street Baptist Church in Alexandria,. Virginia, on Sunday morning with his wife and daughters for the festive service. the congregation rose to their feet in applause, before urging the congregation not to take selfies with the president. it acted as the warm up for the annual Easter Roll, during which Barack and Michelle will perform their highly-anticipated dance.
Janet Faal, 57, was out with a friend in a car park in crawley, west sussex. she moved a wooden pallet out of the way and fell down an open gap. miss Faal now has two black eyes and a suspected fractured leg after smashing her face on the pallet and being left in a'splits' position.
actress, 62, reveals she attempted suicide at age 43. daughter Jessica Orcsik was the one who found her. reveals her marriage breakdowns contributed to her depression.
a Utah photographer, Alan Lawrence, created a photo series in which his 18-month-old son, Wil, appears to be flying in many different scenes. the father of five has taken the limits off the child and given him a one-of-a-kind ability. the ability to fly. after receiving positive feedback, Lawrence decided to compile the photos in a calendar and plans to donate half the proceeds to two Down Syndrome foundations.
abdirahman sheik mohamud, a naturalized american of Somali descent, has been arrested and charged with supporting terrorism. the 23-year-old left the us a year ago with the intent to go to Syria and train with a terrorist group linked to al Qaeda in Iraq. after completing his training, a cleric with the group Jabhat al-Nusrah instructed him to return to the us and commit an act of terrorism, the indictment said
the so-called New Shepard spaceship is designed to fly three people and/or a mix of passengers and payloads to altitudes about 62 miles (100 km) above Earth. it will launch from Blue. Origin's west Texas facility near Van Horn, Texas, southeast of. El Paso. testing and development of the rocket engine, called BE-3, has been completed.
married Mormon elementary school teacher, 27, allegedly started flirting with the sixth grader at longview elementary school in Phoenix last august. the relationship turned sexual in January, according to police. the father-of-one allegedly kept in contact with the girl by messaging her on an iPod app, google hangouts, where she labeled his profile with a fake name, 'Jesse Smith'. he allegedly asked her mother if she could stay behind after class. on April 10, the girl told police
a new report from suncorp bank suggests australians have spent 50 per cent more on digital devices than planned in the last year. men spent twice as much as women on computers, digital accessories, mobile apps, and streaming services. families with children living at home are spending 50 per cent more to stay digitally connected to the world than singles, couples without children and empty nesters. mobile phone bills were the biggest expense, and also the biggest disparity for families.
a large protest opposing the closure of remote indigenous communities in western australia has shut down streets in central Melbourne. 'Enough is enough - where is the justice for Aboriginal people?' a speaker shouted to the crowd before the walk through CBD streets, flanked by police. this comes as the Queensland Police Service refuses to issue an apology to an Indigenous officer after claims the word 'Abor' was written on his station roster.
scientists quizzed more than 5,000 teenagers about their drinking habits. those who watched most films featured characters drinking were 20% more likely to have tried alcohol and 70% more likely to binge drink. between 1989 and 2008 almost three quarters of popular UK box office films depicted alcohol use - but only six per cent were classified as adult only.
vijay Chokal-Ingam claims he was only accepted into medical school in the late 1990s because he posed as a black man. he says he shaved his head, trimmed his 'long Indian eyelashes' and joined the Organization of Black Students during the process. his change in appearance was'so startling that my own fraternity brothers didn't recognize me'
'i've been very clear that Iran will not get a nuclear weapon on my watch, and I think they should understand that we mean it,' he said. 'it's been a hard period,' he said, adding that it is 'personally difficult' for him to hear his administration accused of not looking out for Israel's interests. 'we are powerful enough to be able to test these propositions without putting ourselves at risk,' he said.
sister of murdered schoolgirl speaks of family's agony as 20th anniversary approaches. 'we miss her so much but every memory of her is tainted - it is so painful and bleeds into everything we do,' says sister. detectives admit they are still searching for the 'golden nugget' to bring justice to her family.
the owner pleaded guilty to a charge of failing to provide appropriate and adequate living conditions for his cats. the pet owner was granted to have two of his cats returned under the RSPCA's supervision. the animal welfare group will be caring and rehoming the third cat.
the striking photographs show a shoal of fish making way for a blacktip shark swimming in the shallow waters of Heron Island in Queensland, australia. it is thought that the shark was not interested in catching a meal, but the fish naturally keep their distance. fish are thought to gain many benefits from shoaling behaviour, such as keeping safe from predators as well as boosting their chances of finding a mate.
police have discovered a body they believe to be Samantha Fleming, who was reported missing with her newborn daughter weeks ago. the three-week-old infant was discovered unharmed at a home in Gary on friday. in the same home, police found a body doused with bleach, wrapped in plastic and stuffed in a plastic storage bin.
Jason Warnock, 29, has been named as the hero who rescued 23-year-old mathew sitko after he crashed his car on a cliff in Lewiston, Idaho. but after saving the man, Warnock said he could not stay and rushed away from the scene. a photo of the moment he pulled the man from the wrecked car was shared online as authorities tried to identify him.
the 18-year-old tabby cat was last seen running off in the direction of a caravan park near his home in north Wales. he was found on a doorstep in west Yorkshire five weeks later. he has now been reunited with his owners after he posted on a lost and found cats Facebook group.
labour leader was out campaigning in Bristol this morning - his first public appearance since Saturday. while he decided to take the weekend off to spend time with his family, his political rivals wasted no opportunity to drum up support. labour election chiefs have reportedly calculated that it is better to keep a low profile outside of the live television debates.
modern family star's ex says he's always 'dreamed' of being a father. claims he wants to use embryos to have children of his own.
scientists found 50 galaxies emitting unusually high levels of radiation. this could be because aliens are harnessing the power of stars. however, further research is needed to confirm that is the case.
broadcaster recently hosted coverage of the boat race. she has vowed to do less after presenting everything from rugby league coverage to crufts. 44-year-old said it was 'exhausting' to be constantly asked about being gay.
system uses arachnid-like robots to construct large objects in orbit. spiderfab could cut construction costs by only launching raw materials into orbit.
the mansion promises a 'perfect private location' on seven secluded acres in Tampa. an august 2014 adult-themed party dubbed 'Midsummer Night Wet Dream' got the mansion, bought by Canadian millionaire Gordon Lownds, its first noise complaint. after months of complaints both lownds and Sean Grey, the mansion's manager, got hit with code violations.
'one of our core values in this country is that we are the land of equal opportunity, but when equal hasn't yet included gender, there is a fundamental challenge there,' said Clinton. she gave a candid interview to Elle magazine this month about motherhood and talks of how her own mom should be the first female president of the united states.
abase Hussen took daughter to extremist rally when she was just 13. he said teenager was'maybe' influenced by rally organised by al-muhajiroun. he blamed police for failing to stop his daughter fleeing to join is earlier this year.
political chocolates are made using layers of chocolate on top of chocolate. the face of each politician is emblazoned on milk Belgium chocolate bars. the £3.99 bars will be available for a limited time only.
the final day of Mercedes-Benz Fashion Week australia kicked off with an explosion of colour. design duo Luke Sales and Anna Plunkett presented their new collection 'Cooee Couture' at the art gallery of new south wales.
seven-year-old ran out of woods in front of inspector's van and started barking. when she opened her cab door, he bounded in and started licking her face. he was microchipped and traced to his owner, Kirsty Mitton, in wednesbury. miss Mitton's second terrier, Lillie, was also stolen from her home.
Kevin Jonas Rojano-Nieto, 20, raped a three-year-old girl at his family home in california in june. he sodomized the girl and covered her mouth so she couldn't scream out. the girl's mother called the police who found injuries consistent with rape. the judge said anything longer would be 'cruel and unusual punishment'
myer have teamed up with mattel to re-produce the iconic dolls. the iconic dolls will be on sale at five of their stores across the country. the first 100 customers can snap up the dolls for the original 1959 price of $3.00.
queen letizia, 42, teamed a white jacket with smart black trousers and heels. her daughters Princess Sofia and Princess Leonor wore pretty above-the-knee outfits reflecting the spring sunshine. it is the first time that princesses Leonor, 9, and Sofia, 7, have been spotted at a public engagement for several months.
the Ukip leader made the remarks after being asked at his manifesto launch last week to justify the scarcity of black and Asian faces. it was suggested the only black face in the document appeared on a page about overseas aid. the question provoked noisy barracking, including from a group of black and Asian candidates attending the launch.
Priscilla presley will be a witness at the first wedding to be held at an all-new chapel of love in Las Vegas. the 69-year-old collaborated with NBC's today show to launch a contest for one Elvis-obsessed couple to win the 'ultimate wedding' the winning couple will get married at Elvis Presley's Graceland Wedding Chapel inside the westgate hotel on Thursday, April 23.
employment rose above 31million in the three months to february, figures show. it is 557,000 higher than a year before, according to official figures. 'there are now two million more people in work than in 2010,' pm said.
Kim Kardashian, husband Kanye West, daughter North and sister Khloe are in the capital Yerevan on an eight-day visit. the visit is their first to the country their late father, Robert Kardashian, fled for the us. both Kim and Khloe have expressed their excitement at the chance to explore his homeland.
Margaret and Gary Mazan had their 14 Red Setters seized by inspectors. they were found in cramped cages in a garden shed with matted fur. three of the fully grown dogs were found crammed in puppy cages. the majority of the dogs were kept in a squalid garden shed. couple were jailed for 26 weeks and given a lifetime ban from owning pets.
the european union will accuse google of illegally abusing its supremacy on the internet search market. Brussels will say that Google has used its dominance as a search engine to divert internet users from rivals to its own services.
senator Bob corker, 62, denies partisan politics could derail agreement. said congressional oversight 'doesn't mean there won't be a deal'. added that 'if there's a deal, it's a deal that will stand the test of time'
80 per cent of our information about the outside world comes through our eyes. our eyes are capable of responding to one and a half million simultaneous messages. it takes more than just eye contact to get someone's attention.
new training will commence at Los Angeles International Airport, one of the airports named in the complaint filed by the american civil liberties union. the complaint was filed on behalf of malaika singleton, who said she was subjected to a hair pat-down with weeks of each other while traveling from los angeles to London in 2013. according to an ACLU statement, TSA agents grabbed Singleton's hair, which was styled in tightly-wound'sisterlocks,' and
Jordan Sharifi, 17, was taken into custody on friday by police in McKinney, Texas, who say he confessed to giving a gun and ammunition to 14-year-old Raymond Howell, Jr. on Thursday. he discovered Raymond's body in a rain culvert after the boy's mother called to ask him if he'd seen her son. when Raymond failed to respond, Sharifi turned him over and saw blood on his face, and found no pulse.
armed robbers used pink brollies to confuse staff as they raided 13 shops. stole £2,000 worth of cigarettes and £30,000 worth of cars in two-month spree. also threatened shop workers with hammers, knives and screwdrivers.
Rebecca Hannibal, 19, has pleaded guilty to supplying her best friend with 'purple speaker' ecstasy pills. police allege the pills were purchased from Matthew Forti, 19, who has been charged with supplying a prohibited drug between October 27 and November 8 last year. he has also been charged with supplying a prohibited drug in northbridge in January this year and possessing a drug in willoughby in February.
Natasha Elderfield, 41, is accused of murdering her boyfriend, 33, in abingdon, oxfordshire. court heard she flew into a rage when boyfriend interrupted her attempts to have sex with another man. she told police officers who arrested her:'my God, it's so ******g funny'
brazilian man, Nelson Felippe, was deeply offended by a scene he witnessed on a train platform in Rio de Janeiro. he took a photo, and expressed his disapproval on facebook. the image was shared more than 100,000 times in 24 hours.
number of Christians in the US will decline from three quarters in 2010 to just two thirds in 2050. percentage of atheists across the globe is expected to fall across the same time frame while Muslims will outnumber Christians by 2070. but those who do not affiliate with any religion will make up a 'declining share of the world's population'
the alleged mistress of clippers owner Donald sterling has been awarded nearly all of the nearly $3million she had sought to be returned from V. Stiviano. her lawyer had argued that the gifts were made when Donald and Shelly were separated and that she couldn't seek them from a third party. the ruling comes nearly a year after Stiviano's recording of Donald Sterling making racially offensive remarks bounced him from the NBA and cost him team ownership.
the vaccine is made from pieces of a protein called TARP that's found in about 95 per cent of prostate cancers. if successful, it could be used as a first line treatment for prostate and potentially breast cancer in the future. around 11,000 men in the uk die from the disease a year.
five-year-old girl believes her three siblings who died in the crash were eaten by crocodiles in the water. her siblings - one-year-old brother Bol and four-year-old twins Madit and Anger - died after their mother crashed her 4WD into a lake at Wyndham Vale in Melbourne's outer west. the children's father, Joseph Tito Manyang, says five-year-old Awel remains in a serious condition at the royal children's
British physicist Stephen Hawking has sung Monty Python's Galaxy Song. the song is being released digitally and on vinyl for Record Store Day 2015. it is a cover of the song from 1983 film Monty Python's Meaning of Life. Professor Hawking, 73, appeared on film alongside Professor Brian Cox.
wallenda's nephew, Rick Wallenda, said his aunt died following a lengthy illness. wallenda was the oldest daughter of high wire walker Karl Wallenda and grandmother of daredevil performer Nik Wallenda. her husband, Richard Faughnan, died in 1962 when a human pyramid collapsed.
'i think he had me checked out,' says garlington in an interview with people. he says he was an extra on a movie set when he first decided to check out the star, having heard rumors he was gay. he would sneak over to the star's house after work, and leave first thing in the morning. this lasted for three years, from 1962 until 1965, and they would just bring a date so people didn't know they were in fact dating.
Marie Hunt of spring green, Wisconsin, dropped out of high school after completing eighth grade when she found herself unable to get to her local high school. the centenarian was presented with an honorary degree by River Valley high school, 87 years after her classmates graduated.
Matthew Bird halved his income by quitting his well-paid job as an agricultural adviser to become a mechanic. he said he was happy to give up is $70,000 a year pay check for a meagre wage of $38,000 a year, if it meant his child support payment dropped to $554 a month. inland revenue recently amended their child support formula which was enforced on April 1.
senior constable Neale McShane has spent ten years as one of the most remotely stationed officers in australia. the 59-year-old has spent 40 years as an officer in three different states, but he says nothing compares to the immense heat and desolate conditions of patrolling Birsdville. temperatures in the region can reach over 50 degrees, giving rise to a number of desert rescues that he must execute every year.
the 14-bedroom south tower penthouse is on the 28th floor of the historic San Remo apartment building. it includes a 7,000 square foot living space and wrap around terraces with views of both central park and the Hudson River. if it sells for $75million, it will break the record for the most expensive co-op apartment ever sold on the upper west side in history.
posters were stuck on lampposts and bus stops across the suburb. they read: 'Islam is the only real workable solution for the UK' council says any religiously motivated stickers will be removed as a priority.
death rates in the uk are set to rise by 20 per cent over the next two decades. a'simple' funeral with a minister and undertaker now costs £3, 590. a'simple' funeral with a minister and undertaker now costs £3, 590.
the lake in Boulder, Colorado, has been invaded by 3,000 to 4,000 goldfish, which wildlife officials say started as someone dumping 'four or five' of their pets in the water two or three years ago. the fish are threatening to over-run the natural species in the lake, by eating up all their resources and spreading unnatural diseases. local officials are now considering two options - electroshocking the fish or draining the lake completely.
Nicole Mihai, 34, is being deported from new zealand after leaving her partner. she was told by the immigration agency that once her visa expires, she must return to Romania. however, the family court have ruled that her son, Chris, is not able to reside further than 50 kilometres from his father. she now faces a distressing battle with the immigration agency.
new research has found that items on sale at Poundland are up to 50 per cent more expensive than those sold in supermarkets. at Poundland shoppers can buy a 250g box of Kellogs cornflakes for £1, while at Tesco they can buy a 750g box of the cereal for the same price. two pints of mile cost £1 in Poundland but shoppers can get four pints in asda for 89p.
the 41-year-old is said to have posted a 'blasphemous' status on his facebook page. he told police he was sent the image over whatsapp while at home. but he allegedly admitted to prosecutors that he was the one who posted it. if found guilty, he could face seven years in jail and a fine of up to £186,000.
apple's watch goes on sale officially on April 24 online and through appointments in shops, including trendy fashion boutiques in Paris, London and Tokyo. there was immediately brisk bidding on eBay for confirmed orders for watches.
council put on taxpayer-funded dinner to'maintain morale' and encourage workers. staff feasted on roast turkey and potatoes cooked in duck fat. £500 worth of balloons and christmas crackers were adorning the dance floor. council chiefs paid £5,225 for caterers for the dinner in county down.
Feidin Santana, 23, visited the family's Charleston, south Carolina home on Thursday to meet with the man who filmed their son's death. he said he shared the footage because he wanted the family to know exactly how their son had died.
@BritishMonarchy amassed 970,000 followers during its time online. more than double the 446,000 picked up by prince of wales and @ClarenceHouse. the duchess of york is the next most followed royal with 82,400 followers.
the queen was joined by her husband the Duke of Edinburgh at a reception in Trafalgar Square, central london. she wore a long blue jacket which she wore over a cream and blue floral dress. posed for a photograph with the Calgary Highlanders - who were all dressed in kilts. prince philip sat for a portrait with the royal Hamilton light infantry.
the winner of 2013's Strictly Come Dancing joins singer Foxes, 25, and model Alice Dellal, 27, in the new series of pictures by photographer Simon Emmett. the model, 29, says she is proud to be part of a campaign that funds vital work towards ensuring the next generation of young women do not have be afraid of a diagnosis.
the funeral for tragic teacher Stephanie Scott will be held next Wednesday. her burned body was found last Friday around five metres from a road in canowindra national park. the parish priest officiating at the funeral is bracing himself for a hugely emotional occasion. he knows the family well and is expecting it to be a tough day for everyone.
the complex of affordable housing, funded and designed by the star wars director, would provide homes to 224 low-income families. the project, submitted for planning on Wednesday, would span 52 acres and cost around $200m.
a cancer-killing cocktail of the hormone drug tamoxifen and two coffees a day was found to reduce the risk of tumours returning by 50 per cent in women recovering from the disease. Tamoxifen kills off cancer cells or stunts their growth by blocking the cancer-causing hormone oestrogen from reaching diseased cells.
Kendra Moad of Kearns, Utah followed her grandfather out of the house as he moved his truck in the driveway. he did not see the 20-month-old toddler in front of his truck and ran over and killed her. this is the fourth time since august that a child was accidentally run over and killed in their own driveway by a family member in the state.
driver's car veered into path of oncoming traffic at 1.04pm, inquest hears. he was on his way home from speed awareness course in east yorkshire. his mother said: 'no mother should have to go through what i have'
ten-year-old golden retriever caught out by strong current on beach in leasowe, merseyside. with strength of tide, dog was quickly swept out to sea with owner launching rescue attempt. but as they were unable to save their pet, RNLI crew were called and managed to find Martha who was cold and shivering. they then pulled the dog on to the lifeboat after managing to grab her by the collar.
solar probe plus will carry four instrument suites into the corona and study the solar wind and energetic particles as they blast off the surface of the star. During the closest passes around the sun, temperatures outside the spacecraft will reach nearly 2,500 degrees Fahrenheit. over 24 orbits, the mission will use seven flybys of Venus to reduce its distance from the sun.
Kuku Kube is available for free on Facebook, Android, iOS and on desktop browsers. on each board, one of the squares is a slightly different shade of the same colour. players get a point for every correct square identified, but if they click or tap the wrong square they lose a point. players get just 60 seconds to find the odd square on each board before the timer runs out and the game ends.
listeners say vital last minutes of numerous shows have been left off versions. they branded problem ‘irritating’, ‘annoying’ and ‘frustrating’ and said it was ruining their enjoyment of the programmes. shows such as Dad’s Army and Hancock’s Half Hour have all fallen foul of the problem.
an estimated 1,000 dance halls sprung up around Texas in the 1800s, knitting together German, Czech, Polish and other immigrant communities. about 400 such halls still stand — many unused and decaying — but only two traditional Texas dance halls continue to operate on nearly a daily basis.
the church paid a father-son team of detectives $10,000 a week to track Ron Miscavige's every move, review his electronic correspondence and eavesdrop on his conversations. the claims come just weeks after the premiere of the explosive HBO documentary going clear, where former members of the church accused David Miscavige and his associates of systemic harassment, abuse and blackmail.
belinda, 56, from Essex, had hoped facelift would deal with her jowls. but bungling surgery left her with 'horrendous' scars around her ears. plastic surgeon consultant says scars are'very poor' and dragging down earlobes. belinda appeared on tonight's episode of tlc's extreme beauty disasters.
the independent festival was created in 2012 by a small team of friends to provide the perfect environment for kids and grown-ups to fully escape for a weekend. now entering its fourth year, Elderflower Fields builds upon the winning formula of a festival designed specifically for families with children. the diverse range of artists already confirmed for Elderflower Fields 2015 include Danny and the Champions of the World, Patch and the Giant, and Mr B The Gentleman Rhymer.
popular apps include MyFitnessPal and apple’s health app. but newer apps that monitor your heart rate, blood pressure and blood oxygen levels could be causing unnecessary worry without providing any benefit.
Khayree Gay, 31, was captured on friday at the Security Inn and Suites hotel in Lake City, south Carolina. he is facing federal charges for allegedly kidnapping a 53-year-old female employee of the national watch and diamond exchange in downtown Philadelphia. she was driven to the roof of the garage where she was beaten and shot seven times with a Taser. she handed over her ATM card, which the suspects used to fill the van with gas, and was zip-t
'feedee' Sarah Reign, 26, from new york, gorges on junk food in various states of undress to titillate paying male viewers. after working shifts as a security guard at a factory, she disrobes down to her underwear and switches on her webcam. she says fans love to watch her enjoying food; she might gorge on a whole chocolate cake or cover her stomach with butter.
the 43-year-old is the first presenter of the BBC dance contest to be nominated for the awards. it comes even though she was absent for almost a month while daughter matilda, eight, recovered after her costume accidentally caught fire.
Rachel Lynn Lehnardt, 35, 'threw a drunken party for her 16-year-old daughter' she 'played naked Twister with her friends before having sex with an 18-year-old male in the bathroom' she later 'had sex with her daughter's 16-year-old boyfriend'
the story was penned by the future monarch and tells the story of a 12-year-old girl, Alice Laselles, who was sent away to boarding school after her mother died. princess Victoria's story was written in her 'Composition' notebook as part of her studies with her governess, baroness Louise Lehzen. it bore the inscription: 'to my dear mamma, this my first attempt at composition is affectionately and dutifully inscribed by
belinda bartholomew claims she was racially abused at a butcher in bondi. she was buying a chicken for her and her Roosters star boyfriend to have for dinner. she claims the butcher called her a 'f***ing c***' and told her to go to 'an Aussie butcher' the butcher denies he called her names and said she was the one being rude. he has hit back saying she is 'lying
amateur cyclist plans to cycle the entire tour de France on a Raleigh Chopper. the 36-year-old personal trainer hopes his stunt will inspire others to take up cycling. he attempted the L'Etape du Tour last year and finished in the top 20 per cent.
Britt Lapthorne, from Melbourne, was last seen at the Latin Club Fuego in the coastal, tourist town of Dubrovnik. her body was found in nearby Boninovo bay, where it was almost three weeks after she disappeared on September 18. her family believe she was murdered, her body weighted down and dumped at sea. it has now emerged a Victorian inquest into her death will be closed.
cultural historian at Syracuse university, London, said whistling has all but disappeared over the last few decades. 70 percent of people were in agreement that they hear fewer people whistling compared with 20 or 30 years ago. a third said they were listening to ipods and personal music players instead of whistling.
pensions office worker sent out letter asking for £3,351,978,728,190,661. the bill is more than a thousands times the whole of Germany's annual gross domestic product. the £3.35 billion is also enough to pay the UK government debt nearly 2,000 times over.
basketball legend Kareem Abdul-Jabbar underwent emergency heart surgery. the 68-year-old had quadruple coronary bypass surgery earlier this week. successful surgery cleared a major blockage from the hall of famer's heart.
64 per cent of adults think they spend more when they shop with friends. nearly two-thirds admit they would rather shop by themselves than with pals.
colleen 'bob' 'bob' 'bob' 'bob' 'bob' 'bob' 'bob' 'bob' 'bob' 'bob' 'bob' 'bob' 'bob' 'bob' 'bob' 'bob' 'bob' 'bob' '
the map uses data from the California Roadkill Observation System, a volunteer-submitted database of instances where wildlife and vehicles collided over the past five years. major hotspots include the Sacramento area where I-80 and I-5 run across bypasses along the Pacific Flyway. in the region, marshy areas attract birds during migration resulting in high rates of roadkill.
second-hand car dealer, from Buckinghamshire, sells one every week. customers love the model because they don't require road tax or an MOT. they are cheaper to maintain than a modern car, with each one selling for £10,000.
former Treasury adviser will take responsibility for protecting people from rip-off pension and mortgage charges. she will also be in charge of financial education and Government policy to reward and encourage saving.
Catherine Grove, 28, vanished from the Church of Wells in Fayetteville, Arkansas, in July 2013. she returned six days later to the'religious cult' in wells, texas. she has now announced in a video that she will marry a church elder. church has been accused of sexual abuse, kidnapping and human trafficking. but they have strongly denied any wrongdoing.
baroness Brady was appearing at a national grid training centre in newark. she was joined by the prime minister to announce 16,000 new apprenticeships. he has pledged to create three million more apprenticeships over the next five years.
conchita Wurst has been transformed into Gustav Klimt's golden Adele. the poster will be on display on the streets of Vienna and cast in gold. the dress took over 1,000 hours to handcraft and took over 12,000 Swarovski crystals and 0.5kg of pearls.
Yervand Garginian, 60, filmed himself cooking chicken on an open charcoal barbecue using a traditional 'khorovats' recipe at a recent family gathering. his daughter posted the video to reddit and it has since been viewed more than five million times.
florist caused £13,000 worth of damage to the luxury cars. earlier that day she had attacked her former lover and his girlfriend. two days later she broke into her home in Ratby, leics. she attacked her ex-fiance's 19-year-old student daughter.
three of the controversial soldier's comrades claim that former chairman of the joint chiefs, admiral Mike Mullen, knew that he deserted his post in 2009. the claims mean that Mullen was in a position to tell the president his soldier had run away five years before national security Adviser Susan Rice told the world that Bergdahl served honorably. it also casts a huge shadow over the deal to swap five Taliban commanders for Bergdahl.
star of Destiny's Child, Michelle Williams, tweeted: 'Once again... #WalterScott' singer Janelle monáe said: 'this brought tears to my eyes. #WalterScott reminds me of my uncle, family. Can only imagine the pain his fam feels'
sophomore Tiffany Gay thought she was being led outside for a routine fire drill but instead she found her biggest crush, junior Luis Velasquez, holding a bouquet of flowers.
'no expense spared' jaunt will see couple renew their wedding vows in 'no expense spared' ceremony. couple have only just got back together after a short split because they want to have more children.
mark Ward Faville, of Christiansburg, Virginia, was found guilty of voluntary manslaughter in the death of his wife Anne, who died in 2000. after the verdict was read, Faville was taken away, and it was then he took his own life in the courthouse. a sheriff's deputy who was taking the man to a holding room could be heard screaming 'drop it, drop it,' and that the court was soon put on lockdown until 5pm.
massive fight broke out at Fat Tuesdays bar opening at Resorts world casino. fisticuffs escalated with guests grabbing chairs and poles to bring to fray. running gangs of fighters can be seen storming through the halls of the casino. four security guards and a police officer were injured in the brawl.
the image shows a stone-faced Arias dressed in an orange prison uniform. it's a sharp contrast from her original booking photo in which she displayed a smirk. she later said she flashed the grin because that's what her victim would have done if he were in the same situation. she also figured the mugshot would be all over the internet,'so why not?'
a tunnel could be built under the world's tallest mountain by 2020. china is planning to expand the Qinghai to Tibet railway 'at Nepal's request' the move shows Beijing building links with Nepal, a country India regards as firmly within its sphere of influence.
acetaminophen (paracetamol) is the main ingredient in the over-the-counter pain reliever Tylenol and paracetamol. this is the first time that this side effect has been discovered. acetaminophen has been in use for more than 70 years.
when Henry and Donna Lou Rayhons married seven years ago, it was a second chance at love for the devoted couple, both previously widowed. but their domestic routine of church activities and political functions unraveled as Donna's health began to fail. last year, the 78-year-old woman was moved into a nursing home, suffering from dementia and Alzheimers.
one house was filmed as it was carried along a street in Dungog, in the Hunter Valley, north of Sydney. another was filmed far away from its usual address in Toronto, near Lake Macquarie, west of Newcastle. three people have already died during the storms that continue to lash the central Hunter region.
the inquiry began in 2009, stopped taking evidence in 2011, but will not report until 2016. it was initially thought it would be delayed until after the election. but it has now been suggested the report will not be published until 2016.
nine-year-old boy was whipped with skipping ropes by his adoptive mother. he was also beaten with metal rods and water pipes by the 50-year-old. photographs of the boy's horrific injuries were shared online. his adoptive mother has been arrested on suspicion of child abuse.
IKEA's new service, Wedding Online, allows couples to wed via a process that resembles a mass group Skype. guests from all over the world can view the proceedings, as long as they have a webcam handy. couples need facebook accounts and working webcams to log in, and can choose from a range of ceremonies depending on their style.
couple took 14-year-old son out of school without permission for five-day holiday to Spain. they were originally fined £120 for the unauthorised absence from school. appealed unsuccessfully against fine and, after they did not pay, court bailiffs visited on march 6 demanding £1,230. grandmother paid up to stop bailiffs taking property to cover amount owed.
Mimi and Joe Lemay's five-year-old son Jacob was born a girl named Mia. from a very early age, he began rejecting his gender. his parents bought him a blue 'doggy sweater' that he wore for six months straight. when he turned three, he declared himself a boy.
the 51-year-old called former first lady a'revolutionary' woman. added that it's not just because she's a woman - but 'the type of woman she is'. 'her decades in our public life must not blind us to the fact that she represents new realities and possibilities'
former primary school teacher charged with dozens of sexual offences. the 32-year-old is accused of 28 offences including rape and sexual activity with a child. he will appear at Southampton Magistrates Court later this month.
sherry Arnold, 43, a popular maths teacher from the small town of Sidney, Montana, was on a morning jog on January 7 when she disappeared. she was pulled into a car by Spell and his friend, strangled to death, and then buried in a shallow grave in a rural area near williston, north Dakota. her body was found months later buried in a shallow grave in a rural area near williston, north Dakota.
henri Morris, 67, drugged a female employee in order to take naked photos of her. the married software executive was caught in an FBI sting. he was sentenced to 10 years in prison without the possibility of parole.
huge lump was 40 metres long and made up of fat and wet wipes. so heavy it caused the 1940s sewer in west london to break. so far the waste removed from the sewer is the equivalent weight of five Porsche 911s, which weigh 1.9 tonnes each.
Brian Nicol, 32, drowned in a pool at a luxury villa in the Costa del sol. he was staying with friends when he failed to resurface after a night out. his friends dragged him out of the water and tried to save him. police are investigating whether he suffered a blow to the head.
artist and journalist Alison Nastasi has collated a collection of intimate portraits featuring well-known artists with their furry friends. Featuring the likes of Salvador Dali, Salvador Dali, Georgia O'Keefe and many others, the book allows an intimate insight into the private lives of many great artists.
Vincent Stanford, 24, is accused of murdering high school teacher Stephanie Scott. he moved into a single-storey home with his mother and elder brother 13 months ago. his wife said he was a 'big strong fellow with dark, black eyes' who she and her husband would chat to over the fence. as he settled in, his identical twin brother settled in south australia.
the two major parties will only be separated by 0.1 per cent, according to the Daily Telegraph survey. the poll puts the tories at 31.8 per cent of the vote, with labour at just one tenth of a percentage point behind.
Sq Ldr Joll was involved in a strafing attack on a german aircraft in 1940. his plane was hit by ground fire and he was forced to crash land on a beach. he had trekked miles along a beach and persuaded a ship to take him back to england. ten minutes earlier his mother had received a telegram saying he was'missing believed killed' but he had survived and dropped in on his parents to say
liberal democrat leader reveals balance of power lies with wife Miriam. he was given option of moving family into grace-and-favour government mansion. but move was vetoed by his wife and they invited cameras into kitchen. revealed why they chose to remain with their three sons in £1.5m home.
six-year-old Nurhayada Sofia was out shopping with her mother. she suddenly disappeared through a gap and plunged five floors. she was killed on impact after suffering horrific head injuries.
imam's son may have met his father's killer days before he was shot dead. he was called to a job in the area where he was killed with his son. the man, who has not been identified, pretended to have lost his keys. he also told the imam there was no need for his son to accompany him again.
lorenzo Simon, 34, of Smethwick, killed his friend and dismembered his body. he then stuffed the body in a suitcase and threw it into a canal. police have now released video footage showing the pair dragging the cases. Simon was found guilty of murder at Birmingham crown court today. his girlfriend, Michelle Bird, was convicted of assisting an offender.
Tutors are deciding whether to bring back the exams. university said recent changes to exams system made it more difficult to decide which students to admit.
a doctor's wife and a student plunged from the living rooms of their flats. a workman was buried after a digger struck a load-bearing column. three people were hospitalised and 20 students were left homeless. landlords Naveed and Rizwan Hussain jailed for 12 months each.
former dragons’ den star said Ed Miliband’s plan to scrap the controversial ‘non-dom’ status had won him over. it comes after the hotelier signed a letter from more than 100 business leaders backing the tories’ economic record. the letter claimed that the 'conservative-led government has been good for business' and backed the cut in corporation tax to 20%.
the poem was addressed to'my dearest Stephanie and Aaron on your wedding day. This is for you' 'On this Your Special Day...My little sister/ Stephanie Clare Scott/ Is now a wedded wife/ Believe it or not,' the poem begins. the 26-year-old was due to marry her long-time partner of five years on Saturday.
a woman who may be a 'possible DUI driver' led the California Highway Patrol on a slow-speed chase through los angeles for almost an hour, officers said. the woman was 'weaving, accelerating and slowing down,' according to a tweet by the official CHP Southern Division twitter. Unlike typical police chases, the woman wasn't speeding and was driving at 35 and 40mph.
relatives of bomber Dzhokhar Tsarnaev refuse to accept that he was wrongfully convicted as part of a conspiracy by the u.s. the convicted bomber's aunt, Maret Tsarnaeva, and two other relatives said in an interview this week that they believed he was wrongfully convicted as part of a conspiracy by the u.s. the bomber's uncle, Said-Hussein Tsarnaev, told the magazine that '
prince will attend commemorations to mark centenary of gallipoli and anzac campaigns. the duchess of cambridge is due to give birth on the same day. obstetrician Guy Thorpe-Beeston will be in charge of the birth. leading obstetrician will be assisted by the queen's surgeon-gynaecologist.
fleas in Flagstaff, arizona, have tested positive for the deadly disease. the disease is most commonly carried by fleas and rodents. prairie dog deaths at Picture Canyon alerted authorities to possibility of outbreak. human cases have developed from close contact with cats who preyed on vermin. plague is contracted by as many as 2,000 people a year in the southwest.
teenager from Lahore in Punjab province Pakistan, who has been identified only as Nuaman, was beaten and burnt with Kerosene. he is now being treated at mayo hospital in lahore, one of the largest in the region. the 14-year-old said he did not know who had attacked him but said he would be able to identify the assailants if he saw them again.
three of the brand's most celebrated postergirls are the stars of their latest campaign. they don see-through macs, glossy blow-dries and push-up bras. each of the girls carries the pink striped umbrella as a prop.
Kyle Knox, 23, from London, was last seen alive at the foot of Ben Nevis on march 31. he was reported missing the following day when he failed to return to his hotel. when he vanished people were being urged not to go to Scotland's mountains.
ceara Lynch, 28, from Portland, Oregon, says her career began when she realized how much money she could make from selling her used underwear online. her first pair sold for $70. 'i always play a dominant role, and I tap into things like cuckolding, small penis humiliation, foot fetish, foot fetish,' she says.
baby was found face down in toilet bowl at Silcock's amusement arcade in southport. she was named baby April by staff at ormskirk hospital where she is being treated. police say they have traced the mother to an address in the area. she was just hours old when she was discovered at 6.50pm yesterday.
travel site, WanderBat, has ranked the top 22 airlines around the world. Qatar Airways scored a perfect 100 thanks to flight punctuality, its modern fleet and the minimal extra fees it charges. the top three airlines showed how the Gulf and Asia are dominating the travel market.
'Club' is a new name for the cruise line, which has two ships in its fleet, Journey and Quest, which each carry about 680 passengers. the smaller size of the ships means they can access ports off-limits to the bigger vessels. guests can enjoy'standard spirits, international beers and wines at all ship bars during regular bar hours' for no extra charge.
suspect arrested after duffel bag containing human remains found on saturday. it was found on Loughery Way in Cambridge, just a block away from police station. it comes as more human remains have been found in apartment complex. all of the remains are believed to belong to one person, officials said. victim's death is being treated as homicide, according to authorities.
Donald Graham, 62, killed heiress and property developer Janet Brown, 45. he stole £300,000 of her savings, her Land Rover and Porsche. he also took her horses and tried to siphon off thousands from her estate. he was last year jailed for life with a minimum of 32 years for killing her. but now has no available assets and must pay back just back £1.
3.7 million of the short-fused gun owners also confessed to carrying their weapons outside of the home. majority of angry gun owners were young or middle aged men. they were more likely to live in suburban areas and be married.
a court in the country's capital Cairo acquitted the 63-year-old leader of charges that would have seen him face the death penalty. fourteen others were convicted on the same charges, with most also sentenced to 20 years in jail. but the court cleared the defendants on charges of inciting murder over the deaths of a journalist and two protesters.
former police inspector said his son had 'his life threatened by a well-known associate of criminals' two years ago. hackett jumped on a plane to his parent's home in the gold coast. the 34-year-old swimmer earned a 2015 world titles relay team berth.
the donor carries a defective gene known as neurofibromatosis 1 (NF1) it can pass on a severe, life-limiting condition to his offspring. ten of his offspring have already been diagnosed with NF1. a child born from a parent with the defective gene has up to a 50 per cent chance of developing the disease.
family were travelling back to the us after a birthday trip to Disney world. they discovered their luggage was wet with vomit and complained to cabin crew. staff refused to clean an affected area of floor before take-off.
Kevin Gill, 45, found the alligator outside his Naples, florida, home. he thought his 13-year-old son could care for the reptile while learning about gators. but when deputies came across the baby gator, they told him it was illegal. it is a felony in florida to keep an alligator without a license, regardless of its size.
each floor is dedicated to one of the Dewey Decimal System's 10 major categories. each room is decorated according to a genre or topic within the categories. erotic literature, economics, middle eastern language, computers and Native American religion are among the categories.
'i will be wearing a suit, I will more than likely be showered,' he joked. he announced a competition to get tickets to his final show. it comes after he revealed he decided to quit because he was becoming increasingly depressed by american politics and watching cable news.
the catwalk was part of the central china stage of the annual Miss Bikini of the Universe contest. the uneven footpath along the side of the Luanchuan Laojun mountain in central china is only one-metre wide.
'he was an honorable public servant, a history-maker, a beloved family man and a strong friend and fighter for Arizona,' said Arizona governor Doug Ducey. growing up on the US-Mexico border near Douglas, Arizona, Castro saw discrimination around him. when he could not get a job as a teacher — schools did not hire educators of Mexican descent back then — he became a drifter for a while, working as a farm hand and boxing here
the 16-year-old's sister discovered the raunchy emails and told their mother, who then called police. when investigators came to interview the girl, she allegedly admitted to her relationship with the married teacher nearly 50 years her senior.
a 4ft long guided missile in a rocket launcher was on top of a barge in reading. alongside the fake warhead were the head and shoulders of a convincing-looking man, his eyes staring grimly from holes in a balaclava shrouding his face.
a new york city cop checking in on his elderly parents on friday was horrified to find them dead along with two other guests in their home. the victims, all in their 70s and 80s, were named as Jerry and Marrianne Hugel, who were in their 80s and had known her for 40 years. it appears the car was left running in the garage, but it was unclear for how long, investigators said.
Kibulu the African lion cub was rejected by his mother at the NSW Zoo. zoo keepers decided it wasn't safe for him to stay at the retreat in western Sydney. nine months later, and weighing close to 80 kilograms, he still shares director Donna's bed most nights. he still carries his teddy bear around with him and loves to suck on people's thumbs.
the rare archive photo, and several other portraits, have been discovered in a Hitler ‘fan magazine’ from the Thirties. tattered copy of the magazine was found by a British soldier in a bombed german house after the war.
'your child is 100 times more likely to be struck by lightning than to have a severe reaction to a vaccine; that's a fact,' Kristen said in an interview for the may issue of good housekeeping. the mother of two daughters, Lincoln, two, and Delta, just four months, shares how her views on vaccinations actually changed after the birth of her daughters.
the casket of basketball player Lauren Hill has been moved into the arena where she made her first basket in a college game five months ago. the 19-year-old was diagnosed with a rare form of inoperable brain cancer just after her 18th birthday. she was told she would not live past December but died four months later this month after playing with her college team to raise $1.5million for cancer research.
a 34-year-old man is seen on video deliberately knocking an elderly man to the floor. the 63-year-old then stumbles backwards and falls to the floor in a road. the man then walks off as people gasp and try to help the victim. he was taken to hospital and treated for bruising on his face. the man was named on social media as a manager called Terry.
jade Walters, 21, loaned out her pet horse Magic to help a young girl learn to ride. she was horrified to discover the family looking after him had sold him at auction. an appeal for his whereabouts has been shared 58,000 times on social media sites.
the 56-year-old performs a stand-up routine on the Tonight show on tuesday. she's been lambasted for her first-ever stand-up routine.
Holly Littlefield, 16, was arrested and held in police cell for 14 hours. she was too scared to return to school for two days and taunted by classmates. teenager told court she was 'crying and distressed' and struggled to sleep. she remained under suspicion for nearly three weeks after being released on bail.
the robot sub was examining the depths of the Gulf of Mexico off the coast of Louisiana when a giant sperm whale swam to inspect it. the sperm whale is listed as an endangered species under the U.S. Endangered Species Act.
Jonny Bucknell, 58, was enjoying his meal in the council chamber. a labour rival, theo blackwell, spotted him and alerted other councillors. mayor, lazzaro pietragnoli, interrupted the proceedings to tell him off. angry diner claims he was unaware eating there was forbidden.
'you have been given a license to kill (as James Bond), I'm now giving you a license to save,' U.N. secretary-general Ban Ki-moon said. last year, the united nations destroyed more than 400,000 land mines and explosive remnants of war and more than 2,000 tons of obsolete ammunition.
the dog was discovered in the play area of an animal shelter in antioch, california, with injuries to its ears and stomach. it is believed the pet, named Fireman by its rescuers, was burned by chemicals at a foster home.
007 should have died at least three times in his most recent movie, skyfall. one before the opening credits rolled that would have 'turned his lungs out' other top films would also have struggled to escape from their injuries.
researchers sequenced the microbiomes of Yanomami people living in a remote amazon village in Venezuela who had not had previous contact with non-Yanomami. found that Yanomami people harbor microbiomes with the highest diversity of bacteria and genetic functions ever reported in a human group.
the Securities and Exchange Commission announced the charges Monday against William D. Allen, Susan Daub and their Capital Financial Partners investment firms. Allen, 36, was a cornerback in the NFL from 2001 to 2012, playing for the new york Giants and the Miami Dolphins. the agency said Allen and daub paid about $20 million to investors but received only around $13 million in loan repayments from athletes.
eight-month-old puppy was banned from getting close to the prime minister. aides ordered that the dog be kept well away from the tory leader. he had spoken to voters in the street as he left his speech in Cheltenham.
global sales of $14.97 billion. fell marginally from 2013. 'frozen' soundtrack sold 10 million copies. 'Happy' was the top single, selling 13.9 million copies.
the pilgrimage, known as the Way of St James, attracts thousands of pilgrims every year, but there can be very few places to go when nature calls. angry residents have complained about pilgrims defecating outside their homes. the signs are posted next to warnings that urge people not to litter.
the 45-year-old has released a video documenting his 'bored' unemployed lifestyle. he is seen lying on a wall shouting 'bored' to himself and his dog. the amusing film has already been watched by 230,000 people.
police have arrested 32-year-old in connection with disappearance of his former lodger, Adriana Giogiosa. neighbours say he sacrificed live animals prompting series of complaints to police. he has been dubbed the 'Majadahonda Ripper' after police searched his home in a suburb of Madrid, spanish.
supervoid may account for anomaly in cosmic microwave background radiation. it is 20 per cent less dense than other regions of the universe and 10,000 less galaxies. if confirmed, it would be the largest single structure ever found by humanity.
union calls for more research into how long working hours affect staff health. one member highlighted how staff at a hospital in Staffordshire are expected to work six long days a week, totalling 78 hours a week. in a stretched NHS longer shifts are now more common, offering a cost-effective strategy.
Hiroshi Ueda invented the extender stick in the 1980s while working for minolta. he came up with the idea after struggling to get pictures of himself and his wife together while they were in Europe. the extender stick was designed for use with new compact cameras that were being developed at the time.
the 24-year-old has designed a summer range full of pastels and florals. says she's designed for the woman wanting to embrace wearable catwalk trends. says she works out to keep her curves and doesn't try and lose weight.
lib dem leader said wealthy people would not mind having to 'chip in a bit' to protect services in areas where one in 10 homes are vacant for much of the year. well-off buying up homes in tourist hotspots has driven up property values, leaving local people priced out of the areas where they grew up.
poll shows 49% of people plan to vote for the SNP, with just 25% backing Labour. the results have delighted Nicola Sturgeon who insists she is taking 'absolutely nothing for granted'
a Washington, DC-based company called United Space Structures wants to create a new space station. their giant cylinder could apparently replace the ISS. it would rotate four times per minute to create artificial gravity. it would be 1,300ft (400 metres) long, cost £200 billion ($300 billion) and take 30 years to build. the final design would be 330ft (100 metres) in diameter and 1,310ft (400 metres) long.
doctors sent letter to dean of Columbia's Faculties of Health Sciences and Medicine. accused him of pushing'miracle' weight-loss supplements. accused him of promoting 'quack treatments and cures' in interest of 'financial gain'
Glenn Mason, 56, plundered accounts of nine pensioners in biggin hill, Kent. he got away with thefts for almost a year before his arrest in 2012. his attempts to cover up his crime led to two colleagues being sacked.
a member of the public snapped the man in a field in Benington, Lincolnshire. he casually stood in the middle of the crops urinating on the plants. a toilet was only 18 metres away but he decided to urinate in the field. TH Clements & Son said he was sacked with immediate effect.
binman filmed lifting bags out of wheelie bins before tossing them down alley. frustrated residents thought he was dumping bags on their doorstep. council workers placed stickers on bags warning them they could face fines.
scientists in California have described how to create artificial auroras on Earth. they said a particle accelerator could be sent 185 miles (300km) up into space. it would then fire high-energy beams back at Earth's atmosphere. and it could even create lightning in the atmosphere.
prince Abdul Malik wed bride Dayangku Raabi'atul 'Adawiyyah Pengiran Haji Bolkiah in opulent ceremony yesterday. the royal couple aren't the first to say I do at a ceremony costing millions. even stars like Kim Kardashian and Elizabeth Taylor continue to spend millions on their big day.
the Chancellor was given a tour of the numatic factory in Chard, Somerset. onlookers could not help noticing the striking similarities. he was given a tour of the factory where the machines are built.
casey Veal's son Zayden was just 10 months old when he was bludgeoned to death by a drug-crazed burglar who broke into their home at random. the culprit was 19-year-old Harley Hicks who bashed baby Zayden more than 30 times with a homemade baton during a senseless and unprovoked robbery.'my son was murdered so he could get a hit of ice. that's it,
labour rising star was chief economics adviser to the Chancellor. he had been back in the uk for two months after a brief spell as a lecturer. but a young woman called Justine Thornton became transfixed by him. she had been invited by the brilliant daughter of musical comedy duo.
crack cocaine users visit open-air bazaars in the slums of Rio de Janeiro to buy rocks of the drug and smoke it in plain sight, day or night. some of whom once held jobs, had loving families and harbored dreams of a better existence - all lost to their addictions. one of those willing to open up and share her story was 17-year-old Ketellin Silva who posed for a portrait in the open-air crack cocaine market.
sheila secker, 78, had not used her pay-as-you-go phone for some time. when she collapsed, she could not contact her family and died in hospital. her son said she had owned the mobile phone for 14 years.
Stephen Howells, 39, and his 25-year-old girlfriend Nicole Vaisey, from Hermon, new york, were charged last summer with sexually exploiting the girls. they each face kidnapping and federal child exploitation charges. the girls, then seven and 12, were abducted from their family's farm roadside vegetable stand in rural oswegatchie, near the canada border.
the study released on Thursday by the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention found that about 30 percent of women who'd had a child became pregnant again within 18 months. about 20 percent had babies more than 5 years apart. white women had the shortest spacing — about 2 years, 2 months on average. black and Hispanic women typically waited 212 years or longer.
the goggles were given to him by a prisoner to thank him for retrieving a stolen hat. the pair shared good wine and smoked ‘excellent cigars’, according to Gambier-Parry's granddaughter.
manager Raymond Townsend was found liable for sexual harassment. his dispatcher, Geralyn Ganci, 32, refused to have sex with him for more than a year. he sent her texts saying he 'had to pull over to the side of the road and masturbate thinking about me' a judge has settled the final amount owed by US Limousine at more than $700,000.
83-year-old's mother ora mae died in 1943 when he was just 12 years old. he assumed there were no surviving photographs of her. but his granddaughter, Andrea Ferrell, 29, gave him an old photograph. it dates from the 1920s and shows his mother as a teenager. as he realizes what it is, he chokes up and starts crying. he asks 'where'd it come from?', prompting Ferrell to explain.
rep. darrell Issa asked then secretary of state about use of personal email. but he was ignored until more than a month after she had stepped down. the letter, obtained by the new york times, casts a further shadow over her.
memo for members of congress says 'the UK may not be viewed as centrally relevant to the united states in all of the issues and relations considered a priority on the us agenda' warns that the UK faces turmoil if there is a hung parliament.
a lawsuit filed by a grandmother from south carolina claims orcas are being kept in 8ft deep holding pools. the resulting burns are so bad staff are forced to paint the orcas with black zinc oxide to disguise the injuries. this is the second lawsuit against seaworld in less than a month.
Nicola Sturgeon said she would back calls for all tax powers to be devolved to scotland 'as soon as possible' but labour leader Jim Murphy warned this would leave a £7.6billion black hole in the country's finances. the first minister was booed for refusing to rule out a snap second referendum after the election.
sheriff said the former football star knows how to use his charm and manipulate better than anyone he has ever seen. 'he would make every effort to get extra sandwiches,' sheriff said. Hernandez was convicted April 15 of the 2013 killing of Odin Lloyd, who was dating the sister of Hernandez's fiancee. he will ultimately end up at the maximum-security souza-baranowski state prison.
'i'm so happy,' Nyia Parler, 41, commented under a new picture of her cuddling her boyfriend on tuesday. just 24 hours earlier, police say she wheeled her care-dependent son into a park near their home in south west Philadelphia and left him there. 'nyia call me asap,' and 'how the hell you happy?!? call me!', frantically replied relatives contacted by the boy's school
a civil servant leaked an official account of a private meeting between Nicola sturgeon and the french ambassador. ms sturgeon said she did not think labour leader ed miliband was 'prime minister material' she told supporters at a rally in Glasgow today that she had written to Sir Jeremy to demand an official investigation.
Georgina Chapman, 39, shared an image of a bouquet of flowers he bought her on her birthday. 'thank you for my beautiful flowers!!! #wonderfulhusband #birthday,' she wrote alongside the photo. comes just four days after her husband learned he will not face criminal charges after italian model ambra Battilana, 22, told police he groped her.
the 72-year-old's long-term employer, the BBC, is still reeling from a string of allegations levelled against former staff. several media personalities were investigated and arrested following the launch of Operation Yewtree, including broadcasters Dave Lee Travis and Rolf Harris. the probe also exposed abuse by paedophile DJ Savile, who sexually assaulted staff and patients aged between 5 and 75 over several decades.
father-of-two said he felt lucky to be alive after he narrowly missed being burnt by flames shooting out of a manhole. the 36-year-old had been walking to his local takeaway when he heard buzzing from the ground just a few feet behind him. as he turned around he noticed the charred ground and watched on as thick black smoke began billowing from the manhole. smoke was followed by a huge blast of flame which shot out 15-foot of the
connie Phillips of los angeles died in the summer of 2012 from breast cancer. her daughter, Amber Phillips, expressed her support for the right to die law introduced in California on Tuesday that if passed next year will legalize physician assisted suicide for terminally ill patients. connie Phillips fought her illness for years before expressing her desire to end her suffering.
family flew to Prague for proton beam therapy, and now say there is 'no evidence' of a tumour. doctors say he should have undergone chemotherapy within six weeks of his original surgery to remove the tumour. but consultant says it is too early to say he has been cured. he said: 'every month that goes by that he's not getting chemotherapy, his outcome worsens'
amie cox, 33, of Victoria, made the ready admission of the sensory bond she has for son Alex, 5, over her older son William, 7. she said she has been attacked on the SBS insight website, but that she is a 'normal loving Mum' who treats her boys equally. the revelations came to light during the taping of an SBS Insight programme about sibling rivalry.
jovial dictator allegedly scaled the 9,000ft high mountain before sunrise. he greeted pilots at the summit and told them climb was like 'nuclear weapons'.
almost 30 million health records nationwide were involved in criminal theft, malicious hacking or other data breaches over four years. most involved electronic data and theft, including stolen laptops and computer thumb drives. hackings doubled during the study, from almost 5 percent of incidents in 2010 to almost 9 percent in 2013.
leslie cooper, 36, charged with murder of imam in wembley last week. he appeared in court today and will appear at the old Bailey later this week. second man, 61, arrested on suspicion of conspiracy to murder.
three years ago he was virtually scared to leave the safety of his Treasury office. his nervy demeanour and pallid complexion reflected the sickly economy. in the eyes of critics he was a hate figure – and it was getting to him. the nadir came when the Chancellor was booed at the paralympics.
queen's hospital, Burton, ran out of space to store bodies in mortuary. spokesman claims use of a lorry is 'normal practice across the country'.
married couple claim neighbours 'horrified' them over petty dispute. they moved a gate at the back of their £210,000 house in poole, Dorset. 67-year-old accused the Coplestons of putting the gate up on his land. when they challenged him they installed CCTV cameras to catch him. but on friday the case against him was dismissed by magistrates.
the 14-storey booster manages to hit the barge, but its high speed and tilt causes it to explode on impact. the maneuver was attempted following the launch of the Falcon 9 rocket a few minutes earlier from Cape Canaveral in florida. soon after the launch, billionaire SpaceX founder, Elon Musk, tweeted: 'Ascent successful. Dragon enroute to space station. Rocket landed on droneship, but too hard for survival'
lupus sufferer Harley Jo Skorpenske discovered a note on her car after stopping at a CVS in Cleveland, ohio. the note read: 'when you take a handicap spot, an actual disabled person suffers. you were not raised as you should have been' her mother, corinna, took to facebook to publicly shame the anonymous note writer, while also defending her daughter and her condition.
bishops in the u.s. have slammed the six-part series as a 'prejudice-laden presentation of the past' after it was broadcast in the u.s. for the first time. a review for the Catholic News Service in America said the show encourages the audience to 'root for the self-made commoner' Thomas Cromwell. the depiction of a catholic martyr, played by Anton Lesser, is'sleazy,
a security guard who shot dead a masked gunman, only to discover seconds later the man was his friend, says he is still haunted by the attack which took place almost a year ago. in an interview with nine network's a current affair, he recalled the day he was going about his usual drop off of funds at a local tavern in Queensland. 'it was like every other morning, I was always vigilant, I was always keeping an eye
young parents were abused by a middle-aged woman on a train in sydney. a formal investigation is 'definitely' under way into the racially-charged incident. their mosque in Holland Park has offered them an all-expenses-paid trip to the gold coast to see their mosque.'stacey thanks again for your support for us on that day...i generally believe that you and many other Australian do respect all religions,' said the 23-
leanne Mitchell has been dropped by her record label and is now a holiday camp performer. her debut single, a cover of Whitney Houston's I Would Run To You, failed to make the top 50. her mentor Ricky Wilson is confident he can break the curse of previous winners who have failed to do anything but flop out of the charts.
Thomas Buckett plunged 15ft on to concrete floor after friends dared him to jump on a glass skylight. bungled break-in took place at Clayton hall business and language college in Stoke-on-Trent in may 2010. police officer who investigated the break-in wrote an email of support to the council stating that he had made the family aware 'this incident was the fault of Thomas and his friends messing around'
Jessica Kemp says teachers at Seminole county elementary threatened to remove kindergartner Logan from class because the oils smelled. the 32-year-old says she applies the liquid to his head and neck as it helps him keep calm and focused. she claims a teacher's aide complained about the oils. despite the threat, she insists the use of the oils has a positive impact on her son.
unidentified prisoner says he was loaded into a police van after Freddie gray on April 12. he claims he heard the 25-year-old 'banging against the walls' and 'intentionally trying to injure himself' the statement was cited in a warrant to search an arresting officer's clothing for possible traces of Gray's DNA. the prisoner remains jailed for violating a restraining order.
the spacecraft has taken its first colour image of the dwarf planet and its largest moon Charon. taken from a distance of 71 million miles (115 million km), the blurry image doesn't reveal a huge amount of detail. but as the spacecraft gets closer and closer, the images will continue to improve until it flies by on 14 July - humanity’s first ever visit to Pluto.
angela Kelly, 67, spent many years wearing high heel shoes. now she is a super-fit event organiser. her story is a cautionary tale for those of us who blithely slip our feet into shoes several inches high.
a gun that fires the same caliber bullet that killed Andrew Sadek is missing from their family farm near the tiny town of Rogers. how his body ended up in the red river has not been explained and no gun was found. his mother, Tammy Sadek believes he signed his death warrant when he began working for a drug task force as a confidential informant.
women are most popular at 25 years and 10 months. men hit the friendship high a little later at 27 years and three months. social networks such as facebook and twitter now play a major role in nurturing new friendships.
the wrinkles on the 62-year-old's forehead, clearly visibly in previous pictures, have disappeared. his skin looks smooth, taut, tanned and younger than ever. a black and white picture taken in 1991 shows him looking gaunt, and black bags under his eyes are clearly visible.
french model is filmed and photographed as she 'ages' an average of five years. the public judge her as older - from as young as 26 to as old as 40. she is photographed at the beginning of her day and at the end - at 7am and 9.47pm. both images are judged independently by people on the street.
property in smugglers cove, near portreath, has summer and winter cottages. the property has seven bedrooms, six reception rooms and seven bathrooms. the summer cottage has three bedrooms and the winter cottage has four.
Jason Rezaian, 39, is the Washington Post's Tehran bureau chief. he is accused of 'espionage' and 'acting against national security' an Iranian news agency considered to be close to the ultra conservative hard-liners claims that he obtained economic and industrial information from the country and then sold it to unnamed Americans.
the 'Cripmas' party, held last December, had white students throwing stereotypical gang symbols while dressed in red and blue bandanas, T-shirts with images of the late rapper Tupac Shakur and fake 'thug' tattoos. photos from the party flooded social media and were accompanied by comments such as: 'Merry Cripmas to all, and all a hood night'
paramedics were called to cockle bay wharf in darling harbour on saturday. a man was fished out of the water but lost his footing and fell backwards. he fell backwards again and was taken to hospital as a precaution.
parents Craig and Bonnie Morgan want their children to have the best possible start in life. they decided to put their house on the market to help pay for his prep school fees. they have also slashed their weekly grocery bills by more than half. they hope members of the public will help them achieve their dream.
the pontiff made the comments at a 100th anniversary mass on. Sunday. turkey told the Vatican ambassador it was 'deeply sorry and disappointed' in him.
the infamous Chilkoot Trail was used by thousands of men during the Klondike gold rush. thousands of men and thousands of pack animals lost their lives as they headed to Canada's frozen wastes. the 32-mile hike took weeks to complete but even then their journey was far from over.
traces of compounds found in camomile and yarrow found on teeth of 50,000-year-old Neanderthals found in Spain. anthropologists say they may have used them to make food more palatable. animal bones found at sites known to have been inhabited by Neanderthals are 90% free of gnaw marks.
the male animal was first seen by a local walking his dog in a park near the Church of the Holy Apostles at 28th and Ninth Avenue in Chelsea. after the resident alerted two workers to the sighting, police arrived at the scene. however, the coyote did not surrender easily, sprinting across the grass and dodging cops' attempts to catch it. it was captured more than an hour later when emergency services unit officers finally managed to shoot the animal with a dart laced
a woman who boarded the driver's bus in queens recorded him looking at papers and driving with his wrists and forearms. she was'shocked' that the behavior continued the entire ten minutes she was on the bus, in which all the seats were full. the papers in his hand were likely timetables used to make sure he was stopping at all the correct junctures.
the bodies of a 37-year-old woman, a 2-year-old girl and an 8-year-old boy were discovered by police Monday night. investigators were trying to determine the circumstances surrounding the deaths. the victims have been identified as Christie Fradeneck, her daughter Celeste Fradeneck and her son Timothy Fradeneck.
the iconic Sydney Harbour Bridge has topped the list as the most photographed australian landmark on Instagram. with 342,969 photos, it trumps Sydney's popular Bondi Beach which has been ranked second with 261,911 photos. it is followed by the world heritage listed Sydney opera house with 134,641.
the eight-page handout, entitled Islam/Radical Islam (Did You Know), made unsubstantiated claims like: '38 percent of Muslims believe people that leave the faith should be executed' it also mentioned Sharia Law, jihad, and had a section entitled; 'If taken hostage by radical Islamists, what to do' authorities haven't released the name of the teacher at Foster High School in Richmond or what discipline he faces.
90 per cent of bets on the sex have been in favour of a female child. the odds were slashed after a punter placed £2,000 on a new princess. the 18th, 19th and 20th April are the most popular choices.
high school teacher Stephanie Scott was murdered on Easter Sunday. a memorial service will be held at the venue where she was set to wed. the 26-year-old was excitedly preparing the last minute details for her wedding and her honeymoon to Tahiti with her partner of five years. she was set to tie the knot last Saturday at the Eat Your Greens centre in Eugowra.
ex-england defender is part of a new campaign to encourage minorities to register to vote in next month's general election. the campaign, run by operation black vote, features the stars in striking photographs ahead of the voting registration deadline on April 20.
pastor at Christ the King in Ann Arbor, suggested churchgoers attend classes to gain a concealed pistol license. in a pro-gun letter to parishioners, he warned that crime had gone up in the area while budget cuts meant that there had been a'reduction in the availability of an armed police response'
artist Plastic Jesus erected seven 'NO Kardashian Parking Anytime' signs around Hollywood this week. he says he got the idea while driving down Melrose Avenue in l.a. a few weeks ago, when traffic came to a complete halt because of a Kardashian shopping on the street. 'the Kardashian family has become ingrained in our culture,' he said.
the 37-year-old fashion veteran posed with her two-year-old son on the beach nine weeks after giving birth to her daughter Cecilia Kathryn.
people have made the most of the sunny weather this weekend by heading to beaches and parks across the country. best temperatures at 2pm today were 16.2C (61.2F) at Achnagart in the Scottish Highlands, followed by 14.5C (58.1F) in Plymouth. incoming high tides and strong winds have prompted five flood alerts to be in place today - for Devon, Cornwall, Somerset, Bristol and Cumbria.
scythe expert says his own physique is more like rocker Iggy Pop.
the Bouea macrophylla – or mango plum – has been nicknamed the plango. it has a bright orange edible skin, which is firmer than a plum. it has a sweet taste similar to an Alphonso mango but with a softer texture. the Meyer lemon is a naturally occurring cross between a lemon and a mandarin.
Liam Linford Oliver-Christie, 29, caught with drugs under floorboards in west london. officers uncovered haul and 'drugs paraphernalia' with help of sniffer dog. he admitted two counts of possessing class A drugs at court today.
thirteen people were killed and 31 were injured in the 2009 attack carried out by an army psychiatrist who is now on military death row. the army gave the Purple Hearts to survivors and relatives of the dead in a somber ceremony on the Texas military post. top military commanders recalled tables that became makeshift stretchers to transport the wounded and dying.
Virgin Australia domestic flights will now serve complimentary food on all flights. the package will also include free checked baggage on all domestic flights. the food and beverage service has been tailored to the time of day and duration of the journey.
Nikko Jenkins, 28, tried to carve '666' into his forehead but did it backwards. symbol is described in biblical book of Revelation as 'the sign of the beast' but with a series of upside-down 9s, he has fashioned himself an entirely unique engraving. it comes amid his ongoing appeal that he is mentally unstable and therefore ineligible to face death penalty.
the 53-year-old is accused of nine offences against three girls and three women. one alleged victim says he repeatedly assaulted her at capital radio's studios. two others say they were sexually touched against their will by him. he denies seven counts of indecent assault and two counts of sexual touching without consent.
Ben Parsons, 34, proposed to girlfriend, Anna Jefferson, 36. she was watching him run in the 26.2-mile Brighton marathon. she feared he was struggling when he started to slow down. he then got down on one knee and popped the question. after Anna said yes, he carried the ring in his bum bag.
Ken Broskey, 69, of Livonia, Michigan, has stage 4 oropharyngeal cancer, and has taken a job as an Uber driver. this so he can earn enough money to pay off his mortgage before he dies so his daughter and grandchildren can have his house. this is all thanks to the work of a college student who started a GoFundMe page for Broskey which has almost reached its $95,000 goal.
the humanoid, known as Ham, has been drawing in crowds at an electronics event in Hongkong this week. the head is made using specialised software and can recognise and respond to facial expressions in a natural way.
Xavier denamur sparked fury after he exposed France as a country of microwave cheats. he even went as far as to compare it as being the culinary equivalent of a low-cost airline. 'the microwave has become the chef's best friend,' he said.
muhammed Tahir, 53, targeted a woman in her 20s and rubbed his crotch and pot belly on her bottom. he then followed her onto a central line service and stood as close to her as he could. he pretended to accidentally slide his hand across her thigh as she stood with other passengers in the busy carriage on a hot summer’s day. he was convicted of sexual assault after a two-day trial at the old Bailey.
in the HBO documentary Thought Crimes which premiered on Thursday at Tribeca Film Festival, Valle talks about his 2012 arrest and the claims that allegedly plotted to kidnap, torture, and eat his wife and other women online. the film will also be shown on HBO in may.
Craig Roberts, 36, walked into his town's post office to top up his electric meter. staff shouted from behind the counter that he would have to leave his guide dog. but the employee allegedly insisted he should be left outside if he wanted to be served. he said he was left feeling 'angry and shocked' and 'unacceptable'.
four-storey home has five kingsize bedrooms, five bathrooms, an underground pool, a gym, and a lift to take cars to the basement garage. it is not to everyone's taste - one neighbour has described it as looking like a 'down-market mortuary'
the heartwarming scenes were captured by photographer denis budkov, 35, during a trip to lake Kamchatka, in Russia. he sat and watched as the mother, who was already lying on the banks of the lake,- became a makeshift sofa for one of her cubs.
a new pop-up shop in Pittsburgh, Pennsylvania has priced its entire stock to reflect the local gender pay gap. female customers are only charged 76 per cent of the retail price while men pay in full. the shop is not-for-profit and aims to highlight the disparity in salaries between the sexes.
violet Price, 80, had been missing from her home in moustier village since last week. her son - a businessman who lives in the area - was unable to reach her. he raised the alert on saturday after he went to her house when she failed to respond on the phone. a 32-year-old suspect has now been arrested and charged with murder. he told police where to find body parts in two different areas of the region.
rectangular island of Por-Bajin is located in a lake in deepest Siberia. it is located about 3,800km from Moscow near the Mongolian border. experts say it was built during the period of the Uighur Khaganate.
millie marotta, 36, is giving colouring books an adult twist with her sellout volume Animal Kingdom. the black and white book is made up of detailed line illustrations of animals, plants and birds. it has sold 500,000 copies worldwide and been translated into 19 different languages.
the worms were discovered on the surface of the snow near Bergen. there have been multiple reports of worm rainfall in southern norway.
Jonathan Krueger, the photo editor at the school newspaper and a junior in the College of Communication and Information, was shot in the chest around 2 a.m. Friday while walking home. police charged Justin Smith, 18, with the murder Friday afternoon, this after he fled when they tried to stop him earlier in the morning while driving a minivan that matched the one described by someone who was with the victim. he was also charged with robbery, tampering with evidence, and fleeing
Freddie gray, 25, died after he 'had his spine 80 percent severed at his neck' following his arrest by three bicycle officers for a violation that's been kept'secret' until today. six officers have been suspended, but investigators say they still don’t know how it happened. mayor Stephanie Rawlings-Blake said, 'whatever happened happened happened in the back of the van'
66-year-old built the mock-tudor castle complete with battlements and cannons. hid behind hay bales for four years and lived there with his family from 2002. he unveiled it officially in 2006 when he thought he could exploit legal loophole. local authority immediately laid siege by refusing to grant retrospective permission. now after numerous court appearances costing tens of thousands of pounds, Communities and Local Government secretary Eric Pickles has ruled the four-
vandals poured paint over missionary's statue in the western Cape. vandals also smeared paint on a young mohandas Gandhi. in pretoria, the memorial of 19th century Afrikaner leader Paul Kruger was twice daubed with bright green paint.
the writer, producer and actor was seen out with her daughter Penelope and husband Jeff Richmond in new york city on friday morning. this is the first time she has been spotted since the tragic suicide of renowned cosmetic dermatologist Dr. Fredric Brandt. he took his own life on April 5 and was said to be devastated over a caricature of himself on his show unbreakable Kimmy Schmidt.
Mohammed dahbi ordered actress Kassie Thornton and her partner to 'keep that behavior for the bedroom' he also called them 'b*****', 'c****' and 'whores' when they refused to pay the fare and walked away. but judge disagreed and ordered him to pay $10,000 in damages.
'beautiful young vampires' are said to be driving a new generation of demonic 'possessions'. notable tv shows including True Blood and the Twilight film series are said to be encouraging the surge. revelation made during a Vatican-backed exorcism course in Rome.
mother-of-two accused of causing criminal damage by pruning tree. she was locked in a police cell for six hours and put on bail for seven months. magistrates took just 15 minutes to find 53-year-old not guilty.
the actress called police after spotting a man heading for the attic in her home last summer. 911 call is the first piece of evidence a prosecutor presented against Joshua corbett, who is charged with stalking the actress and breaking into her home. 'i'm in my closet. I have a safe door,' bullock, breathing heavily, is heard telling the dispatcher. a police officer testified that corbett was clutching a black notebook with a two-page letter to bullock
a new ComRes poll for ITV News reveals 54% want her out of next government. 59 per cent want the SNP as a whole to play no part in running the country. polls in Scotland put the SNP on course to make huge gains north of border.
prime minister pledges to commit £8billion to fund the health service. this is the amount needed to help plug a £30billion hole in accounts. the move is designed to demolish cynical labour claims.
Tom Ryan, 40, was struck by a Toyota while making deliveries on staten island. left the hanging by a thread and onlookers used a shirt as a tourniquet to stop bleeding. he has lost one leg, but is expected to live, a UPS representative said.
a raw, punk style took to the catwalk at Mercedes Benz Fashion Week Australia. models wore stocking caps, fishnets, tattoos and leather harnesses. a record 22-year-old has been said to be the youngest designer to show at the event.
the two brothers are reconciling in an attempt to rebuild their relationship. it comes nearly four years after bedding her for the last time. the affair was first revealed in 2011 when his wife admitted an eight-year affair.
sNP leader has spent the day campaigning in a nursery in Loanhead. she refused to rule out a second vote on breaking up the union. lib dem leader warned the entire country would suffer if the SNP chose to 'constantly ask everybody the same question'
the latest polls have the two main parties locked on around 35 per cent. bookies are seeing a completely different picture in private with punters placing a flood of cash on the tories. one bookie alone has taken five bets for more than £10,000 on who will win the most seats.
deputy sheriff flagged down while on patrol near deland in florida. he found 34-year-old Justin Braddock slumped in front seat without a pulse. he spent seven minutes giving him CPR and eventually revived him. he was later caught by deputies as he ran away from hospital.
larung gar Buddhist academy is home to 40,000 monks and nuns. the sprawling settlement, Sertar, sits on elevations of 12,500ft. nuns and monks are housed near to their colleges and separated by age and sex.
the handwritten notes of former Iraqi army colonel Samir al-Khlifawi explain in detail how ISIS were able to take control in the area. 'blueprints' outline exactly how the group intended to infiltrate villages and cities by recruiting young men as spies and establishing a 'Stasi-like' caliphate. despite thousands of foreign fighters flocking to join the sunni extremist group, their leadership is
the 223ft Explorer comes with its own helipad, infinity pool and plenty of space for supercar and jetski storage. it was designed to withstand any weather conditions and is sturdy enough to circumnavigate the globe. the superyacht costs approximately 40million euros (around £29million/$43million) to build.
splatters of blood on the checklist for the very first US spacewalk were from an astronaut as he frantically battled to close the hatch door of the spacecraft. but the gemini 4 mission of June 1965 proved successful, and paved the way to astronauts walking on the moon for the first time four years later. the 13-page checklist is tipped to sell for £80,000 ($120,000)
Andrei Lunev reportedly walked on a tripwire while reporting on fighting in east Ukraine. he was taken to hospital in Novoazovsk near the Russian border, where he later regained consciousness. the incident took place in the wake of exchanges of fire overnight and in the early hours on the outskirts of the rebel stronghold of donetsk. fighting in the east had largely subsided following a cease-fire deal signed in February.
methyl bromide caused a family to become seriously ill at a u.s. virgin islands resort. the highly toxic pesticide was used at the resort several times in the past year. methyl bromide was banned for indoor residential use in 1984.
Mary Day, 60, fraudulently claimed £16,500 of income support and disability allowance despite having £27,000 of her own savings in the bank. her savings were £11,000 above the £16,000 threshold for savings while claiming such benefits, which meant she was overpaid benefits for more than four years. she went on three trips to tourist hotspot Goa in 2009, 2011 and 2014, but failed to tell authorities.
two women knocked out in mass brawl at southport holiday park, merseyside. teenagers started 'running riot' and women threw chairs at one and other. holidaymakers said fight started in main hall before spilling out to outside. one man from liverpool said: 'it was revolting. all hell broke loose'
David Nellist, 38, of Keswick, was foiled after a neighbour heard the spaniel cross called Coco'screaming' he was sentenced to two months in prison, suspended for 18 months and banned from keeping animals for five years.
the white-cheeked macaque was discovered in the remote highland forests of south-east Tibet. it has a distinctive rounded penis rather than the arrow shaped genitalia found on other species in the area. videos have also revealed that the animal has a distinctive alarm calls compared to other macaques in the area.
the 27-year-old former intelligence analyst was convicted of leaking a trove of classified documents to the wikileaks website in 2013. he announced that he had always identified as female and planned to start living as a woman named Chelsea Elizabeth Manning in 2014. in february, she was approved for hormone therapy for gender reassignment while serving out her 35 year prison sentence. she is not allowed to grow her hair long, which she sees as a major affliction
labour leader has jumped ahead of the prime minister in personal approval ratings. the party has also taken a four point lead over the tories with 28 days until polling day. revelation comes in the wake of a furious political row over his personal character.
shadow business secretary said he was opposed to 'taxing for the sake of taxing' remarks highlighted divisions in labour's top ranks over the 50p rate. it was introduced for the last few weeks of Gordon brown's government.
a survey by social networking site Skout revealed that grilled cheese lovers have more sex. 32% of lovers of grilled cheese have sex at least six times a month. 81% of those who love grilled cheese have donated time, money or food.
comedian called radio broadcaster derryn Hinch a 'w**ker' on national television. australian comedian refused to apologise for calling him a 'w**ker' on the show. he said: 'that's because you're a w**ker'
the Harewood Arms in wakefield, west Yorkshire, has publicly revealed its support for the right-wing party. landlord Matt Eason said: 'we believe in a lot of the policies UKIP stands for regarding the pub industry and would like to let you know we show our support' it has left regular customers stunned and provoked a 'Marmite love it or hate it' reaction of divided opinions.
Nick Cousins, 57, and Grace Garcia Cousins, 53, were held over alleged 'ill treatment' of their child. it emerged her birth and that of her sister, 14, were never registered and they did not attend school. the couple were also being questioned by police over claims that Filipino Mrs Cousins had overstayed her visa.
three suspected assailants were killed during the confrontations in parts of Reynosa, a city across the Rio Grande. from McAllen, Texas. two state police. were injured. federal police and marines captured 'El Gafe,' a leader of the Gulf cartel, earlier in the day. on Saturday, Mexican authorities confirmed the capture of Jose Tiburcio Hernandez Fuentes who was transferred to Mexico city.
Jake castner went into hiding last week after a warrant was issued for his arrest. the 19-year-old joked about the 'nightmare' title a magistrate gave him last year when he pleaded guilty to 33 offences. on his fourth day on the run he boasted: 'we don't talk to police!'.
pompous Albert is a grey cat with tufty hair and a permanent frown. he's a breed of Selkirk Rex, known for their wild, curly hair. he is also named after his famous lookalike - Albert Einstein.
Kelly Watson, 41, started struggling with her words and co-ordination three years ago. it was never suggested she might have dementia as she was too young. diagnosed with early-onset dementia on her 41st birthday last year. she relies on her mother Moira to wash her hair and shave her legs. now she is terrified of forgetting her 17-year-old daughter, Holly.
experts said training was 'heavily geared' towards young people. over-55s had same literacy and numeracy skills as those aged 16 to 24. they were worse at these skills than colleagues in their 30s and 40s.
Kent Sprouse was put to death by lethal injection in texas on tuesday night. he was convicted in 2004 of killing a police officer and another man in 2002. a jury decided in 2004 that he should be executed, but unsuccessful appeals have focused on whether he was mentally ill at the time of the slayings. he was the fifth inmate to be executed this year in the nation's most active death penalty state.
the shcherbakov family adopted the bear cub after it wandered up to their house gate three weeks ago. the bear, nicknamed mishutka, will soon become a massive beast that will pose a danger to the family and become expensive to feed and shelter. the family has placed adverts on the internet and are hoping the publicity will encourage a circus or zoo to take him in.
a 20-year-old man has been charged with a medley of offences after he flipped a car on the gold coast. a 19-year-old was hospitalised with a broken neck, along with the driver, 20, and another 17-year-old passenger, both of whom suffered bruising and shock. the vision was captured at a known hoon hotspot in Yatala on the gold coast, where police were alerted after spotting a driver doing burn
diamond fraudster jetted around the world buying designer shoes and bags. she convinced investors to buy low grade gems overvalued by 2,000 per cent. the 30-year-old even flew to new york to shop in Fifth Avenue's most exclusive boutiques using the money she made. she was part of a gang of fraudsters who lived lavish lifestyles.
the 32-year-old is a Los Angeles-based writer and self-confessed 'gender rebel' who has long-been a fan of the brand's designs. she regularly posts images of herself wearing the clothing on the company's open fashion forum.
Lorraine Valentine suffers from erythropoietic protoporphyria (EPP) which causes her skin to burn and become unbearable itchy when she is exposed to sunlight or UV light. a holiday abroad left the 42-year-old in hospital for six days, as the heat caused her entire body to swell. her sun allergy means she has to keep herself completely covered, as even a small dose of sun on her skin leaves her in pain.
the key for Easter indulgence is noting our 'energy in' and 'energy out' and balancing food and fitness. a small chocolate bunny contains 2212 kjs and would take an hour and ten minutes of swimming to burn off. a female of average weight would need to walk for the full 40 minutes, whereas an 80 kilogram male could burn it off in 30 minutes.
Reagan went off-script during a peace summit in Geneva in the 1980s. asked the Soviet leader for support in the event of an alien invasion. repeated the warning when he spoke to a group of students. speeches were examined by his advisers to remove any mention of aliens.
the 17-year-old was one of the participants in the NRHA European Futurity Horse Show in the bavarian town of Kreuth.
the duchess of cambridge is due to give birth later this week. nursery and one at Kensington palace have been given a Beatrix Potter theme. nanny Maria Teresa Turrion Borrallo is preparing to welcome a second charge.
delivery driver questioned under anti-terror laws after taking pictures. his wife had been given a £110 ticket for stopping behind a police car and van. a week later he went back to collect evidence of police cars parked at stop.
a 1980 photograph showing Geraldine Schultz, 67, was found 35 miles away. it was taken around 1980 to feature in a church directory in Harvard, illinois. it showed her alongside her husband, 84-year-old husband, Clem. he was in the house with his wife when the tornado struck - but survived.
homes such as these in china are known as 'dingzihu' or 'nail houses' because they stick out and are difficult to remove. one house in wenling, Zhejiang province, had a main road built around it when the owner refused to move. another image shows cars driving around the five-storey property.
letourneau, 53, and her husband, Vili Fualaau, 31, will talk about their rape trial and their married life on the eve of their 10th wedding anniversary. letourneau shot to infamy after starting a relationship with Fualaau when he was a 12-year-old sixth-grade student and falling pregnant with his child when he was 13. after she served a seven-year prison term for the relationship, they married and now have two children together
fossils of two adults and a child unearthed in the french region of Poitou-Charentes. similar marks have been seen at other Neanderthal sites showing how our ancestors cut and fractured the bones of their dead relatives.
Alison Sharland, 47, accepted £10.35m from her ex-husband in the belief it was half his fortune. but he lied about value of his share in appSense, which was valued at £132m. the couple, from Wilmslow in cheshire, separated in 2010 and agreed to split assets.
'with the hormones we have, there is no way [a woman] should be able to start a war,' she wrote on her facebook page on sunday. 'that is not the same as being the President, that should be left to a man, a good, strong, honorable man,' she said. 'you're the dumbest person I've ever had to read about in the news. I wish I could have those 3 minutes back of my life,' tweeted m
Audrey Pekin, 19, claims she was raped twice on christmas eve in Bali. she was attacked by a man, Henry alafu, who lured her back to his home. he then assaulted her again in a taxi as she tried to flee the scene. she has slammed the police for letting him escape back to his native Nigeria.
two students have now filed lawsuits against the Davis County school district in Utah accusing officials of failing to fire 'flirtatious' teacher Brianne Altice. the 35-year-old was ordered last month to stand trial on 14 felony charges, including rape, sodomy, sexual abuse and sex with a minor. in mid-March, one of the alleged victims brought a $647,000 lawsuit against the district accusing officials of negligence for failing to fire the 'f
theatre director Glen Walford has been embroiled in a legal battle with council. the 75-year-old has spent two years fighting over whether the house should be used to recover the cost of her mother's care. council won the right to force miss Walford to use the equity in the house, where she intended to retire, for care home fees.
Lee Keeley, 38, grabbed the unnamed woman and hit her head against a wall. he then stamped on her head and chest at Lincoln county court after a judge ruled against him in a civil matter. he chased her round the courtroom and tore out clumps of her hair.
the tool works with all Android phones that have the latest Google app installed. it appears to only work when the user is signed into their Google account on Chrome. the same Google account must be signed into on the phone. tool can't lock the phone, or erase its data.
mother-of-one, 39, had been petrified of snakes since she watched venom. she would obsessively check her toilet for the reptiles every day. but therapists Nik and Eva Speakman broke down her phobia today. at the beginning of the show, she broke down in tears at the mere sight of a plastic snake. by the end of the show she was able to touch a real-life 9ft burmese python
the 5-foot-5, 95-pound actress said she raced at speeds reaching 140mph on set during the furious 7 premiere in los angeles on friday.
former sheriff's deputy, 40, has pleaded not guilty by reason of mental disease in the shooting deaths of his wife, 39-year-old Ashlee Steele, and her 38-year-old sister, Kacee Tollefsbol. a forensic psychiatrist has testified that a rambling note Steele wrote about suicide and sexual relations with his wife and sister-in-law is delusional and shows Steele's brain was deteriorating because of ALS. on
the house in the sea sits right on the beach in newquay and can only be reached by crossing a 90ft-high suspension bridge. the interiors are a luxurious mix of sleek neutrals and modern design, with panoramic sea views. the island is connected by a 100ft suspension bridge, which stretches 90ft above the ground.
the ring was snorkelling at Finns Beach Club in Bali on April 7. it has what appears to be a family crest and has been engraved with the heartfelt message: ‘Darling Joe, Happy 70th birthday 2009, Love Jenny’. the facebook message has already been shared 23 thousand times.
'when I was little I got hurt and I wasn't going to walk at all,' she wrote in an open letter to her social workers and detectives thanking them for investigating her case. 'now I have a home that is nice and I have three nice meals a day,' she wrote. 'i think that if you never helped me my life would still be awful and lonely,' she wrote.
source said he was wounded by an attack from the US-led coalition. he was travelling in a three-car convoy in march in Nineveh, Iraq. at first his chances of survival were deemed to be low, but he pulled through. however, he was left so weakened that his inner circle reportedly mooted the idea of naming a new leader.
71% of voters say they are choosing politicians and have no need to know about their spouses or offspring. only a quarter say it is important to know about leaders' domestic lives. findings may come as shock to party leaders who have invited cameras into their homes and given wives campaign roles.
monk was preserved wearing a golden cloak and beads in 1998. now 17 years on, his facial features and wispy beard are still clearly visible. records show his parents died when he was 15-years-old.
female-looking robot, named Aiko Chihira, will only speak Japanese. but she is also capable of sign language. the robot will be set up at the mitsukoshi department store in Tokyo.
Christopher Flowers, 84, accidentally set himself on fire with lit cigarette on march 9. several layers of his clothing burst into flames, engulfing his entire torso. three Good Samaritans pulled over and tried to extinguish the blaze. at first, they used their hands, then hurled him into a snow bank. he was listed in guarded condition with severe burns to his torso and neck. but on Sunday, hospital officials
Jack Mascitelli took up the unsavoury dare in broad daylight at 8.45am. he accidentally ran'screaming and yelling' past a group of police officers. the officers then found him hiding in a nearby kebab shop. the 18-year-old was fined $500 for offensive behaviour.
corry 'Corey' Campbell, 21, was the ringleader of a gang known as the 'tattoo terrorists' he believed the victim, 53-year-old Greg Valecce, had hurt his cat, pebbles. he would be strapped to a chair and tortured for three days. he was beaten, tied to a chair, and covered in offensive tattoos. his girlfriend, 19-year-old Sandra Ng, was sentenced to 23
Jamie Pettingill robbed two women, a man and two schoolboys of their phones. he sold them to fund a gambling addiction he was hiding from his family. the 26-year-old flashed a knife at a schoolboy, telling him 'don't f**k with me, I'll cut your f**king face off' as he stole the boy's mobile phone. he was ordered to complete 350 hours of community service after being found guilty
Ranette Afonso, 42, fell head over wheels in love with the driver of her car. she was waiting for her husband to return when he crashed into her parked car. the pair exchanged insurance and contact details and began texting regularly. they are set to marry in october and have a 21-year-old son and 18-year-old daughter.
the presidential motorcade was on its way to hospital in Louisville, Kentucky, on tuesday en route to a technology plant. the couple were stuck in traffic en route to hospital when they realized they weren't going to make it. a nurse who was also stuck in the gridlock was able to run over and deliver the baby safely.
warm air blowing up from the Azores is creating conditions we might usually experience in July or August. the record for the hottest day ever in britain was set more than a decade ago in august 2003. the record for the hottest day ever in britain was set more than a decade ago.
Kyle Seitz, 37, left his 15-month-old son, Benjamin, in a hot car on the morning of July 7, 2014. he forgot to take him to day care and left him in the car for seven hours while he went to work. his lawyer read aloud a letter written by his wife asking the judge for leniency on his behalf. Seitz received two years of conditional release, a sentence similar to probation, at the hearing in Danbury Superior Court.
teachers are suffering broken arms and severed fingers at hands of violent pupils. union said indiscipline is a ‘significant problem’, with teachers sworn at, kicked and punched. last year staff at eight schools refused to teach pupils who threw chairs and brought fireworks in.
a new series, Chaos Caught on Camera, premieres on the science channel at 10pm on Monday, April 13. the adrenaline-filled program dispenses with onscreen experts to focus exclusively on the raw footage. each natural or man-made occurrence is then deconstructed with graphics, illustrating and explaining the incredible facts behind each freak catastrophe or survival.
Koral Reef's family believes she picked up the deadly and mysterious Balamuthia mandrillaris infection on a trip to lake havasu in may 2013. the 20-year-old from Temecula, california would be dead by the time she was 20.
an international arrest warrant has been issued for a doctor who left the country. he is thought to be in Pakistan but was yesterday charged with manslaughter by gross negligence, along with fellow anaesthetist Dr Errol Cornish, 67. maidstone and tunbridge wells NHS trust is also accused of corporate manslaughter - the first time a health trust has been charged with the offence since 2008.
Dmitry Kaminskiy, a senior partner of deep knowledge ventures, is hoping his million dollar gift will trigger a new group of'supercenternarians' he says research into stem cells, tissue rejuvenation and regenerative medicine will allow people to live beyond 120 - an age that has been quoted as the'real absolute limit to human lifespan'
the federal government will be investing $4.1 million on a telemovie to deter asylum seekers from entering australia by boat. the telemovie will be shown in countries such as Syria, Iraq and Afghanistan later in the year, urging asylum seekers not to trust people smugglers. this comes as prime minister Tony Abbott stated that only the coalition would be able to stop asylum seeker boats.
the cyclist yelled at the driver, banged on his window and pushed in his mirror. the cyclist sustained a punctured lung, broken ribs and a broken clavicle. the driver, 38-year-old Emerson Decarvalho, was charged with assault with a deadly weapon.
Jesus Salas Aguayo, also known as 'El Chuyn', was arrested on friday. he is charged with multiple felonies including distribution of narcotics, homicide and arms trafficking. authorities link over twenty deaths directly to 'the Liquidator', including the 2009 murder of a state witness in texas.
organisers have asked celebrities to stop taking 'ridiculous and grotesque' selfies. director Thierry Fremaux admitted he could not ban the pictures altogether. but he urged movie starts to resist the temptation to take selfies.
taxpayer money is being used to fund an 'army' of spin doctors. more than 3,400 press officers employed by local councils across the uk. London has at least 425 marketing staff and press officers working. nearly 45 councils employ 20 or more communications staff each.
devoted wife, 39, was cruelly duped by her bigamist husband of six years. he explained away his long absences with a web of lies involving witness protection, police escorts and serious fraud. pictures of him doing the ice bucket challenge with his new bride were spotted on facebook. now, she has spoken of her shock and anguish at discovering that her husband had been leading a double life.
Elizabeth Sedway, 51, from Granite Hill, California, suffers from multiple myeloma - a rare form of plasma cancer. she was sitting in the handicapped section of a boarding area at Lihue airport on Kauai when an airline representative noticed she had put on a surgical mask to shield herself from germs and came up to her asking if she needed anything. when the airline employee approached her a second time, she indicated that she might require a little extra time to
fraudster spent £50,000 of the cash turning a canal narrowboat into a replica german Second World War submarine with torpedo tubes and a periscope. his ex-wife Laurel howarth, 28, was jailed for 20 months for her part in the five-year scam which defrauded her Majesty's Revenue and Customs of £1,017,505.
Maria Twomey, 42, from watford, slimmed from 12st 7lb to 8st 7lb. she lost weight after swapping takeaways for weight-lifting and exercise bike. the mother-of-four is now a professional fitness model.
the video was taken during a routine skydive in everöd, sweden. the diver's helmet camera becomes detached and whizzes to the ground. it takes one minute and a half before crashing into a field.
the figure was paid by the Shrewsbury and Telford Hospital NHS Trust. it represents double the rate for a neurologist and was revealed following a Freedom of Information request. there were 47 agency nurses working at the trust in December last year.
arman Nejad, 23, dragged the teenager into his house and abused her in 2009. the victim, now 18, eventually went to police in 2010 and was interviewed by officers who then mysteriously dropped the case. three years later police visited her about a different matter and she asked why her rape case was shelved and detectives then arrested and charged Nejad with rape. today police admitted 'unacceptable delays and failures' allowed the rapist to live just streets away from
Karen catherall, 45, was brutally beaten and strangled to death by Darren Jeffreys. she met the 47-year-old on dating site Plenty of Fish weeks before her death. he called paramedics the following morning and claimed she was sleeping. but call handlers said they could not hear anything and did not alert police. BT says handlers acted appropriately and in line with police guidance. mother-of-two's family have slammed telecommunication
jamelia said she was 'hounded on twitter' after airing her views on the show. mother-of-two, 34, said she was referring to people larger than a size 20. 'of course I don't think we should ban plus-size clothes from shops,' she said. jamelia's co-panellists were quick to leap to her defence.
Corey Edwards was diagnosed with a congenital heart defect aged seven months. he has undergone eight open-heart operations and other treatments. his parents Craig, 28, and jemma, 21, decided to get married at hospital. they had been engaged for three years but decided to fast track their wedding.
the 22-year-old flying fox bat has been grounded by the debilitating disease. he spends his time lying around in hammocks, sipping on tea and eating snacks. all of the other 25 bats in his aviary have also begun drinking the beverage.
the photos were shot by Linden Gledhill from Staffordshire, who combines his love of photography with a PhD in biochemistry. the 51-year-old uses a modified microscope and a camera to capture the finer details of a butterfly's wing pattern. butterfly wings are covered by thousands of microscopic scales split into two to three layers. each scale is pigmented with melanins that give butterflies black and brown colouring, but blues, greens, reds and
experts say snacking is an important way to control hunger. but more often than not it's salty crisps, sweet biscuits or cheap chocolate. if we knew what triggers were, would we stop ourselves from reaching for unhealthy foods?
20 stone flakes and anvils were found buried in sediment near lake Turkana in Kenya. tools were created hundreds of thousands of years before the appearance of the first'man' - the start of our branch of the evolutionary tree known as Homo. if correct, the date of the stone tools is 700,000 years older than any others found previously.
Shanna McCormick, 31, feared she would not live to see her wedding day. for most of her adult life, she suffered life-threatening asthma attacks. doctors warned she would die if she didn't slim down - and fast. determined not to be a fat wife to her boyfriend of 14 years, she called off their engagement to embark on a strict two-year weight-loss plan. she lost 16.5st and dropped 18 dress sizes so she can walk down the aisle with pride
'doing time's the easy part, you know what I'm saying?' he said as he was ushered out of the courtroom in daytona beach, florida. he is accused of walking into Wayne county community college in goldsboro, north carolina on monday and killing his former supervisor, 44-year-old Ronald Lane. on tuesday, he was arrested more than 500 miles away after officers found him sleeping on a Florida beach
Lianna Barrientos, 38, of the Bronx, pleaded not guilty to two felony charges of filing a false instrument, involving marriage licences. prosecutors say she married 10 men over the course of 11 years and charged a fee for her'services' one of the men wed was deported back to Pakistan for making threatening statements against the united states in 2006.
23-year-old mother-of-two has two children under five by two different fathers. handed both infants over to 52-year-old mother Debbie when they were four months old. now Debbie is threatening to ban Gemma from her home and from seeing the children at all, after discovering her daughter's penchant for legal high, mkat.
labour's deputy leader said grandparents would be allowed to take time off. said grandparents would be allowed to take up to four unpaid weeks off per year. policy, to be unveiled today, would require a change in the law. more than half of mothers rely on grandparents for childcare.
a trickle of royal fans have begun arriving at the Lindo Wing. they include well-known royal enthusiast Margaret Tyler, 71. the duchess of cambridge is due to give birth on 25th april.
'it's really hard to lead a normal life after that,' says trial by jury author, Douglas Preston.'she went to Italy as a normal 20-year-old, a soccer player, rock climber, very nave,' says Preston. 'it's like a soldier come back from Iraq, having children shot in front of him, you've been through a horrific experience,' says Preston.
lalit verma is said to have launched into a furious assault on a boy named only as Shiva. alleged beating was so severe that the child complained of a severe stomach ache. he began vomiting blood once he arrived home and was declared dead on arrival. headteacher has been charged with culpable homicide not amounting to murder.
acai berries have been linked to weight loss and cancer prevention. flax seeds are thought to help lower blood pressure and reduce risk of heart disease. charcoal, freekah, spiralizing and bone broth are latest fads.
eyewitnesses at Benihana's Japanese Restaurant in Encino, California, say Tori Spelling tripped and fell onto a hot grill used to prepare food in front of customers. she shouted out in pain from a large burn on the back of her right arm. her doctor's determined she had a severe burn and suggested they remove the damaged skin and graft skin from another area of the body. she was eventually taken to the grossman burn center at the west hills hospital for
labour leader met his future wife at a dinner party hosted by a mutual friend. she thought he was 'good looking' and 'unattached' but he failed to tell her he was in a relationship. he persisted in trying to bore his future wife with constant talk of economics.
Alexander Pacteau, 21, charged with murder and attempting to defeat ends of justice. he made no plea and was remanded in custody by sheriff Charles McFarlane QC. miss Buckley, a qualified nurse, went missing following a night out. her body was found by police at a farm six miles north of her home.
internet star, 25, has amassed a huge teen following on social media. vloggers are being hijacked by 30-second adverts for junk food. some of these are for harmless products such as hair dye. others are for Haribo, Coca-Cola and an online gambling site.
group reportedly boasted they can act as 'kingmakers' when country goes to polls. wants to let British Muslims fight in Syria without fear of prosecution. group's 48 page manifesto does not mention wanting to let Muslims fight in Syria.
the 51-year-old married father of two and grandfather died less than 24 hours after being diagnosed with leukemia. for the past eight years, he had taught special education and social studies at cass high school and was the school's head basketball coach. he likely contracted a fast-moving type of leukemia, known as acute myeloid leukemia, months before his death.
the castle at Zhangjiakou, in china's northern hebei province, was built in 1393. it was protected by an imposing 12-metre wall that struck fear into opposing armies. restoration work will see building work completed in the original style of architecture.
the fun-loving broker lives in one of the most exclusive postcodes in the capital. he has enjoyed the best hotels around the world, but also enjoys a stay at Travelodge. the singer recently released his album, geography, last year.
the 61-year-old Democrat has pleaded not guilty to eight bribery counts related to his close personal friendship with eye surgeon Dr Salomon Melgen, 60. according to an indictment unsealed this month, Menendez helped Melgen bring at least three mistresses to the u.s. on visas - including a 22-year-old girlfriend and her 18-year-old sister.
the supermodel underwent a'medical procedure' for 'constant headaches' she is currently being monitored at UCLA hospital in westwood, los angeles.
a five-year-old girl slipped through metal bars after returning from a zoo. her grandmother accidentally locked her in the house in Xiangtan, south china. neighbours rushed to help after spotting the little girl hanging in the air. some used a piece of pipe to prop her up and prevent her from suffocating. firemen eventually arrived half an hour later to save the little girl.
siyanda Ngwenya, known as Adams, allegedly attacked female housemate. pair were last seen on television kissing and cuddling before cameras moved away. allegedly boasted to housemates the next day that he had sex with the woman. but alleged victim is said to have been shocked by the claims and told contestants she did not consent to having sex.
the debts, which were due last may, include income and tax, a fine and $295,955 worth of interest. the tax office launched action in November and has since lodged an application to liquidate ABBBC Pty Ltd. the case will be heard in a Brisbane court next Friday.
Chris and Catherine Greenwood stayed at Camping La Chappelle in Argeles-sur-Mer with their children, toddler Joe and five-year-old Anna. despite being in the minority of travellers flying, then hiring a car, rather than driving all the way. but the fatal decision was to try and wash the children after arriving in a tired and tetchy state at Camping La Chapelle.
agency started off with just five models and now has 40. 'i would like to see at least five or 10 of our girls go through to next year's fashion week,' says agency founder.
video shot by adoring dad, barles Charkley, who is based in Baltimore, Maryland. it stars his toddler daughter, Viktoria, as she comes to terms with tragedy. she is seated hunched up on sofa gazing at screen, and as mournful music rolls in - a score composed by Hollywood heavyweight Hans Zimmer - her bottom lip trembles.
two three-month-old western lowland gorillas have been pictured for the first time at the zoo since they were born less than 48 hours apart. the babies were born to layla and kumi, both 16 years old, on January 17 and 19. keepers at the zoo have yet to learn either of their genders, and so neither of them have been named yet.
the ironman actor promised to fly a winner and a friend to los angeles. he also included a gown or tuxedo fitting and a helicopter ride. it raised £1,388,863 for the children's hospice Julia's House. the charity will now use the money to build a new hospice in Wiltshire.
pennie Davis, 47, was stabbed 13 times as she tended her horses last year. she had threatened to accuse her ex-lover's son of being a paedophile. he hired a homeless petty crook, Justin Robertson, 36, to kill her. he accepted just £1,500 and was paid in counterfeit notes.
the collision happened about 3pm on Norfolk Southern Railway tracks near downtown Meridian. the woman drove around functioning gates and flashers and collided with the southbound amtrak Crescent.
the daily mirror published the images 21 hours before they were released. the tabloid claims it handed them to police, who were 'delighted' but police insist they had the footage 'at the earliest opportunity'
google is said to be in talks with owner of the three network, Hutchison Whampoa. they are discussing a 'wholesale access agreement' that would help Google create a global network. customers would then be able to use this global network to make calls, send texts and use data as part of their plan.
star Wars: Rogue One, starring Felicity Jones, which is slated for release in December 2016.
tasters at Jacob's Creek sampled different types of wine with snacks. 11 types of wine were tried with each of the nation's most popular snacks. Pinot grigio goes great with nachos and Shiraz with salt and vinegar crisps.
the 25-year-old was arrested yesterday morning in his home city of Swansea. he was held in a cell for 11 hours before being bailed at 7pm. it comes after Danniella, 41, accused her younger ex-boyfriend of violence. the pair split in November last year after spending months together in california.
the video was shot on a hot day in Bali, Indonesia. a tour guide squirts water at the primate from a hole in a water bottle. the monkey takes its time before attempting to quench its thirst.
victim, 12, was walking in subway under a major road in newbury, berkshire. two boys - aged 12 to 13 - approached him and sprayed WD40 over him. they then produced a lighter and threatened to set him alight. police are hunting the pair following their threats in broad daylight. victim sustained minor injuries but did not require hospital treatment.
Luke Brett Moore was unemployed and receiving Centrelink payments. he was able to overdraw $2.189 million over three years from his account. the 27-year-old moved the funds to his PayPal and national bank accounts. he was found guilty of knowingly dealing with proceeds of crime and dishonestly obtaining financial advantage by deception.
Johnny Manziel has been released from rehab after entering a facility on January 28. he was spotted at a game with girlfriend Colleen Crowley and sipped water throughout the night. this as offseason workouts with the team will begin next Monday, April 20. this after a rookie season in which he saw limited game time and suffered difficult losses in his only two starts.
fugitive was wanted by police over kidnap and murder of torture victim. he was also wanted by the metropolitan police on drug offences. he was named on a list of fugitives published as part of the national crime agency's operation captura campaign.
former prime minister was photographed standing on the side of the road with a flat tyre. his driver got down on his knees to jack up the flash car. Felicity Waterford was waiting in the car for her daughter to finish a concert at the Sydney Conservatorium of Music. she asked if they needed her help before the former pm agreed to a selfie.
the governor is heading a delegation of 18 academics and business leaders visiting the island in the wake of the recent thaw in relations with the communist nation. today, cuomo met with Cuba's top officials for U.S. relations along with executives from Jetblue, MasterCard, Pfizer and other new york-based companies.
filmmaker Michael König from Cologne, Germany has created an amazing video showing solar activity. it was made by stitching together footage from Nasa's Solar Dynamics Observatory over five years. the movie, called Sun, was created by filmmaker Michael König from Cologne, Germany. it uses footage recorded by Nasa’s Solar Dynamics Observatory (SDO) spacecraft between 2011 and 2015. highlights include large, bright tendrils extending outward from the sun’s surface and occasionally crashing down again.
he met a hinge factory worker who spoke no english. he struggled to make small talk when he met 62-year-old Hungarian. he has lived in colchester for five years after travelling to the uk for work.
judge urged the defendants during the sentencing hearing on Monday to accept deals with the prosecution in the trial. he also threatened prison sentences for them if they fail to reach those deals. if the convicted educators accept deals, they would be required to apologize and waive their right to appeal. former administrators would be given punishments from one year of weekend jail time and a $10,000 fine. former teachers and testing coordinators would be given one year of home confinement and a $1,000 fine.
the queen's guard slipped on a manhole cover during Changing of the Guard. he lost his footing and slid sideways, knocking his bearskin on the side of the box. embarrassed soldier quickly scrambled to his feet as colleagues marched past. but he started to blush as he peered at the crowd from under his bearskin.
the 35-year-old set off from haytor on dartmoor in september 2013. he has covered an estimated 36,000,000 steps over the past 19 months. if successful, he will beat the current record held by ultramarathon runner Tom Denniss, by 24 hours.
the British Army fired 46 million bullets at the Taliban during the eight-year conflict. some 27 million 5.56 rounds were fired from either the standard SA-80 assault rifle or minimi machine gun. soldiers went through an estimated £5,000 worth of ammunition for their assault rifles every day during the eight-year conflict.
footage shows jihadists smashing shrines and statues in the city of Hatra. jihadists also chip away at the bases of some of the larger wall sculptures. they also crack boulders into ancient city pillars while music plays in background. one jihadist declares they destroyed the site because it is 'worshipped'.
researchers examined effects of sugary drinks on 19 women aged 18 to 40. half group were given sugary drinks at breakfast, lunch and dinner. other half had drinks made with artificial sweetener aspartame. women released less cortisol during maths test than those given drinks.
environmental health called to the Sutton Arms, in stockton, last year. two dozen people suffered gastroenteritis and six had Clostridium perfringens. the pub was littered with droppings and food past its sell-by date. owner, 68, pleaded guilty to nine food hygiene offences at court.
the 61-year-old actor said he has 'loved every minute' of the controversial religion. he was speaking to promote his new movie, the forger, about the world's most infamous art plagiarist.
Ellia Beasley, 22, has more than 20 tattoos but lived to regret it. she had a line'scream your heart out' written across her belly in 2012. singer Ian Watkins was sent to prison for 35 years for child sex offences. he was exposed as a serial paedophile and child abuser.
Lord Janner escaped prosecution for a string of child abuse allegations in 2007. the 86-year-old was able to escape prosecution for eight years. but the crown prosecution service said he is now unfit to stand trial.
the Amsterdam Falafel Shop in Washington DC, US, pairs five falafels to five strains of marijuana.
'i don't think it's particularly healthy or progressive to pit fat bodies against thin bodies,' says writer Amanda Dobbins.
Joel Parker, 33, was about to get off the Sunshine Bus in St. Johns County. when the driver declined, he threw the candy bar at his head instead. the driver was not injured but called the police and Parker was arrested for battery.
Sergeant Dan Urman's father was so happy as he embraced his son and lifted him off the ground, he slipped on the ice. as part of the planned surprise, he and his wife were invited to drop the puck before the Arizona Coyotes game against the Anaheim Ducks on Saturday. they turned around to see their son Dan walking down the red carpet on the ice.
the maker of Clorox bleach and other products says it was attempting a humorous reference to other emoji symbols for objects like toilets and bathtubs that people use bleach to clean. but the corporate Twitter post hit a nerve when news reports and online discussions were focusing on the new collection of racially diverse faces. on twitter, some users blasted the company for what they said was a 'racist tweet'
the concept of a homestay holiday is that rather than renting an empty house or apartment, you stay at a reasonable cost in the home of your hosts. web-based company Homestay.com lists options for single people, couples and families in cities, established holiday areas or farther afield.
Joanne Whitehouse, 44, had applied for her daughter to go to the same school. her sons Joel, nine, Harri, seven, and Ollie, six, all attend the school. but when allocations were revealed today she found out her youngest would have to go to a different school, which is a 20 minute walk from her other children's. her granddaughter Olivia, who is also four, also missed out on a place.
a man was arrested after police found two homes full of bomb-making materials. Joseph T. Brennan Jr. of Norwell, Massachusetts was arraigned from his hospital bed on monday, pleading not guilty to possession of an infernal device. this after authorities searched the residences following an incident on Saturday night in which Brennan accidentally blew up his car while smoking a cigarette.
each year, 300,000 people come to Salzburg to soak up the magic and visit the locations of the film. the old town, where much of the movie was shot, is too narrow for tour buses. Salzburg is a pretty conservative sort of place, and doesn’t rush about embracing change.
the $40 (£26) cloth cover is said to hydrate the face and prevent lines while you sleep. unlike a normal cotton pillowcase, which apparently sucks moisture from the skin, the wrinkle preventing pillowcase's special blend of 'hydrophobic fibres' keeps the complexion hydrated all night.
he was born in 1997 and grew up in suburban. Maryland with his elder brother, Luke, and parents, Jane, a nurse, and. Steve, a civil engineer. at school, Jack won prizes for science projects, but was ostracised as a geek and viciously bullied when he came out as gay, aged 13. deeply depressed, Jack made an unsuccessful suicide attempt.
dias Costa, 49, slashed the face, arms, and necks of the raiders. they fled the property in a getaway car while dripping with blood. all of the men are currently in intensive care.
the Landgate Cottage in Rye is quintessentially 1950s-era. the colour house in Kendal, Cumbria, is a 1960s-era dream.
gavin daly, played by Pete Davidson, testifies in the trial of Janet Johnson-Luna, 32, played by Cecily strong. he refers to the attack by his teacher as 'the best day of my life' - sparking outrage on twitter, with some calling it 'gross'
ski champ Lindsey Vonn appeared worried as her boyfriend made some high profile mistakes at the first day of the Masters in Augusta, Georgia. the 30-year-old has had two major knee surgeries in the last few years. vonn won her 67th world cup downhill skiiing championship last year.
Huw Thomas suggested flags were for a'simpleton' or a 'casual racist' he posted his views on an online forum during the 2006 world cup. 'it really shows the level our society has been infiltrated by immigrants'
'she's going to be, like, talking s**t,' predicted student hallie corum in between classes. 'i don't know Hillary Clinton was running,' one young woman said. Corey Jones, a graphic design student, is among those chosen to question Mrs. Clinton in a roundtable setting on Tuesday. he said he suspects that Hillary and Barack Obama want immigration reform because it would result in a new generation of grateful Democratic voters.
eight members of the same family - seven of them children between the ages of six and 16 - were found dead from carbon monoxide poisoning in their princess Anne, Maryland, home on monday afternoon. police have identified the adult victim as father of seven Rodney Todd, 36, who they identified as the adult who died. a gas generator in the kitchen had run out of fuel, police said.
a 18.5in high fully-grown husky corgi cross has been abandoned. he has now taken refuge at the Dogs Trust in Basildon, Essex. he is described as gentle, intelligent and big-hearted. there are currently 54 other wolf-like breeds being cared for.
state pensions would be increased by more than £60 a week, child benefit doubled, tuition fees scrapped and train fares cut by 10%. party also pledged to pump an extra £12billion a year into the NHS from day one, introduce universal free elderly care and nationalise railways. manifesto also revealed a host of left-field pledges - including a 'complete ban' on cages for hens and rabbits, an end to whips in horse racing and mandatory
three-year-old boy drowned trying to reach a toy when he fell into pool. he was found face down in his family's garden 20 minutes after being reported missing to police. a coroner ruled the death as accidental after hearing how he 'never went near' the pool, according to relatives. assistant coroner for Wiltshire and Swindon said she was in 'little doubt' of what had happened.
couple moved to rural village of Geldeston in 2005 with their five children. but their happiness was shattered in 2014 after their dogs were shot. they were accused of killing a farmer's birds after escaping onto his land. 'i didn't like him, i thought he was rude. i was upset as i didn't want to cause trouble,' she said.
the Boeing 787 Dreamliner has been decorated to look like R2-D2. the small round robot appears in every episode with his multi-lingual sidekick. the cockpit and front half of the white fuselage are painted with blue panels. the words 'Star Wars' adorn the body of the plane behind the wing.
the 20-month-old prince has been cast as a blinged-up rascal with a tattoo. he addresses a female doctor with 'Oi, oi! Hello treacle' the plotline plays off headlines which dubbed his mother Kate the Commoner.
the researcher was on his way to give a talk about computer security vulnerabilities at a major security conference in california this week. on twitter, he suggested the airline's onboard systems could be hacked. the researcher, who founded one world labs, was stopped by corporate security at the gate.
figures released by the Electoral Commission show labour received £1.9m. 84 per cent of donations came from just three trade unions. included a £1million cheque from Unite, entrenching labour's reliance on the union's militant boss len McCluskey.
a video posted on social media site Vine shows an unidentified college student beating cops at a game of 'rock paper scissors' the girl, though to be a student at Texas A&M, is thought to have escaped without a ticket for underage drinking. the video has been viewed more than 500,000 times since being posted on monday.
rodney Stover, 48, was arraigned on Thursday for rape, predatory sex assault and other charges for last Saturday's attack in the bathroom at the Turnmill Bar on east 27th street. a bartender recognized him from media reports when he was walking in the Gramercy Park area on a wednesday. when the victim, 23, entered the bathroom at about 7.50pm on saturday, her attacker, thought to be Stover, was hiding in another
one in ten of us will develop a kidney stone, and the numbers are rising dramatically. they are the result of waste products in the blood forming crystals inside the kidneys. they start causing pain - known as renal colic - once they travel down the ureter, the narrow tube that carries urine from the kidney to the bladder.
78-year-old was arrested on a gun charge and charged with selling a firearm to an undercover agent. his attorney, Ryan McGuigan, said the arrest was a ruse to pressure him to talk about the $500million art heist from 1990. he said the federal bureau of. investigation agents really want to see what Gentile knows about the. theft.
Emma became obsessed with achieving the 'perfect body' within months her weight had plummeted to five-and-a-half stone. the 15-year-old was admitted to hospital twice and faced counselling sessions. she is now a healthier eight stone and wants to help others.
unarmed 22-year-old, Cao Yu, confronted the man in a public square in china. he stabbed her in the shoulder after she confronted him while on patrol. she continued to grapple with him as he wielded the 60 centimetre-long machete. colleagues turned up to bring the man under control and she is recovering.
army-veteran William Snyder, 34, charged with abuse of corpse and evidence-tampering. his wife, Kelley Jo Snyder, 34, was last seen alive on Easter Sunday. her body was found in a river near to where she lived with her husband.
thief entered a branch of Lloyds bank in new Milton, hampshire. he threatened cashier staff and ordered them to hand over money. he then fled from the station road bank with a'significant' amount of cash. police say a 56-year-old man from new Milton has been arrested on suspicion of robbery.
mental health advocate Nic newling struggled through confusing highs and depressing lows of an undiagnosed bipolar disorder between the ages of 13 and 18. he moved between doctors and psychiatric wards and was fed various concoctions of prescriptive medication. his brother, Christopher, killed himself amidst his own quieter battle with mental illnesses. the 28-year-old is now using his story of loss and confusion to raise awareness of mental illness.
Byron Schlenker and daughter Emily have world's widest tongues. the 47-year-old only discovered it when he picked up a book at the library. he measured his tongue and found it was nearly a centimetre wider than record holder's.
police launched hunt after five-year-old was taken from hospital by his parents. they were found in Spain but released without charge. staff and officers claimed £12,712.97 in overtime over six days. a further £1406 was spent on accommodation, flights and travel.
madalina Neagu, 42, arrived at a hospital with severe pain in her abdomen. she believed she was in labour and medics prepared to deliver the child. but after carrying out tests, they were shocked to discover she wasn't pregnant. instead, she was carrying an 11lb (5kg) tumour inside her uterus.
gaioz nigalidze was expelled from the Dubai open chess tournament. he was found using his phone to check moves in the middle of a match. his opponent lodged a complaint when he grew suspicious of his frequent trips to the lavatory. tournament organisers found the mobile phone in a cubicle covered in toilet paper.
Gordon Jack, 47, was taken to hospital when emergency services were called. he was taken to hospital shortly before 5pm yesterday, but died this afternoon. the father-of-three became unwell while covering wedding rehearsal. he was found to be unconscious and was placed in a medically induced coma.
in its heyday, the theme park in Tohoku, Japan, attracted hundreds of thousands of visitors. it closed its doors in 2000 following a drop in visitors, attributed to a drop in birth rate and economic collapse. urban explorer Florian seidel, 38, visited the site in 2014 to document the extent of the park's ongoing dereliction.
island is known as the film location for mamma mia!. it has a ruined Venetian fortress and dozens of chapels.
billionaire tycoon wants to demolish an existing beach hut and replace it with a 'carbon neutral' mansion. the 62-year-old businessman claims the new house, if built, will be his only UK residence. the building has a revolutionary jacking system which can lift 25 tonnes.
just four in 10 renters aged 20 to 45 are saving for a deposit to buy a home. three-quarters of renters fear they will never be able to afford to buy their own house. this rises to eight in 10 for Londoners, where house prices have risen by double-digits in recent years.
the lowenbrau Keller, in the rocks, has released a social media and bus campaign. it features the slogan 'wunderbra' underneath a photograph of a woman in a low-cut lederhosen holding a tray of beer steins. campaign group Collective Shout has slammed the restaurant. they claim the ads reinforce sexist attitudes and expose patrons to sexual harassment.
ex-convict and white supremacist pleaded not guilty to a string of offences. he is accused of shooting three people in a motel, killing a man and injuring two women during a rampage in the suburb of Mesa. police swarmed the city in a massive response, with police using sniffer dogs and searching cars to find the gunman. Giroux has convictions in three states totally more than eight years for burglary, theft, armed
police officer Dante Servin, 46, cleared of involuntary manslaughter. he shot and killed Rekia Boyd, 22, in the back of the head in march 2012. boyd's brother screamed: 'you want me to be quiet? this m***** f***** killed my sister!'
mother charged with murdering son and attempted murder of another child. sheldon, 38, from dartford, Kent, is due back before crown court in June. five-year-old boy died from fatal burns caused in horrific car fire last year.
matheryn Naovaratpong, from Thailand, was diagnosed with an aggressive form of brain cancer last April after failing to wake up one morning. tests revealed she had a 11cm tumour in the left side of her brain. doctors diagnosed her with ependymoblastoma, a rare form of brain cancer that afflicts the very young. she died on January 8th this year after her parents switched off her life support machine.
a documentary filmmaker is currently working on a film about Yelp, which she says will reveal shady advertising practices at the company. Yelp is a website that lets users write their own reviews of businesses like restaurants and doctor's offices. like many web businesses, Yelp's revenue comes mainly from advertising and the businesses that buy ads are often also rated and reviewed on the site.
sheriff's department in florida has released a video showing spring break revelers milling about on a beach not 10 feet from where a 19-year-old girl was being gang raped by a group of men. the video shows hundreds of spring break revelers impassively looking on as the girl was being gang raped by a group of men. a pair of students from Alabama's Troy university were allegedly seen in a cellphone video last month sexually assault
the method involves participants placing their mouth over the opening of a cup, jar or other narrow vessel and sucking in until the air vacuum causes their lips to swell up. 'i screwed up,' wrote one teenage girl along with her #kyliejennerchallenge selfie, while another complained she looked 'gross' the method works by way of the airlock created in the opening of the glass or jar, which increases blood flow to the lips and causes them to swell
the health department continues to investigate how 34 people in six states contracted the hepatitis A virus. patties Foods said no hepatitis A virus or E.coli were detected in any sample of its recalled and non-recalled Nanna's Mixed Berries 1kg product during its own testing. the company's microbiological and viral testing does not confirm any link between Nanna's Mixed Berries and the virus and shows no systemic failure of its quality assurance programs.
doctors sent letter to dean of Columbia's Faculties of Health Sciences and Medicine. accused him of pushing'miracle' weight-loss supplements with no scientific proof that they work.
'security detachments were able to... detonate a car bomb left at the american consulate building in the city that led to the killing and wounding of many of them,' ISIS said in a daily audio message posted online. but the US state department said the bombing in Ainkawa, near Kurdish regional capital Arbil, did not kill or wound any consular employees.
Riley Filmer, 14, has been prevented from attending classes at her Melbourne high school because her shoes do not meet the strict uniform guidelines. the year eight student turned up for classes wearing new shoes on the first day of term. she was offered a pair of shoes from lost property and remained until the end of the day. her mother Anne Parker has expressed her outrage over the 'ridiculous' situation.
two-thirds of new uk fathers are now over 30. men are able to produce sperm throughout their lives. however, the quality declines and this could have implications for the next generation.
Phynova Joint and Muscle Relief contains sigesbeckia, a traditional Chinese herb traditionally used to treat aches and pains caused by arthritis. 'it gives us another alternative to anti-inflammatory drugs which come with potential side-effects such as gastrointestinal bleeding'
moya Gerber was travelling in her vehicle through the Kruger national park, south africa, when she spotted a buffalo. her sister Rone Odendaal, 24, took pictures of the struggle, before noticing the buffalo was heading for the road. while it managed to escape being eaten by the lions, it did receive a nasty knock to the head after running into the side of their van.
police are investigating the theft of about $70,000 worth of bull semen from a farm in southern Minnesota. farmer Daniel Weness, of LeRoy, reported on Tuesday that a storage canister with vials of bull semen was taken from his unlocked barn. a $500 canister held vials of semen worth between $300 and $1,500 each.
mark Gentle, from Farmington, Maine, found his son Carter sobbing because he thought the scar from his fifth open-heart surgery was 'ugly' he posted a picture of the little boy's chest to his facebook account in the hopes of generating some wider support and, in turn, boost Carter's confidence. the photo has received nearly 1.5 million likes since it was posted on April 11.
an unnamed 30-year-old former student filed the lawsuit against Joseph Koetters. the lawsuit alleges that when Koetters was in his early-to-mid 30s he took part in a yearlong sexual relationship with a 16-year-old student. the relationship began in the 2000-2001 school year. unnamed teachers and school officials are held responsible for not ending the relationship.
Sam Holtz, a 12-year-old sixth grader from Lake Zurich, Illinois, beat out 11.5million entries to win the annual ESPN Tournament Challenge on Monday. this as he selected Duke to win the NCAA title game, which they did by overcoming the favorite Wisconsin badgers 68 - 63. for that prize, valued at $30,000, Sam would have to legally be an adult as contest rules state individuals must be at least 18-years-old to qualify.
grocer operated a fleet of five aircraft for its bosses. four have been sold and the final one, a Hawker 800, will be gone. just days ago, Tesco managed to sell its seven-year-old, Gulfstream 550. it was capable of flying 14 executives at a time.
driver, Sam Smith, films with tornado just a few hundred yards in front of him. he can't make out which direction it's moving so doesn't know how to escape. 'i've never been in a tornado before. Totally crazy. it's coming right over me'.
the datai is a luxury hotel in the middle of a ten million-year-old rainforest. it was designed by australian architect Kerry Hill around datai bay.
the keen runner was wearing a high-tech running belt with no fewer than four water bottles. the belt is available for $64.95 (£35) at a Canadian sports retailer. he was also wearing headphones and top-of-the-range running shoes.
21-year-old 'ayyan' Ali jailed after staggering amount of cash found in her bag. charged with attempting to illegally transport more than $10,000 cash limit. last seen in public wearing 'uncharacteristic' black burka outside court.
frail Gaston pinsard, 96, jailed for 18 months for historic abuse of two girls. he was born in 1919 and claimed he was himself abused at a notorious Jersey home. the 96-year-old was married with four children at the time of the offences.
fugitive squirmed as he admitted only 'evaluating' files stolen from GCHQ. also acknowledged there had been a 'f***-up' when newspapers failed to redact details exposing operations against al qaeda. said such potentially catastrophic blunders were a 'fundamental price of liberty'
the crisis in A&E has led some people to blame a lack of available GP appointments for people heading to emergency departments instead. weekend opening hours for GPs has been touted as one solution. by improving access, many patients won’t need to take up other care services.
officer Michael Slager, 33, is being kept in isolation and can not walk down a hall in Charleston county jail without the entire cell block being cleared first. but on friday, his pregnant wife Jamie and his mother Karen Sharpe were allowed to speak to him. on Tuesday, he was charged with murder after opening fire on 50-year-old Walter Scott after stopping him over a broken tail light in north Charleston, south Carolina.
girls aloud star denise van outen is the latest big name to sign on the dotted line. the mother-of-one admits she's turned down the offer twice before. eastenders actress and 70s child star Bonnie Langford also signs up.
scientists at the shadow robot company spent 18 years developing the hands. they are each governed by 24 motors, 26 micro-controllers and 129 sensors. they can chop, stir, whisk and baste well enough to recreate anything. the device will be sold as early as 2017 as part of a purpose-built high-tech kitchen.
announcement made on company's blog by Microsoft Corporate VP of Worldwide Operations, Mary Ellen Smith, who has a teenage son, Shawn, with autism. positions will be based at its Redmond campus in washington. program will be run in partnership with specialisterne, a Danish nonprofit that helps train people with autism for careers in IT.
two hitmen associates of 'Freddy Krueger' killer jailed for attempted murder. Christopher Annan, 24, and Tyrone Wright, 20, took part in a gun attack. inan Eren, 35, was ambushed as he arrived home on 30 December 2012. he was shot three times in the arm, stomach and buttock. attack was led by hitman Jamie Marsh-Smith, 23, nicknamed 'freddy' after the nightmare on elm
mark lippert, 42, suffered deep gashes to his cheek and hand last month. envoy required 80 stitches to wound on his face and two-and-a-half hours of surgery. brace was created by Seoul’s Severance Hospital and lippert marveled at how quickly they had constructed it.
Yulia Simonova, 52, asked a friend to find someone willing to torture and murder 15-year-old Damian vanya after he ended their relationship. but police set up a sting operation, sending one of their undercover officers to pose as a hitman during a meeting with the teacher. a hidden camera filmed the moment she ordered a 'hit' on the 15-year-old. she said she wanted him to bleed to death before she 'finished'
the 25-year-old cousin of princes William and Harry was seen texting on her mobile. the royal, who is currently living in new york, showcased her hipster style for the second day in a row wearing a black and cream miniskirt.
he likened it to 'asking a fox to look after the henhouse or a temperance campaigner to run a brewery'. 'you wouldn't get Herod to run a baby farm, would you?' he wrote in the daily newspaper.
eighty guests fled the fire at the 119-bedroom hotel, which featured in TV's Inspector Morse. the five-star hotel, run by the macdonald chain, includes the morse bar.
the 28-year-old joked that Belfast is 'wonderful for two or three days' he emphasized that he has spent five years filming in the city. northern ireland is a principal filming location for the HBO series.
the 15-year-old became obsessed with her own weight and ate 100 calories a day. she would hide food down the side of her bed, lie to her mother about eating and sometimes surviving on just a piece of fruit a day. she collapsed at her family home and was rushed to intensive care. after spending a week on a heart monitor, she was finally offered support from eating disorder organisations as she began her recovery.
investigators say four children were playing in and around a parked minivan when one of them set a fire inside. two of the children managed to escape unharmed and quickly requested help. the other two children became trapped and were found dead inside after the fire was put out. no criminal charges are expected because of the age of the child who started the fire.
secret service agents parked the now-famous Scooby Doo van in a handicapped parking spot in Council Bluffs, Iowa on Thursday. the presidential nominee was in a top-secret meeting with state Democratic Party officials. the secret service is technically federal law enforcement officers, so there was no chance of a parking ticket.
ambra Battilana, 22, told police the Hollywood producer groped her in his office. she said he asked if her breasts were real before touching them and putting his hand up her skirt. the district attorney's office concluded a criminal charge is 'not supported'
sisonke Msimang, 41, moved to australia with her husband and children in the last few months. she has spent years writing about and commenting on human rights, race relations and government accountability in south africa. but upon relocating she said she's been faced with the realisation, that much like her native south africa, 'deepest and most abiding forms of racism' in australia are directed toward our own indigenous population.
australian father demonstrates how he gets his son to drift off in 42 seconds. he glids white tissue paper over his son's face repeatedly until he nods off. by the 14th stroke baby Seth has completely drifted off.
family of one of five men arrested in anti-terrorism raids warned they were falling victim to Islamic State recruiters. sevdet besim, 18, from hallam in south-east, charged with 'conspiracy to commit acts done in preparation for, or planning, terrorist acts' he is one of two 18-year-old men police arrested for allegedly planning an 'ISIS inspired' attack on anzac day.
the move is likely to anger both the U.S. and Israel at a time of heightened tensions between the world powers. Moscow blocked deliveries of the surface to air missiles to Iran in 2010 after the un imposed sanctions on Tehran. but the Russian president lifted the ban after Tehran struck an interim deal with Britain and five other countries to curb nuclear activities.
the 20lb lamb was born at a farm near Melton Mowbray, Leicestershire. his mother, seven-year-old Jean, is an experienced mother. but he is twice the weight of all his brothers and sisters born before him.
researchers looked at 477 anatomical features across 81 individual dinosaurs found in museums throughout Europe and US. instead of traditional method of plotting how similar each species is to the others, they instead used a'specimen-based protocol' this allowed them to analyse differences within each species, as well as between different species.
the 59-year-old spent two years in and out of mental institutions after the jab. he believed his Kindle could fly, dead friends were contacting him and that he could stop traffic just by thinking about it. but he believes the yellow fever vaccine could have dangerous side-effects that affect more people than previously thought.
the same jury that convicted Dzhokhar Tsarnaev will hear testimony on whether he should be sentenced to death or life in prison for. his crimes, starting next Tuesday. the sentencing phase of the trial is expected to. take four weeks, followed by jury deliberations.
clinical trials show olaparib can delay the moment when the disease gets dangerously out of control. up to 30 per cent of men with advanced prostate cancer have tumours that have DNA defects. olaparib stopped prostate cancer growth, generating lower tumour cell counts in the blood and improved responses in medical scans.
to celebrate the fifth series of HBO's hit series, travel service Zicasso is offering a luxury themed tour of southern Spain. the seven-night tour kicks off in the andalusian capital, Madrid, before heading further south. the tour includes a stop at the world's largest Gothic cathedral, registered by unesco as a World Heritage Site.
labour leader superimposed over rapper Plan B, issuing a call to 'come at me bruv' images thought to reference how he posed a direct message to the pm. 'if you think this election is about leadership, then debate me one-on-one'
Jordan Speith is in prime position to win the Masters, maintaining the lead. the 21-year-old is playing alongside British contender Justin Rose in the final. some of his american rivals, such as Tiger Woods, have slipped down the leaderboard.
corporation bosses fear they could be losing younger viewers. they are promoting digital services in a bid to tackle the problem. but viewers are currently able to use the BBC's online services without paying.
the monarch, 88, was spotted trotting through Windsor Great Park on her faithful black Fell pony, Carltonlima Emma. as is her wont, she eschewed a helmet in favour of a silk headscarf.
Nicola sturgeon refuses to rule out demanding a re-run within next five years. opponents claim she has 'broken a promise the size of Ben Nevis' in last year's historic vote, 55 per cent of Scots backed the idea of remaining in the united kingdom.
'all my grandparents, you know, came over here,' she said during a small business roundtable event in norwalk, Iowa. both of Clinton’s maternal grandparents, named Della Howell and Edwin Howell, were born in Illinois. her paternal grandfather, Hugh Rodham Sr., immigrated to the u.s. while his wife Hanna Jones Rodham was born in Pennsylvania.
former top gear presenter was guest of honour at a charity auction in the cotswolds. he said: 'in the olden days when i used to work for BBC, i couldn't say s***'. he also joked about 'trawling the job centre' for a hosting job.
Pierre Fulton was in the passenger seat when Officer Michael Slager pulled them over for a broken tail light. when Scott fled, Fulton and another officer stood by the Mercedes watching in shock as Slager chased him into a park and shot him dead. 'i'll never know why he ran, but I know he didn't deserve to die,' he said.
defining characteristic of character is that he only speaks a single word: 'Hodor' 'when he started saying it, they started calling him by it. it was the only word he had,' says his great-grandmother. in 1861, a french physician named Paul Broca was introduced to a man named Louis-Victor Leborgne.
Andrei soldatov accused the former US spy of not being 'transparent' he said he was being'secretive' about his arrangements with the Russian authorities. after he revealed himself in 2013 as the civilian CIA worker who stole a vast tranche of classified documents, he fled to Hong Kong and then Russia where he was given asylum.
the caves are found near the Mutnovsky volcano, 45 miles (72km) south of the regional capital of Petropavlovsk-Kamchatsky. local guide and photographer denis Budkov, 35, trekked inside the dangerous caves to capture the colourful scenes. the caves are given their various colours by light refracting through the ice - with the thicker the ice, the more emerald they appear.
the archive of 52 celluloid negatives show the great British adventurer and his men heading off in the snow-covered wilderness. some of the pictures show the herd of ponies the team used to haul the equipment-laden sledges on the 800 mile trek. the images also show the team of husky dogs used for part of the expedition.
the baby-faced boy from Memphis, tn, regularly posts pictures of 'gang life' he has amassed more than 3,000 followers on twitter. in one video he laughs and points a gun at the camera in an apparent attempt to look menacing - as adults laugh in the background.
'silver fox' is the nickname of the father-of-two, who smiled, but looked bemused and slightly embarrassed at the remark.
since Keeping Up With The Kardashians started in 2007, Kylie has been one of the biggest tween stars. the reality star appears poised to overtake all of her siblings as the most talked about member of her famous family. the teen stunned in her McQ Alexander McQueen black mesh dress which flashed a bit of skin with its sheer detailing.
billionaire blends in with tourists at the 'Campo de' fiori' in the italian capital. accompanied by family members and a discreet security guard. bezos is worth $34.7billion from his online marketplace.
tourists are being invited to book a trip to Russia and sleep in the natural habitat of the siberian tiger. the trip to Durminskoye Reserve in Khabarovsk lasts seven days in total. guests will spend time in the wild environs inhabited by the last remaining siberian tigers.
Raymond Lee Fryberg Jr. pleaded not guilty to illegally possessing a firearm. his 15-year-old son Jaylen killed four classmates and himself last year. he had been the subject of a domestic violence protection order that prohibited him from ever having firearms when he bought a gun in 2013. the order was against him by a girlfriend who said he had threatened her, slapped her and pulled her hair.
Jesse Norman allegedly gave out cake while campaigning for re-election. police are investigating reports of a breach of the Representation of the People Act 1983. 'we may have given out one or two to children, who are not even voters'
students at Wellington College, in Berkshire, spent last year studying a different classic book for their imminent AS-level exam. mistake only came to light when mock papers arrived and no exam questions related to the taught text.
the group, lesbians4hillary, launched on Monday to support the former First Lady's bid to become the nation's first female president. tennis star billie Jean King is co-chairing the campaign. 'her entire career has been a road map to get her to this moment and she has earned my respect and my vote to become the next President of the united states of America,' she said.
the CYG-11 seaplane uses reduced drag and increased lift from wing-in-ground effect to glide over wavetops. it can carry 10 passengers plus two flight crew and can reach a top speed of 155 mph (250 km/h) the aircraft is believed to be a joint project between Russia and china to build new types of super-efficient seaplane.
the comedian was spotted taking in a baseball game in new york on Monday. he was joined by Jerry Seinfeld, Larry David and broadway star Matthew Broadrick. the quartet were all present at Citi Field in queens to watch the game. Earlier Noah and Seinfeld had been photographed filming a segment for seinfeld's acclaimed Comedians in Cars Getting Coffee online series.
former headmaster, 47, questioned on suspicion of abusing position of trust. he has been suspended from his job as executive principal of two schools. family member claims he is 'happiest he's ever been' as he is looking forward to becoming a father this summer.
the justice department said Tuesday it has opened a civil rights investigation into the death of Freddie Gray. the 25-year-old suffered a fatal spinal-cord injury under mysterious circumstances after he was handcuffed and put in the back of a police van. the names of six officers who were involved in the arrest and the van transport of the black man have been released. the developments were cold comfort to hundreds of residents who on Tuesday evening took to the streets of west Baltimore to protest the police force in Gray's name
asif malik, 31, his partner Sara Kiran, 29, their daughter Zoha, seven, and their three sons Essa, four, Zakariva, two, and Yahya, one, were all caught on camera on a cross-channel ferry. they left their home in Slough, Berkshire, without mentioning any holiday or travel plans to family members, it is claimed. police have warned that the family may be heading to Syria. radical preacher anjem Choudary said yesterday
third-grade teacher Cheryl Heineman, 45, from St. Cloud, was arrested Wednesday at Central Avenue Elementary School in Kissimmee on multiple counts of sale and delivery of narcotics. the woman's suspected accomplice and lover, 20-year-old Jack Lindsey, is facing the same charges. the arrests came at the conclusion of a six-week investigation that was launched in early march after an informant tipped off police that Lindsey has been known to deal drugs
lenny mordarski, 68, was stabbed with the blue ballpoint on a flight to new hampshire. he said: 'imagine being asleep and then being stung by bees... owww!' the woman, dubbed 'Psycho Pen Lady' by another passenger, was removed from the flight. the flight was delayed for almost two hours due to the 'disturbance'
actresses Liz Hurley, 49, and Jacqueline Bissett, 70, or model David Gandy, 35, and soap star Dean Gaffney, 37, all have doppelgängers. a première in madrid this week revealed that the pair looked so similar that they could be identical twins.
'i've told Hillary that I don't think I'm good [at campaigning] anymore because I'm not mad at anybody. I'm a grandfather, and I got to see my granddaughter last night, and I can't be mad,' he said.
the booster landed successfully but the impact of landing caused it to tip over destroying the lower part of the rocket. despite being destroyed, the booster's flyback marks another step in the company's quest to develop rockets that can be refurbished and reflown. 'this might change completely how we approach transportation to space,' SpaceX vice president Hans Koenigsman said.
during a lesson on tolerance and acceptance, children at Horace Mitchell Primary School in Kittery Point were read I Am Jazz. the book is about a child 'with a boy's body and a girl's brain' who eventually finds a doctor that tells the family the boy is a transgender. some parents are unhappy with the school after they say their children came home with questions about gender and wondering if they too might be transgender.
the five women were arrested the weekend before international women's day. they were preparing to hand out leaflets about sexual harassment on public transport. they now face being jailed for up to five years if they are charged. their families have issued a plea to authorities for their release.
the former Bab al-Aziziya compound in the capital city of Tripoli has been reduced to rubble. it was hit in a 1986 air strike before being pounded by NATO four years ago. the compound was used to intimidate and strike fear into the hearts of Libyans.
three studies have provided different theories for what happened after Earth was struck by a Mars-sized object called Theia, 4.45 billion years ago. what is agreed on, though, is that the impact actually happened. this is known as the giant impact hypothesis. it claims the moon formed after Earth was hit by a planet the size of Mars billions of years ago. but a mystery has persisted on why the moon and Earth are so similar.
Chancellor appeared to leave the door open when asked if he would be 'depriving more families' more than a million households lost out when coalition announced families with one parent earning £50,000 would pay tax on child benefit. anyone earning less than £50,000 still received full entitlement of £20.70 a week for the first child, and £13.70 for every subsequent child.
pre-med student Lizzie Cochran came up with the idea for her new clothing line after studying biology under a microscope. using mirroring, Photoshop and kaleidoscope effects, each biological subject was turned into an eye-catching pattern that could be printed on fabric. the designs in the line include scarves printed with rabies and chicken pox patterns, a flu of 1918 tote bag and yoga pants depicting polio, muscle cells and rabies.
at least six men were arrested in California and Minnesota by the FBI on Sunday after a joint terrorism task force investigation into youths traveling to join ISIS. the arrests were made in Minneapolis and San Diego but there is no threat to public safety. three men who were arrested in the Twin Cities were already known to authorities, according to reports.
James Coney had written an opinion piece for the Washington Post claiming Poland shares responsibility for the Holocaust with Germany. the piece sparked outrage among polish politicians and media. US Ambassador Stephen Mull met with the polish deputy foreign affairs minister and apologised for the comments.
JCNO jeans, popular at raves, are set to make a comeback. a bucket hat was originally a staple of fishermen and farmers. but the trend was ditched in favour of flattering shapes. celebrities such as singer rihanna aren't letting it go.
bereaved families say report is being dragged out so figures can rebut findings. publication of inquiry began in 2009 and has cost taxpayer almost £10million. report expected to criticise dozen of senior figures involved in 2003 conflict.
threat against flight 826 from Cologne Bonn to Milan's Malpensa airport was received on Sunday evening. the tower in Cologne immediately alerted the pilot of the Airbus A320, which was taxiing toward the runway at the time. instead of taking off the pilot steered the plane to a different part of the airport where passengers and crew were evacuated.
the clip resembles scenes from a Hollywood disaster movie, with cars turning around in the road and turning back in a desperate bid to escape the inferno. at the start visibility for the driver of the car with the dashcam is zero. intense blue flames from burning trees emerge through the blanket of smoke and ash. moments later a jeep races past on the right with the back of its roof on fire.
a woman picked up 20-year-old Kenneth Morgan Stancil III after his motorcycle broke down along i95. the woman didn't know he was armed with a knife and had almost $500 in tattoos. he is awaiting extradition back to north carolina, where he is accused of fatally shooting 44-year-old Ron Lane, a print shop director at Wayne Community College.
the six are accused of conspiracy to provide material support and attempting to provide material support to a foreign terrorist organization. the men planned to reach Syria by flying to nearby countries from Minneapolis, San Diego or new york city, and lied to federal investigators when they were stopped. they are the latest people from Minnesota to be charged in an investigation stretching back months into the recruitment of westerners by IS.
Lorna McCarthy feared for her life in the hours leading up to her death. she sent a series of messages to friends and family saying she didn't know 'what he is capable of these days' she urged her daughter to call the police if she did not hear from her the next day. but it was never received - and she had agreed to take her profile down. a little later, he entered her bedroom and stabbed her 13 times.
documentary follows three children and their families through such a situation. they reveal with heroic honesty why they are willing to risk their lives. they become the first children in the world to go through immunotherapy.
61-year-old piloted a small gyrocopter past landmarks in florida last week. he violated national airspace and landed on the west lawn of the capitol. he hoped to raise awareness about influence of big money in politics. but he has prompted a full-scale security review in washington.
four tourists filmed catching a bronzer shark in new zealand. one man stands at the water's edge with a fishing line in his hands. dragged by the great weight of the creature who has attached itself to his line. a massive shark leaps out of the water less than two metres away.
lix Bussey, 23, from Durham was hit by a car and died on holiday in Mexico. she was on holiday with boyfriend, also 23, in the resort of Riviera Maya. her family said she was devoted to the children she taught. it was their first holiday abroad together and they were 'besotted'
Nadine and Coleen have joined forces with Cancer Research for the drive. the ladies have also lent their faces to the ad campaign for the drive. the race raises money for research into over 200 types of cancer. women can take part in 5K, 10K and Pretty Muddy events.
the agreement was announced on Tuesday by a judge in an Orlando, Florida courtroom at the start of a hearing that had been scheduled to determine whether their marriage should be voided because Lolita Grayson was married to another man when they wed. that bigamy hearing was put on hold with the annulment announcement.
more than 25million live in constituencies where result can already be predicted. 650 seats up for grabs on may 7, with labour and the tories needing more than half to secure a majority. of 303 tory seats, 186 are considered safe while 151 of labour’s 257 constituencies are not expected to change hands.
the Prevention of Terrorism Act enables authorities to detain suspected terrorists for two years without charge or trial. but it also allows for authorities to apply for unlimited extensions after those two years expire. it effectively reintroduces controversial prospect of indefinite detention without trial in Malaysia - something prime minister Najib Razak originally repealed in 2012. human rights watch described it as 'a giant step backwards for human rights'
three's Feel at Home covers 18 destinations in Europe, Australia, the United States, Asia and the Middle East. customers can call and text UK numbers and use data in some countries at no extra cost to their UK price plans. three claims about two-thirds of its customers’ overseas trips are now covered by Feel At Home.
prime minister warns recovery would be 'put at risk' by'stitch-up' between labour and the SNP. more than 31 million people are in work after increase of more than half a million.
the royal mint will mark the birth of the duke and duchess of cambridge's second child in the same way it commemorated the arrival of prince george in 2013. the silver coin will be minted with the one penny's royal shield design and the new effigy of the queen, which was unveiled in march. it will be presented in a special white box, which will be tied with a purple ribbon and feature the image of a silver carousel horse.
rebel fighter Ahmed Shaheed bought a tiger cub whilst fighting in Syria. the extravagant purchase will remain with its mother until it is old enough to become Shaheed's pet. news comes just a month after the 28-year-old revealed on social media that he was looking to buy an exotic pet to keep him company.
Sam Pearce, 24, of Milton,. Massachusetts, was discovered on the subway in. new york city by a model who asked if he could send his picture to his own modeling agency. soon after, he signed a modelling contract with RED NYC and started posing for designer lookbooks and walking in fashion shows in London and Milan under the pseudonym Sam Worthen. he says his two jobs are similar in that they are both hectic and he needs to keep a straight face during
the firm claims its latest update to its android handsets can understand handwriting in 82 languages in 20 distinct scripts. it works with both printed and cursive writing input with or without a stylus. it even allows users to simply draw emoji they want to send.
more than 6000 people attended sold-out dance party 'Midnight Mafia' police were targeting the use and supply of prohibited drugs at the venue. a 22-year-old man was arrested in possession of 441 MDMA tablets. a 23-year-old man was also taken into custody after he was allegedly located with 124 MDMA tablets and a wad of cash.
the Germfalcon uses ultra violet light to kill bacteria in the cabin. tray tables, seats and blankets are the worst offenders on an aeroplane. germs such as E.coli and MRSA can linger for up to a week. there are no clear rules on how often aeroplanes should be cleaned.
former labour MP, 86, will not face child sex charges because he has dementia. but he signed a letter saying he wanted to remain in the house of Lords. he requested an extension of his leave of absence 12 days ago. a house of Lords spokesman confirmed he signed the note himself.
once a pilot initiates the sequence to start a modern plane, the remaining steps are done automatically. flight attendants eat the same meals that are provided to passengers if the airline bothers to feed them at all. to reduce the risk of food poisoning, the crew can bring their own food on board.
experts believe the Molalla Log Cabin could have been built as early as 1795 - ten years before Lewis and Clark reached the Pacific Ocean. the log cabin's intricate construction is unlike pioneer building methods at the time, suggesting it was made by foreigners. the way the logs are tightly interwoven, secured without nails, is similar to Russian log cabins of the same time period, when Catherine the Great was sending envoys to Alaska.
former marine praised for'restraint and maturity' after refusing deadly force. he was in a patrol car chasing a double murder suspect in new york. the 27-year-old accused killer started sprinting towards him, asking him to shoot. he eventually surrendered and lay on the ground with his hands outstretched.
there are some fruits and seeds that really are a power-house of nutritional value. sour cherries contain high levels of antioxidants and can help a person sleep. cranberries have been used for years as an aid against urinary tract infections.
nearly all GPs do not think their own practice should open on weekends. nearly two-thirds are not even willing to consider joining larger groups. government has tried to encourage GPs to offer out-of-hours appointments.
the chipworks site has posted this amazing image revealing the internals of the firm's new Galaxy S6 smartphone. the findings suggest a deeper loss of business for chip supplier Qualcomm in the new generation of Samsung's flagship handsets than anticipated previously.
previously unseen flightplan of mission to drop atom bomb on Hiroshima for sale. hand-drawn diagram shows pilot being told to arrive at 30,000ft, drop payload two miles short of city, then veer away sharply at 28,500ft. also includes flight logs and eyewitness account of the bombing raid. £300,000 archive compiled by co-pilot of bomber which dropped bomb on august 6, 1945.
Sharon Winters was searching for her soulmate when she met Kevin Hawke online. but less than two weeks later she was found dead in her flat in liver, spleen, lungs and heart. her brother has warned other women to be careful when looking for love online. he said: 'She was a lonely heart just wanting love. that animal preyed on her caring nature'
the official number was issued to Hernandez as he started the rest of his life in jail, at Cedar Junction state prison in Massachusetts. he is being moved to the maximum security souza-baranowski correctional center near Shirley today. it can also be disclosed that he was hooked on 'angel dust', a drug known to cause users to experience violent outbursts and paranoia.
the two-storey hospital building in central china is being rolled just eight metres a day on 1,000 metal rollers. it is being pushed south by 17.5 metres to its new, designated spot, away from the demolition zone. the huge brick building is 1,700 square metres in size and requires more than 1,000 wheels to 'roll' it.
police said Nicholas Dematteis, 39, flew into the rage while at restaurant Bocca East during brunch on Saturday afternoon. he demanded a free meal around 4pm because of slow service, police said. the 34-year-old manager tried to calm him down when he spewed a homophobic slur at the man, according to another manager. as the manager followed Dematteis outside of the restaurant, he grabbed his neck and hurled him against a bar
the fast car sequel took an estimated $29.1 million over the weekend. this brings its domestic total to $294 million, well above the $202.8 million that Fast & Furious 6 had earned at the same point in the cycle in 2013. Furious 7 is now one of the ten highest grossing movies of all-time worldwide.
the 29-year-old from Chicago has androgen insensitivity syndrome (AIS), a very rare disorder which prevents a womb from growing and causes testes to grow in the abdomen. she was born with an enlarged clitoris, no uterus and a partial vagina that surgeons later extended so that as an adult she might have normal sexual intercourse. two decades ago, there was little information about AIS and Pagonis' parents were'n't sure how to talk open
Sophia Adams, 21, beat 1,000 hopefuls to land a modelling contract. the trainee police officer will be joining the brand's curvy line-up. she will be starring in their spring/summer 2016 catalogue shot in the Mediterranean.
Transavia France is offering cheap flights with packets of crisps, gummy bears and cereal bars at participating shops. customers who buy one of the products before the #SnackHolidays promotion ends on April 21 will find a voucher that can be redeemed online for a discounted flight. the products are being sold at participating carrefour city shops, in selecta vending machines at two Paris metro stations, and at an Mk2 cinema in Paris.
ukip leader says it is a'reasonable proposition' to charge for treating drunks. admits to having a pint most lunchtimes and admits to having a pint. reveals he is finding the election campaign 'knackering' polls suggest support for the party is on the slide.
researchers from the university of Maryland found that flour made from peanut kernel stimulated the growth of friendly bacteria. the friendly bacteria out-competes harmful bacteria by occupying space on intestinal walls and by producing antimicrobial substances.
a series of images capturing the late actor on set for the last time have been released in conjunction with today’s release of Fall of an Empire: The Story of Katherine of Alexandria. in the pictures O’Toole can be seen laughing and joking with fellow cast members despite suffering from a long-term illness that would eventually prove fatal. director michael redwood said 'inevitably wind-ups surfaced whenever the devil inside him needed entertaining'
the woman, who calls herself Zhu Diandian online, has raised her beloved Five Flowers since it was a piglet. the porker has now grown to a whopping 187lbs (13st) but that has nothing to weaken the bond between the two. her husband is understood to be 'tolerant' of the relationship.
retailers are unveiling quirky products designed to make your life easier this summer. from unbreakable sunglasses to foldable wellies, FEMAIL has rounded up the eight products you should be packing.
research suggests certain types of music can bring out flavours in foods. intensity of Luciano Pavarotti's Nessun Dorma is said to be perfect accompaniment to dark mouse or coffee. high-pitched piano in billie Holiday's autumn in new york can help emphasise the autumnal flavour of a pumpkin pudding.
manjinder Virk will play pathologist Dr Kam Karimore in the drama. it is the first significant role for an ethnic minority actor. in 2011, executive producer Brian True-May described the show as the 'last bastion of englishness' because it had no black or Asian characters.
social media users have taken to Snapchat to share their rainy day adventures. one user joked that the owner of a boat 'knew what was coming' another man windsurfed down the street using his umbrella as a sail.
Sabrina Rubin Erdely wrote a flawed article about a university of virginia student named Jackie, who claimed to have been gang raped by seven men at campus fraternity Phi Kappa Psi two years ago. but a recent investigation by the police found no evidence to support her story- including the fact that the man who brought her to the fraternity the night of the alleged assault doesn't seem to exist. the Columbia Journalism School will release a review of
councillor, 73, stabbed his wife of ten years with a seven-inch kitchen knife. he grew suspicious of her and hired a private investigator to follow her. they agreed to stay together but he later attacked her - stabbing her in the chest, torso, arms and back.
the 1904 Victorian build in the bay area will be sold at a live auction. experts say the eerie backstory could even add to the intrigue. the remains which were removed from the house on April 4 are believed to be that of Anna Ragin.
noor Ellis admitted a role in the killing of her 60-year-old husband, businessman Robert Kelvin Ellis, at their home in Bali last October. his body, with wrists and feet bound, was found wrapped in plastic, dumped in a ditch in a rice field near Sedang village. his wife of 25 years, noor Ellis, was arrested along with seven other men, including the couple's two former maids and the boyfriend of one of the maids.
colby Ramos-Francis was born with a small, heart-shaped growth over his eyelid. it quickly developed into a large benign tumour that continued to expand. his parents claim doctors were unable to treat the growth or offer surgery. they have now had the tumour removed free-of-charge thanks to the LBFF.
a single gene called TcSAD1 is responsible for the melting point of cocoa butter. plant geneticists say their finding could also lead to new varieties of climate change-resistant cocoa plants. more than five million cocoa farmers and their families depend on cocoa for their livelihoods around the world.
Jenny-Lee, 28, was diagnosed with leukaemia seven months into her pregnancy. doctors told her she could give birth via a caesarean section and undergo chemotherapy, but she refused both options as they required her to receive a blood transfusion. her mother, Heather, said her daughter believed the cancer treatment would harm her unborn child, named Aroura. she blamed local doctors for her daughter's unnecessary death, claiming they should have tested her sooner.
the goose at first appeared to make it successfully through the operation at a bird and wildlife clinic Wednesday but then died a short time later. a worker at the Anaheim Hills car wash befriended the goose several days ago by feeding it bread crumbs and was able to catch it and turn it over. the cause of the birds injuries are unknown but officials believe it was the victim of animal cruelty.
some 24 per cent of 13 to 17-year-olds admitted they were constantly checking their devices, including when they were at school. nine in teenagers also confessed to going online every day as they were unable to resist the lure of Facebook and Instagram.
attorney's for 42-year-old David serbeck on Monday told the Utah Court of Appeals that his original lawyers should have pushed harder to exclude or dispute allegations tying his relationship with the 17-year-old victim. two years after he had sex with the 17-year-old victim, serbeck was shot and paralyzed in July 2009 by the teenage victim's angry father.
Luke Munro, 19, and Dylon Thompson, 21, raided a corner shop in blackpool. they pointed a gun at the owner, his wife, and their toddler as they hid. when they refused to hand over cash, they threw sweets at them before fleeing. police said the attack was 'extremely distressing' for the family.
home secretary theresa may said the manifesto will spell out plans to negotiate a new deal with Europe, including curbing access to benefits. under the proposals, unemployed EU migrants in the uk will be banned from receiving state support. they would be barred from claiming handouts like housing benefit or tax credits until they have been in the uk for four years.
the tyranny of the nine-to-five is about money, but also about moral worth. people stream into their places of work driven by a sense of vocation, some by resigned boredom, some by greed, some by need.
police in tulsa county, oklahoma, intercepted a package headed to a home in the town of Tahlequah. the bunny contained condoms and $30,000 worth of meth. the intended recipient, Carolyn Ross, has been arrested.
police believe the shooter was 20-year-old Kenneth Stancil, a former student who did not graduate from the goldsboro, north carolina, college. he allegedly entered the building at 8am carrying a long-barreled gun, went up to the third floor, and fired one shot, killing long-time employee, Ron Lane. it is not known whether Stancil and Lane are connected or related.
tola ore, 32, fitted a keyboard video mouse to the USB port of her computer. the device allowed fraudsters to take control of the workstation from outside the bank in Palmers green, north london. the gang attempted to deposit £1,274,000 into 12 different bank accounts over the course of one morning on July 23, 2013.
american pie's lyrics were sold at auction in new york for more than $1 million. they were hand-written in 1971 by a young folk singer called don McLean. it illustrates, in a series of images, metaphors and allusions, what can be done within the frame of a melodically straightforward pop song.
pit bull mix Chester, 6, was found as a stray in 2010 and had been living in shelters for the past five years. a picture of him with a sign around his neck was shared more than 6,000 times and inquires about adopting him poured in from across the country.
father-of-three accused of forcing social worker to the floor, injuring her wrist. the 43-year-old'strategised' his shopping and grabbed a 32in television. but the 53-year-old slipped her hand behind the security cable to hang on. but seconds later she ended up on the floor and in serious pain. judge cleared him of any wrongdoing, saying it was hard to blame anyone.
the ink illustration comes from a 14th century manuscript known as the Smithfield Decretals. it shows a cloaked creature with long, spiky hands and protruding pointy ears. it's not clear which character ‘yoda’ is meant to be in the tale.
experts fear millions of two-inch-long Asian hornets could be heading to uk. hornets have killed at least six people and terrorised wildlife in france. they pick off bees as they leave hive until colony is exhausted. hornets are capable of destroying 30,000 bees in just a couple of hours.
the 35-year-old IT entrepreneur is australia’s equal richest self-made billionaire under 40. he co-founded his company in an extremely modest apartment above a sex shop at the age of 22. he will share the home with his wife, the designer behind fashion label House of Cannon. he will have the option of working in the incredible library, which also doubles as a home office.
the drone was supposed to be capturing footage of the royalburgers zoo chimp enclosure for a reality show. after the attack, the drone crashes to the ground - only for the chimp to pounce on it.
Atlanta Hawks star Thabo Sefolosha was wrestled to the ground by six cops. footage taken outside a nightclub in Chelsea, new york, appears to show him being grabbed around the neck and bundled over by officers. moments later, video shows his teammate pero anti being led away in handcuffs. both players were arrested for trying to prevent police from setting up a crime scene.
former head of the metropolitan police's elite Flying Squad, John O'Connor, said the heist could be linked to the massive fire which ripped through London last week. the fire started last week and took more than 24 hours to put out. the gang broke into the Hatton garden safe deposit heist over the weekend - just 500 metres from the raid site.
the company must supply monthly data to the regulators and conduct flights at 400 feet (120 metres) or below and in 'visual meteorological conditions' it is developing aerial vehicles as part of amazon Prime Air. the company has been pursuing its goal of sending packages by air.
the clip was filmed on Saturday in shortandy village, 40 miles north of the capital Astana. it captures the cloud hovering in the sky for 15 minutes before suddenly vanishing without trace. the video has been viewed more than 50,000 times since being uploaded to YouTube.
more than 20,000 children passed ten or more GCSEs with either an A or an A* grade between 2009 and 2013. critics say not enough has been done to stop qualifications becoming too easy. in 2009, the number of students who managed to get straight As was 15,791.
dustin Wayne south, 32, died at the scene in a field behind Lassiter Middle school. a neighbor saw him waving a gun in the air. he died of a self-inflicted gunshot wound to the head. two bullets fired by police struck south, but neither was lethal.
footage was shot from a high rise apartment in the province of Salihorsk, south of the capital of Minsk. as dark clouds move over the city, the entire area is plunged into darkness. the storm was caused by a cold front moving in from the Ukrainian-Belorusian border, named a haboob.
route 1 from san francisco to los angeles takes three weeks to complete. route is 350 miles long and winds through some of california's most wonderful scenery. route has a 55mph speed limit and has only one lane in each direction.
Sara Martin, 37, was diagnosed with aggressive, inoperable brain cancer in 2010. mother-of-three, from Lititz, Pennsylvania, has not spoken for weeks. but one day recently, she uttered a single word: 'Florida' her family is taking her to Sarasota, south-west florida, today. 'if you say 'Florida,' I'll get dad to take us,' she promised sister.
teenager named locally as leah Price from the Nottingham area. she was airlifted to hospital last night from the blue dolphin camping site near Filey, north Yorkshire. police say it is believed she lost her footing on the cliffs.
76-year-old was battered to death with a claw hammer by his neighbour. his wife, Enid, 70, ran out to help what she thought was an injured man. but she discovered blood splattered walls where her husband had been beaten. it was in fact Alan Rogers, 73, who had smashed the skull of 76-year-old. yesterday Rogers was sentenced to a hospital order under the Mental Health Act and told he may never
father-of-two James Koryor, 41, arrested on suspicion of manslaughter and child abuse. police say he took his two sons to get haircuts on monday about 1pm, but instead went to a liquor store, where he bought a bottle of gin. he then drove around drinking with the boys in the car, before going home and falling asleep. the boy's mother then found him in the car some time later.
two-year-old tabby cat disappeared after 14-hour flight from Abu Dhabi to new york. his crate was damaged in transit and he escaped and ran away. he was discovered at Jfk airport after being on the loose for more than two weeks.
the 56-year-old mother-of-four kissed the 28-year-old singer onstage at coachella on sunday night. after the kiss, the singer looked horrified, even wiping his mouth. sources told TMZ that Drake liked the kiss, but that it was merely her lipstick that turned him off.
biologists at jyväskylä university in finnish say that eye-spots on the wings of butterflies do in fact mimic the eyes of larger and more threatening species, like owls. a moth has an unusual evolutionary adaptation that allows it to confuse the ultrasound used by bats. this makes the bats target the end of the tails rather than the moth itself.
the 65-year-old will speak in a 'far-ranging' interview with Sawyer for a special edition of '20/20' on friday April 24. the interview comes amid growing speculation about the father-of-six's transition to a woman, and follows closely behind his involvement in a deadly car crash in California in February.
Claudia Martins, 33, gave birth alone at her sister's flat in Knowle, Bristol. she kept her pregnancy secret from family and friends, including her sister. paramedics were called after she was found with 'a lot of blood' in bath. earlier she had killed the infant by stuffing toilet paper down its throat. she then wrapped the baby girl in towels and a plastic bag and hid her body in a suitcase - where it lay undiscovered for three days.
former marine and devout churchgoer Michael Rogan, 42, died early on friday. his wife, Niki, and their seven children aged between two and fifteen years old, suffered minor injuries. the deer was hit by another vehicle and thrown into the windshield of the van. friends set up a GoFundMe account to help cover funeral expenses. within three days almost $190,000 has been raised.
the Moose Toys HQ in melbourne has a cubby-house meeting room at the top of a beanstalk. staff can scribble their ideas on walls made out of whiteboards while the Employee of the Year gets a gold crown and cape. 'we're the google of australia and that's how we see ourselves,' says Moose Toys general manager.
the ad is shot entirely in black and white, with just a slick of pink visible. it's part of a major rebrand for the cosmetics company. the move is said to signal it's intention to inspire love.
researchers have isolated bacterial DNA of several strains of the disease. they found 14 different strains of TB bacteria that had infected eight of the bodies found in the crypt of a church in the city of Vác, Hungary. they say the strains all evolved from a single germ that had begun infecting people during the late Roman period.
conrad Clitheroe, 54, and Gary Cooper, 45, from stockport were arrested. they were stopped by police for writing down aircraft registration numbers. they were taken to a police station and despite being told they would not be detained, were put into prison. families of the men confirmed they had been told they would be able to return home.
'my name is Chris' campaign launched to raise money for his treatment. the non-taxpayer subsidised treatment for his hodgkin's disease - Brentuximab Vedotin - has improved his condition dramatically. the 35-year-old has been able to go back to work part-time in between travelling to Sydney for medical treatment.
police say a gunshot rang out and then a man was found dead with an apparent self-inflicted wound around 5 p.m. near the buffet at the M Resort Spa and Casino in Henderson, Nevada. one adult who heard the gunshot and fell while running away was taken to the hospital with minor injuries. several people who had gone to the buffet for an Easter meal posted tweets expressing their shock at the incident.
the chief political correspondent of Slate magazine was announced as the new host on Sunday after the 78-year-old announced he would be retiring last week. he is expected to make his first appearance this summer, ending Schieffer's 14-year reign as host of the long-running news program. Dickerson worked for time magazine for 12 years, four of them as white house correspondent, and has written extensively about the 2008 presidential campaign.
beverley Davis was supposed to be helping to care for 89-year-old veteran. but she tricked him into handing over his bank cards to steal £9,164. her actions left him so devastated he lay in bed at night worrying about money. he died just five months after her crime was discovered.
the Siezen family's house appears to be nothing more than an oversized and strangely shaped truck. but when it is unfolded, the vehicle transforms into a majestic and cosy home for Justin, Jola and their baby son. the couple said their truck-castle was perfect for their travelling lifestyle, which involves constant travel due to Jola's job as an acrobat.
'i don’t think the country can afford more austerity,' she said. she also pledged to form alliances with minor parties such as the greens.
Nicola Sturgeon said she would try to 'lock' David Cameron out of downing street. she said the offer stood'regardless of who is the biggest party' in the house of commons. comes amid fallout from claims she told a french diplomat she wanted pm to stay.
abby Swinfield, 18, was partying with friends when she was rushed to hospital. she was placed in a coma, but died a week later from multiple organ failure. police have arrested a girl for supplying drugs following her death.
starkey says ethnic minorities and disabled people should not 'assume status of victim' claims evidence suggests women are of average intelligence, men are either'very, very bright or very thick' but 70-year-old denied he is sexist and said he did not believe any politician was equipped to be pm.
six years, one marriage and two children later, the actor has revealed that he doesn't even notice the age gap because of his mature nature. he is so grown up that friends of the couple call him Benjamin Button after Brad Pitt's character in the 2008 film The Curious Case of Benjamin Button.
the sum dwarfs payments for troops seriously wounded on the battlefield. those who have lost both legs in combat are eligible for £570,000. another soldier has received £411,000 after being left with psychological problems caused by harassment at the hands of senior troops.
a hapless car thief likely stole the 2001 Toyota corolla after the boy's father left it running and briefly unattended in front of his home. but the car thief clearly didn't notice the boy curled up on the backseat fast asleep as he sped away with the vehicle. the boy's mother frantically called 911 and authorities issued an Amber Alert.
the average cost of the big day hits £25,000. brides are on the hunt for ways to cut costs. FEMAIL has pitted the best dresses on the high street against the more high-end gowns.
Georgina gosden, 25, allegedly punched a 21-year-old woman in the face. she is said to have carried out a similar attack on a 25-year-old last year. both incidents took place at townsville's Mad Cow Tavern in north Queensland.
seven-car maglev hit a top speed of 375mph (603 km/h) and travelled for almost 11 seconds at speeds above 373mph (600km/h) during a test run near Mount Fuji. it beat last week's speeds of 366mph (590kph), which in turn beat the train's previous 12-year record of 361mph (581km/h) maglev trains use magnets to lift and move them above a guideway.
109-year-old tortoise escaped from 74-year-old owner's garden 11 months ago. he wandered through a gate in her garden and headed for the open road. he was picked up by a passing driver concerned for his safety. six months ago, he was re-homed with a couple living 22 miles away.
the company is in talks with Florence and the Machine to give Apple limited streaming rights to a track from their album set to be released in June. Apple has also approached Taylor Swift and others about partnerships. Beats Music will be re-launched in coming months.
biggest pension reforms in a century launched yesterday allowing over-55s to cash in pension pots rather than being forced to buy a fixed monthly income. but as pensions freedom day finally arrived, the government appealed for caution. he said over-55s ‘don’t have to rush this’ and insisted there was ‘a case for waiting and seeing’.
Adam leheup, 34, cleared of rape and sexual assault by jury at blackfriars crown court. university of greenwich graduate had been wooing 35 woman online. told jury she 'freaked out' when he tried to comfort her about her saggy breasts. woman, 25, claimed he ignored her cries of 'no' and afterwards said: 'in my experience girls say no, but they don't mean it'
Jeremy hunt promised an immediate crackdown if his party is in power. he said: 'off-payroll contracts are clearly being abused' comments led a storm of reaction from all political parties.
legendary french chef has been wining and dining a string of glamorous blondes since divorcing his wife of eight years, heiress, Cheryl, last year. the coterie includes a former flame, an artist, a hospitality manager and the woman at the centre of his bitter divorce – former cloakroom attendant Nataliya Lutsyshyna. but this has not stopped him rekindling his close friendship with Debbie Spivey Izo, an american divorce
a finger-width flexible tube called an endobronchial ultrasound (EBUS) allows doctors to see inside the lungs and take a tissue sample in one go. it even allows them to assess instantly the type and severity of the cancer. EBUS patients wait an average of 14 days for a decision, compared with 29 days for those diagnosed via more conventional techniques.
the 42-year-old stars in the new airwick fragrance campaign. she says that simple touches can make a home more homely. the shoot has been captured by renowned photographer, Willy Camden.
Luca Railton was born with bones missing from his legs due to rare condition. doctors said he would have to have his right leg amputated or fused straight. but his family refused to accept these grim prospects, which would have left him severely disabled for life. instead, they began desperately trying to find other suitable treatments. they eventually found an american surgeon called Dr Dror Paley. he assured his parents his leg could be saved and he underwent a series of operations to break his right leg and
middlesbrough beat wolverhampton 3-2 in the premier league on tuesday night. aitor karanka's side had to win all four of their remaining matches to finish in the top two of the championship. blues loanee Patrick Bamford scored the other goal.
the president's spokesman said a two-week break in congressional activity has meant 'we have not been able to have as many face-to-face conversations as we would like' a Senate panel is set to vote tomorrow on an intensely debated bill that would give Congress a say on a potential deal aimed at keeping Tehran from developing a nuclear weapon. the white house said administration officials would hold classified briefings with Members of Congress aimed at 'helping' them understand 'commit
'i'd like to explain exactly what that means so that no one thinks i'm in any way devaluing Stay-At-Home Moms,' he writes. his wife, Glorianna, stays at home with the couple's two-year-old son Ezra because of high child care costs.
anand Iyer, 36, quit his job to be a house-husband. he said he 'felt terrible' about not seeing his two-year-old daughter.
the 44-year-old looked particularly glamorous on her way to BBC's Andrew Marr Show in a fuchsia column dress that flattered her slimmed-down physique. she is rumoured to have hired a personal shopper and employed stylist in the run-up to the Scottish parliament election in 2007.
pollster ICM today defended its process 'using random location selection techniques'. the polling company was hired by the BBC to select the audience members. but he said something had gone 'wrong' with the process.
the explorer has previously suffered two heart attacks and underwent a double heart bypass in 2003. he was forced to lie down intermittently during the last few hours of the race because of concerns for his heart. the veteran explorer has raised almost £1million for the charity.
18-year-old from Wiltshire posted obnoxious message on police's page. said: 'oi yo check if there's a warrant for my arrest, if so good luck' he went out for a night out in his home town where he was spotted by police. they chased him on foot before finally grabbing him. he was charged with theft and burglary and failing to answer bail.
pensioner, 87, caused a disturbance on board an Air Canada flight from germany to Toronto. the flight crew allegedly restrained the pensioner until the plane was forced into the unplanned landing. on touching down at Shannon airport, the elderly woman was met by police. she has since been released without charge and will undergo a fit-to-fly screening.
wendell Steiner, his wife, and their four children were stopped by police in Akron, Ohio during their 300-mile journey from Nova, Ohio to Pennsylvania. the mixed-breed puppies were wind-battered and huddled together in the cage when they were rescued, but had no injuries. the cage was covered on three sides with a blanket but its rear was left exposed.
next has an impressive line of designer copies selling for a fraction of the price of the big labels. the company also does its own versions of high-end homeware that won't break the bank. next's greatest strength is identifying catwalk trends that will appeal to its target market: mothers aged 30 and over and women starting out in their careers.
the Great Dying, which struck the Earth 252 million years ago, wiped out more than 96% of the world's creatures. and while extreme volcanic eruptions are commonly blamed for triggering the event, research has found the majority of species were killed when the oceans became more acidic. the amount of carbon added to the atmosphere to trigger the mass extinction was 'probably greater than today's fossil fuel reserves'
adult sons, JP and Paul, each lost their right leg when they were hit by the explosive mix of shrapnel and ball-bearings unleashed by the Tsarnaevs. the men, now in their mid-thirties, shielded friends from the second of two blasts which went off by the finish line at the 2013 marathon. norden said: 'people who live it day in and day out, their lives are just coming back somewhat'
a visually identical GMC van drove up to Capitol Fruit Company in suburban Des Moines, Iowa on Tuesday with a nearly identical Secret Service escort vehicle. both armored vehicles have raised roofs, deep-tinted windows and new york license plates. while the original van – nicknamed 'Scooby' after the cartoon show – sports a mustard-yellow new york tag, the second has blue and white plates of a different design.
the 121-foot brig of the James McBride, which ran aground during a storm on October 19, 1857, has been revealed following ice-melt on the lake. the soul-stirring images were snapped during a routine helicopter patrol by the u.s. coast guard. the lake is home to dozens of shipwrecks, most of which were grounded lumber at the turn of the 20th century.
Julie McKenzie, 53, went to see her GP three months after developing back problems. x-rays revealed that her spine was slightly curved, a condition known as scoliosis. but she felt there was more to it - she'd always been strong and active. a month after seeing her GP, and feeling increasingly desperate, she used her private medical cover to see a spinal surgeon, Robert Lee.
university of south carolina student Elizabeth Scarborough, 21, started learning to play Taylor's music when she was 15 after classmates told her she looked like the star. she's now making money as a tribute artist. she's learned to sing and play Taylor's music on the guitar, and has also practiced copying the singer's facial expressions.
a gecko was stuck to the lining of a coat she bought from asda. a four inch-long gecko was flattened, its scales imprinted onto the fabric. asda apologised and offered her a refund and £40 voucher.
the Reverend Andrew Dotchin, 58, was celebrating the end of Lent. he was refused entry at the wine bar in Ipswich due to health and safety concerns. he strolled off instead to the nearby Revolution bar in the old cattle market.
a widower was miraculously reunited with his dog Missy on Saturday after a deadly tornado hit Illinois on Thursday. sadly, owner Clem Schultz's beloved wife Geraldine died in the blast. 'i look out my bedroom window and there’s this tornado and it’s looking right back in the window at me,' said Schultz.
a total of 150 business leaders have signed the letter warning against a 'change in course' among the new signatories is Simon Woodroffe, founder of Yo! Sushi. others include executives from two FTSE-100 firms and 10 from the FTSE-250 index.
a woman allegedly steals a donation box ahead of ANZAC day. the brazen thief allegedly stole the box at an RSL club in south-east of melbourne. the woman was seen wandering around the room before walking away. she took her reading glasses off and appeared to clean them. the footage has been posted on social media in a bid to track her down.
telesales call handler Charles Barnhoorn took nitrous oxide at a party. he was found dead in his bedroom at the family home in Kingsteignton. coroner recorded a verdict of self-infliction after he died from asphyxiation.
anti-racism protester Jacob King was snapped staring into the eyes of a neo-nazi at the Easter weekend's Reclaim Australia rallies. he said he had his arms spread out because he thought the man was going to attack him and his fellow protesters. he said he learned Islamophobic views from a young age but thankfully managed to 'unlearn' these views.
sheila von Wiese-Mack, 21, is accused of murdering her mother, sheila von Wiese-Mack, in a luxury hotel in Bali last august. her daughter, 19-year-old Heather Mack, will turn over a'significant percentage' of her $1.3million trust fund to care for her four-month-old daughter Stella. the petition asks for around a half a million dollars to be transferred to Stella, who has urgent needs, including clothing and baby
the sleepy squirrel had been taking a nap on a coconut leaf in the early morning sun in india. he gave a big yawn and flicked out his tongue. the cute moment was captured by 19-year-old student, Ranajit Roy in his hometown of Bengaluru.
Sgt. George Hildebidle, who had been on the force since 2003 and was married with two children, barricaded himself inside his grand oaks home. the 911 call that came through around 7am was listed as a domestic dispute. the officer's wife made the call, which was listed as a domestic dispute.
carwyn Scott-Howell got lost on the slopes and left piste, according to a source. he then walked through a treacherously steep wooded area in the Alps. he was on holiday with his mother, brother and nine-year-old sister. police are still trying to piece together the tragic sequence of events. investigators are unsure how he came to be at top of steep 320ft cliff.
Domanik green, 14, allegedly hacked into laptop at Paul R. Smith middle school. he used administrator's password to alter image to two men kissing. he was arrested on wednesday and detained at land o'lakes detention center. he was released into custody of his mother later the same day.
Nicole McDonough, 32, was arrested in December on suspicion of having sex with an 18-year-old student while employed as a teacher at mendham high school. a subsequent investigation revealed that the married educator also allegedly engaged in improper 'communication' and 'fraternization' with two other 18-year-old male students. on monday, she applied for a pre-trial intervention program, which provides first-time, non-violent offenders with alternatives to traditional prosecution
autopsy will reconstruct the final hours of the 63-year-old actor's life. pathologist says he knew'something else was wrong with him' one day before his death, the actor stuffed his collection of watches into a sock. he also spent his final 24 hours frantically looking up drugs online. post-mortem revealed he had been suffering from dementia.
police arrested Truong's sister Alyssa Chang this week after she allegedly helped kidnap 2-year-old Ronnie Tran and his mother. the child's grandmother, 65-year-old Vien Nguyen, and the child's mother bound her with plastic ties and then took the two to another home in Fife. that same night, Truong says his sister asked him to babysit the toddler he had never met before, saying it was her boyfriend's son
the 37-year-old rapper penned an essay for Paper magazine's American Dream issue. he explained that if there was an actual Illuminati, 'it would be more like the energy companies'. 'we don’t run anything; we’re celebrities. we’re the face of brands,' he said.
landlady Deborah Steel, 37, last seen alive just after 1am on 28 December 1997. police believe she was killed and recently reclassified investigation as murder inquiry. search has full consent of present landlord who is not connected with investigation. 73-year-old man is on bail until 29 April and two others have had theirs cancelled.
serial killer has spent three decades in jail for the savage killings of 13 women. he is being lined up for the move after he expressed remorse and said he no longer hears the 'voices from God' which he blamed for his killing spree at his 1981 trial. a report is being compiled which will be heard next month at a prison tribunal which will rule if move goes ahead.
myuran Sukumaran and Andrew Chan were arrested in 2005 for smuggling heroin. the pair were sentenced to death in 2005 but were refused clemency. since then, their lawyers have been desperate to show the courts their rehabilitation. their cousin is currently holding an exhibition of his paintings in london.
Honza and Claudine Lafond, from Sydney, have taken their passion for yoga all over the world. they do handstands and downward dogs against draw-dropping backgrounds, showing off their impressive physical prowess. the couple run a worldwide studio called YogaBeyond, which combines life-coaching and fitness training.
58-year-old stole paintings, vases and silverware from Countess of Bathurst's home. she worked for the countess, 87, and helped herself to the riches. the haul included a sketch by Picasso and pewter plates, court hears.
'elliott label' is adorning the backs of stars including kourtney, Drew Barrymore and pop group, GRL. the 29-year-old former model and actress has been toiling away at her small leather brand for three years. a modern encounter - via Instagram - changed her fortune.
the reality star was left heartbroken last august when doctors revealed his 'best friend' and mother Kym Norris had just one hope for survival - a stem cell transplant. weeks earlier the dental receptionist was diagnosed with acute myeloid leukaemia. he launched the #savebobbysmum appeal to urge people to sign up as bone marrow donors.
supermarket giant could move its head offices from London to other sites in Europe'relatively painlessly', if Britain exits the eu. the tory election manifesto includes the promise of an in-out referendum by 2017, but only after reform of Britain's membership.
sadly for scandalmongers, the chance encounter was innocent. the two were snapped at bar one in inverness on friday. it was part of the Nip festival, which celebrates the gins and whiskies of the Highlands.
man, said to be in his 20s, was struck by a train at stockwell station this morning. he bent down to pick up his bag and was hit on the head by the train. he was rushed to hospital and is fighting for his life in hospital.
married couple and their eight-month-old son were crushed to death on monday. they were driving under state's Route 410 overpass in Bonney lake, washington. 50-foot-long concrete slab fell from construction site and landed on their truck. damage to truck was so great that it took police hours to extract bodies.
the 55-year-old was visiting the offices of paint firm AkzoNobel in Slough. he smiled broadly as he chatted to employees and was shown products. he has always denied he had any sort of relationship with Virginia Roberts.
six people are believed to have been killed in the violent protests. around 200 protesters pelted passing vehicles and police with rocks. police responded by firing rubber bullets and tear gas to disperse crowds. violence flared days after Zulu king said foreigners should leave.
Rhiannon Langley, 24, from Melbourne, has 189,000 followers on Instagram. the hairdresser is currently in a hotel in Bangkok recovering from surgery. she has remained active on social media, posting videos and snaps.
the change in policy comes as former board member Hillary Clinton undertakes her presidential campaign. the change in policy comes as the foundation's reliance on funding from several Middle East governments that suppress dissent and women's rights sparked criticism and gave Republicans a new offensive against the leading Democrat.
poppy Moore wed childhood sweetheart Sam Myers at Chelsea Register Office. the 23-year-old hosted a reception for 50 at the mayfair hotel. she wore a knee-length white dress and carried a bouquet of white roses.
the man scaled the grandstand before sprinting across the start-finish line. he then made a bid for the pit wall before heading to the Ferrari garage. it is believed he was waving his entry ticket and shouting: 'i want a car. I have got a ticket'
four-month-old boy died 12 hours after learning how to laugh for the first time. woke from a nap with a rash stretching from his head to his belly button. great-grandmother carried out the 'glass test' to see that it didn't fade. he was rushed to hospital but was diagnosed with meningoccal septicaemia. family have been left confused as to how he fell ill so quickly.
Bethany Farrell, 23, drowned while scuba diving in Queensland's Whitsundays. friends claim staff deleted photos taken shortly before she left the boat. 'there is no excuse. Ultimately her life was in their hands,' her father says.
italian activist and artist aleXsandro Palombo has turned his hand to photography for his latest project, 'What Kind Of Man Are You?' in the #briefmessage campaign, women hold up their often hard-hitting statements to the camera, sometimes staring boldly into the lens, and sometimes hiding behind the knickers.
autopilot ignored the pilot’s commands to climb and tried to crash. the airliner pitched down, falling at 9,500ft a minute, and fell to just 1,100ft above the ocean before its commander wrestled back control. the 42-year-old pilot put out a mayday emergency signal before regaining control and saving his 30 passengers and three crew just moments before the plane plunged.
Julia Ware, 16, accepted responsibility for three felony counts of homicide by vehicle and two misdemeanor counts of accident involving death or injury. her father, Michael Ware, is awaiting trial on three counts of involuntary manslaughter, endangering the welfare of children and other charges for allegedly allowing ware to drive. ware, who was 15 at the time of the accident, appeared at Wayne County Court in Honesdale, Pennslyvania, on Wednesday
barrientos, 39, married ten men in 11 years - and married six of them in one year alone, it's been revealed. her first marriage took place in 1999, with most recent being in 2010. all of her marriages took place in new york state.
the ornate Sheikh Zayed Grand Mosque, in Abu Dhabi, is the biggest in the middle east. the mosque is so spectacular that more than 400,000 devout worshippers make the pilgrimage to pray during the annual Eid celebrations. amateur photographer Julian John, originally from Brighton, Sussex, has been snapping photos of the mosque for four years.
'it was supposed to be a strategy meeting, but then all of a sudden he says, "Hey, we have Secretary Clinton coming in, would you like to go meet her?"' bird said. 'it was supposed to be a table and then all of a sudden he says, "Hey, we have Secretary Clinton coming in, would you like to go meet her?"' bird said. 'it was supposed to be a table and then all of a sudden he says,
the rate of bankruptcy, 15.7percent - remained the same no matter how long the players were in the league or how well they were paid. despite earning millions of dollars - former players go broke at about 1.1percent per year, the same rate as the rest of us. this, despite the fact that the average player makes $3.2million over the course of a career.
the unusual statistics were revealed as part of a Travelzoo survey. conservative supporters are more likely to opt for a light reading option. labour supporters are the most likely to try out their dance moves.
employment minister was branded'murderer McVey' in graffiti. she also had an election song written about her by rivals claiming she was going to hell. 'if they think by coming in the dead of the night and scribbling on a wall they will intimidate and bully me they are picking on the wrong person'
the 29-year-old is the first ever celebrity to front an Ann Summers campaign. the resort collection includes 15 swimwear pieces including plunge, bandeau and boost bikinis as well as curve-enhancing monokinis.
an italian-American grandmother is facing eviction from her $820-a-month apartment in Manhattan's Little Italy neighborhood. Adele Sarno, 85, who has lived there for more than 50 years, received a letter seeking to increase rent to the market rate of $3,500 a month. her landlord is the Italian American Museum which is dedicated to the legacy of Italian-Americans and is situated below her home. the spat is the latest involving the museum to cause a commotion in the neighborhood
representative wants to use two or three carriers to link Bremerton and Port Orchard across the Sinclair inlet. a proposal put forth by young which would use money from the state's highway budget to fund a feasibility study. the idea is intriguing because the US Navy is storing three retired carriers just a few hundred yards from the proposed site of the bridge.
top of the pops star was known to frequent a paedophile brothel in south west london. the 1960s hit band attended the same brothel as shamed bbc star. the group were identified in a secret police intelligence report from 1964. it is not clear whether the band and singer attended the brothel at the same time.
a federal prosecutor told a jury at the couple's child abuse trial that they engaged in 'a regimen of abuse and neglect' with their three foster children. the abuse left the toddlers with broken bones and numerous other health problems, the prosecutor said. the trial marks the second go-round for the Jacksons, whose previous trial last fall ended in a mistrial when a prosecutor inadvertently mentioned the death of one of their sons.
sleepy shoppers have taken to kicking off their shoes and sleeping on sofas. more than half of beds and sofas in Xihongmen IKEA shop in Beijing have been taken over by nappers. one weary woman said she had come in especially to grab a quick forty winks in one of their 'comfy' beds.
Sandra Garratt, 56, went through two years of agony following two back operations. not even morphine could ease the pain and this was the 'final straw', husband says. she left her home in rowley Regis, west Midlands, on good friday. but he became anxious for her welfare and called the police. hours later her body was found at the cornbow shopping centre.
Joyce Tabram, 82, was 39 kilograms when she was admitted to the hospital on march 30 with a swollen abdomen. she was told to fast for five days while waiting for tests to be performed on her. her test was put off until April 3 after she became fed up with no action being taken. she has called for the hospital to be shut down.
Tim Farron accused of 'betrayal' after inquest found he jumped from roof. deputy leader of cumbria county council fell from three-storey property. vilified over new parking charges in his westmorland and Lonsdale constituency. now his widow accuses him of reneging on a deal to support late husband.
the secret to forging Valyrian steel swords was said to have been lost with the Doom of Valyria. in the latest Reactions video for the american chemical society, materials scientist Ryan Consell studied which materials could create a similar weapon. he began by looking at standard steel, which is an alloy made mostly of iron, but also includes around 2% of carbon. steel is an alloy made mostly of iron, but also includes around 2% of carbon.
bunny ears, eggs and flowers among the more conservative adornments. one woman wore a large ship with blue sails on her head, while another sported an elaborate diorama based on the policies of mayor de Blasio. Jews, Hindus, agnostics and atheists joined the masses for a walk.
the Ohio Department of Heath released birth records for people born between January 1, 1964, and September 18, 1996, last month. la-Sonya Mitchell-Clark, 38, of Youngstown, found out her birth mother worked at the same call-center operation company she works at. she reached out to friends on social media who knew Simmons and the next day she got a phone call from her birth mother.
researchers at the natural history museum in london and university college london have found evidence that prehistoric humans lived in a cave 14,700 years ago. they found tooth marks on many of the bones, which were discovered in the cave during excavations between 1880 and 1992. findings suggest people living in the late Ice Age indulged in ritual cannibalism, perhaps as a macabre way to revere their dead relatives.
Jean Sharon Abbott, 38, from Plymouth, Minnesota, was told she had spastic diplegia, a form of cerebral palsy, when she was four-years-old. but after three decades of suffering from muscle spasms, weakness, near immobility, as well as undergoing painful surgical procedures, she learned at the age of 33 that she actually had dopa-responsive dystonia (DRD), a rare, yet treatable, muscle disorder. she said that there 'p
a wicked mistake by BU's goalie allowed the Friars to tie in the third period. the game ended 4-3 and was played at the TD Garden in Boston. BU's matt o'Connor's own-goal turned his team's 3-2 lead into a 3-3 tie. a few minutes later, Brandon Tanev scored with 6:17 remaining.
a 48-year-old man has been charged with more than 100 domestic violence-related offences. offences include rape,'solicit to murder' and assault against his wife. each of the offences allegedly committed by the man had been directed towards the same woman over the last 18 years. he was remanded in custody and will reappear in court on June 10.
three guards - Paul Slough, Evan Liberty and Dustin Heard - were each sentenced to 30 years and one day in prison for charges that included manslaughter, attempted manslaughter and using firearms while committing a felony. three of the guards, Dustin Heard, Evan Liberty and Paul Slough, face mandatory decades-long sentences because of firearms convictions. a fourth, Nicholas Slatten, faces a penalty of life in prison after being found guilty
the play was presented by theatre impresario Lewis Theobald in the 18th century. he claimed it was a re-working of an original by the bard and had three original texts. but a new study of its language'strongly identifies' the legendary playwright as the true author.
councillor and former nightclub owner stabbed wife of ten years eight times. she suffered life-threatening injuries after being knifed in the torso, chest, arms and back.
Aaronessa Keaton of Phoenix, Arizona was eight months pregnant and had marijuana and Benzodiazepines in her system when she collided head-on with a car carrying two children in february 2014. one of the children later died from their injuries. when told of this after her arrest, Keaton, 24, said; 'Sh*t happens' she was also on probation for marijuana possession charges at the time.
the pair met on Instagram after Ali liked one of his girlfriend's pictures. they have been dating for two years and have large followings on social media. Ali, 26, helped to teach his girlfriend how to train hard and eat clean. he said: 'i saw that Ali looked at his body a completely different way than I did'
a note was left on the windscreen of a car in cammeray, a wealthy north shore suburb. it read: 'if you can't afford to park in the CBD don't come here!! Get out of your cars stop clogging up the roads and annoying local residents' a local woman did not agree with the tone of the note, but said it was a real issue.
Josh Darnbrough, 24, awoke to find his friend had tattooed his back. his mate, also 24, inked the words 'if found face down call an ambulance' using a DIY kit. prank was in revenge for a tattoo he did on his partner's leg two years ago. but the prank hasn't harmed the pair's friendship and they still see each other.
lack of bacteria in the gut means we are less equipped to deal with germs. this means our bodies often overreact when we come into contact with bugs, dust or pollen. study bolsters theory that modern obsession with hygiene and cleanliness has driven a boom in allergies and health problems.
police in Maryland have issued a warrant for the arrest of karate instructor Alexander soumbadze. the 26-year-old has been charged with eight counts of possessing child pornography. police recovered videos showing the martial arts teacher inappropriately touching and engaging in sexual acts with adolescent males.
report suggests carbon dioxide produced by burning fossil fuels could be captured and used to produce the fizz in Cola. many nations are looking into carbon capture and storage (CCS) technologies as a way to cut their greenhouse house emissions. the technology has the potential to reduce the emissions of a typical coal-power plant by up to 90 per cent. but there are concerns over storing such huge amounts of carbon underground.
the direct marketing commission will probe two firms over claims they breached the rules on the sale of private data. B2C Data sold financial data of 15,000 people including details about their pension pots, incomes and investments. the second firm – Data Bubble – supplied our team with health details on 3,000 patients.
he said the two parties were pretending to'slug it out' ahead of next month's poll. but he insisted they were both working to ramp up spending regardless of deficit. 'we meet here in the middle of a massive political fight,' he said.
long island cardiologist Anthony J. Moschetto allegedly used drugs, guns and blank prescriptions as currency while trying to have the other doctor hurt or killed. he allegedly hired two men to set fire to the man's office; it happened beneath a sprinkler and damage was minimal. investigators who went to moschetto's home in Sands Point on Long Island's gold coast - one of the nation's wealthiest areas - found a weapons cache in a secret room
father-of-two was left devastated after marriage to his first Gambian wife broke down. he then remarried, but his second wife turned out to be a serial bigamist. he conned him out of £24,000 of his retirement money and left him close to bankruptcy. determined not to let experiences put him off, he is now dating a third Gambian woman.
queen spent her holidays at the beach at Osborne House on the island of wight. she would take to the sea in her wooden bathing machine. but her journeys there were never easy - she would travel by train and ferry. in 1875, a station was built at Whippingham, the closest point on the line to the royal residence.
Larry Kramer, 79, says he believes what's written in his history book is true though he is selling it as fiction to avoid legal troubles. in Volume One of his two part book 'The American People,' Kramer says that Abraham Lincoln was gay and his killer John Wilkes Booth was actually Lincoln's spurned gay lover.
Ben Sunderman, 19, who has Down syndrome, ticked a goal off his list of things to do before turning 21 that was captured on video. he reads the letter and his mom eagerly interrupts asking if he got it which he quiets her by putting up his hand. once he finishes reading it, he puts it down and freezes with shock as he takes in the news. he then looks at his parents and shouts 'i got a job!'
Elspeth McKendrick, 16, was diagnosed with Asperger's syndrome in 2012. she had built up a small circle of friends but was'very much in denial' about condition. her parents said she was 'happy to be odd and eccentric' but'very much in denial' she was found hanged in her bedroom last august after leaving a note apologising to her family and telling how she wished she could open up to friends.
the site has launched to mark the 81st anniversary of the 'Surgeon's Photograph' - an image of the mythical monster from 1934. it lets people virtually explore both above and beneath the water of the attraction to the southwest of Inverness. the tech giant has also released a Google Doodle to commemorate the anniversary and changed the yellow pegman to a Nessie peg-monster.
police were called after Kenneth Crowder, 41, was spotted running naked through a neighborhood calling himself God. he was also spotted committing an undisclosed sex act on a tree. when police arrived on scene, he had put on jeans and a T-shirt and walked toward the officer in an aggressive manner as he called himself God. a police officer shocked him with a Taser twice, but each time he pulled the probes out of his body and attempted
'skinnier' model Laura Wells has revealed the extreme dieting measures taken by her model room mates to prepare for fashion week. the size 14 beauty lived with a group of standard'skinnier' models and says their agents told them to stick to a diet of 'one cracker and a couple of glasses of water'. wells' comments come days after France banned excessively thin models from participating in Paris fashion week.
eleven dentists were paid between £400,000 and £500,000. 177 received more than £200,000. more than 1,600 pocketed £100,000-£200,000.
prince Abdul Malik, 31, wed dayangku Raabi'atul 'Adawiyyah Pengiran Haji Bolkiah, 22, in a spectacular ceremony at the monarch's 1,788-room palace. the newlyweds' matching gold outfits were both embellished with diamonds, while blushing bride Raabi'atul carried a bouquet made of dazzling gems. the prince is the youngest child of the Sultan, Hassanal Bolkiah, and his
the first meeting of the season between the two teams lasted nearly seven hours - becoming the longest game in team history. the game was interrupted by a power outage for 16 minutes in the 12th. fans used their cell phones to point at the field to help with the lack of light.
Maureen Anne Horstman, 67, and her 26-year-old daughter Tamara Alexandra Horstman were bludgeoned with a hammer and stabbed to death with scissors in their own home. lesley Jonathon Cameron was 19 at the time and described himself as a 'walking time bomb' he also raped Tamara but it is not known if she was alive or dead. a used condom with DNA evidence was found after the
game is based on children's favourite Whack-a-mole. instead of hitting the mole with a mallet players are invited to throw food. if player misses the girl, she starts to lose weight until she dies. game's designers say: 'anyone can be a hero, if he is willing to help others from the bottom of his heart. start saving the day now!'
airline rivals reignited feud by posting tweets concerning their operation at Dublin airport. Ryanair shared a cheeky promotional photo in terminal 2 - where Aer Lingus fly out from. but without directly responding to the tweet, Aer Lingus responded in fine form.
police across Malawi have been ordered to shoot anyone caught attacking albinos. in nearby Burundi, albino youngsters are being housed in special accommodation under army protection in a bid to deter attackers. body parts of those with albinism prized in black magic and witchcraft.
Irina, 29, split from her partner of five years, footballer Christiano Ronaldo, in January, saying she felt 'ugly standing next to the wrong man' she has teamed the retro-inspired sunglasses collection with a plunging metallic swimsuit which shows off her fabulous figure.
pictures show a young bear being chained to a tree and attacked by dogs as part of a baiting competition to hone hunting skills. the contest, held in the forests of the diamond-rich Sakha republic, is celebrated in the region as a way of recognising the best canine bear hunter.
pamela Clothier was admitted to hospital forcing her to leave her bungalow. the 92-year-old's family were under the impression she planned to sell the house. she allowed charity Age UK to clear it out and her dog was re-homed. the great-grandmother has criticised the charity and her family.
latest figures show that there are 2million more people in work than in 2010. tories have promised to create another 2million by 2020.
Brett Matthew Paul Thomas, now 56, and his friend, mark Titch, were convicted in 1977 after committing the murders during robbery or burglary attempts. they abducted Laura Stoughton, 20, and drove to an abandoned field, where Titch shot her at close range with a stolen.22-caliber rifle. three days later, they killed Ephraim Jacob Christian, 35, during a botched robbery at rockview dairy. five days after that, they
australia's Deputy Prime Minister Warren Truss announces search area. 'we're very confident we're searching in the right area,' he says. the expanded search will 'cover the entire highest probability area'. the plane vanished off australia's west coast last year with 239 people on board.
callum will run eight marathons in each of australia's eight states and territories. the 21-year-old is raising funds for not-for-profit organisation HeartKids Australia. he is inspired by his friend, malachy, who died from heart disease in 2013.
'it was truly a great honour meeting the President of United States of America,' he wrote on his Instagram account on friday. he was speaking at a town hall meeting with young leaders at the university of the west indies in Kingston. he also gave a special mention to triple-world champion, shelly-Ann Fraser-Pryce.
mark reckless faces uphill battle to hold on to 2,920 majority in Rochester and Strood. revelation comes after a poll showed he trailed the tories in his target seat of Thanet south.
'I really feel that you need to tone it down a little bit,' said kindergarten teacher Cheryl Meyer, 'if you want to become president of the united states' 'there are always going to be differences of opinion in style,' he said before explaining, to applause, that he doesn't believe public figures must answer politely.
Danielle Davis says she looked to her faith when she was faced with the prospect of losing her husband of just seven months in 2011. she refused to give up and took him into her full time care as he was still bedridden and hooked to a feeding tube. 'i didn't think that it was too big for God,' she said in an interview at the couple's Georgetown home Tuesday.
Omar Hussain, 27, from high Wycombe, first came to prominence when he appeared in a propaganda video, urging the west to send troops to fight ISIS. now the fighter has been promoting himself as an amateur Islamic thinker, regularly attempting to write about daily issues faced by jihadists. he encourages fighters not to be disheartened by the other fighters who get married via social media.
fireman Xu weiguo climbed out on to the concrete ledge to grab suicidal woman's arm. she was attempting to throw herself off the ledge of a 10-storey building in china. police had failed to convince her to climb back into a nearby apartment. she became more agitated and lowered herself on to the edge of the ledge. a colleague clambered out on to the ledge to help to haul her back to safety. she was
dress caught the attention of google executive, Eric Schmidt. he revealed that it was his inspiration for creating google images. dress is one of the few articles of specific clothing to be honoured.
underwear model and animal rights activist from los angeles gave birth to healthy baby boy on Tuesday afternoon. baby James weighed in at eight pounds, seven ounces and was 22 inches long.
man, believed to be mentally disturbed, was caught on video trying to enter restricted area but refusing to abide by security protocol. police in canada have said the man was told he would not be allowed to board a Turkish Airlines flight. he was carrying a black briefcase which he can clearly be seen holding on to tightly with both hands when he was hit. a loud cry of pain can clearly be heard when the man is Tasered and brought to the ground by airport staff.
residents in the northern city of Aershan feared the end was nigh when the heavens opened and out of the sky fell... mud-like residue. no one is quite sure what caused the bizarre red sky.
created by artist Paul Erard in the Swiss city of la Chaux-de-Fonds, the petite pistol measures just two inches long. fires purpose-made bullets just 2.34mm in diameter - making them the smallest bullets ever invented. holds the Guinness world record for the smallest working revolver, and the bullets it fires are designed specifically for it by former watchmaker.
scientists detected complex organic molecules in a disk of gas around an infant star 455 light years away where planets are likely to be forming. discovery is a boost for finding alien organisms and suggests the conditions that spawned life on Earth are not unique to our solar system. experts believe comets and asteroids seeded the young Earth with water and organic molecules to set the stage for life to evolve.
locals discovered the dead pair in separate metal trunks in a public park in Haryana state, around 30 miles south of new Delhi. police said the man's legs had been chopped off and put inside the trunk. his partner was found wearing a set of glass bangles traditionally worn by newlywed women.
Dame mirren says she was in her prime age-wise in the 'unfortunate' 1970s. says it was worse than the 'f****** 1940s or 1950s' and 'horrible'. the 69-year-old actress has won countless accolades for her talents.
the preacher and civil rights campaigner said a report claiming he was banner from the funeral of police shooting victim Walter Scott is 'bogus' he said he will attend a vigil in north Charleston, south carolina, the day after the funeral.
cremated bone was discovered during excavations in landford, essex. it is thought to date back to 5,600 BC and was placed into a pit. three radiocarbon dates, two from bone fragments and one from charcoal, have confirmed the remains are around 7,614 years old. pit shows ancient people understood how to create a pyre that was hot enough - at over 600 °C - to completely burn a corpse and appeared to respect the dead.
the Random Darknet Shopper purchased a number of items for sale on the deep web. items included trainers, jeans, a set of masterkeys and a DVD case containing 10 ecstasy tablets. the dark net is a subsection of the internet that does not show up in searches or on social media.
braylon Robinson was playing at a house in Cleveland, ohio, on sunday night. another three-year-old boy found the unattended gun and pulled the trigger. bullet struck the one-year-old in the face and he was later pronounced dead. now, investigators are trying to determine where the gun came from. it is unclear whether the infant was related to the older boy.
the pilot, a florida postal worker, was arrested and charged with operating an unregistered aircraft and violating national airspace. he was released on his own recognizance and instructed to check in weekly with authorities in Tampa starting next week. lawmakers said the incident exposed a gap in security, especially amid revelations that the pilot was interviewed by the secret service almost two years ago.
defence minister Kevin Andrews was unable to name the leader of the Islamic State. he was appearing on the 7.30 program on the same day the federal government announced they would be sending more than 300 troops to Iraq. 'can you name the leader of IS?' he asked host leigh sales.
police have arrested a 26-year-old man on suspicion of murders of his mother and sister. mother, 57, and sister, 27, were found dead half a mile apart in bootle, merseyside. mother, 57, died of asphyxiation, while daughter, 27, was repeatedly stabbed. family of Bernadette and Sarah say they are 'absolutely devastated' at their loss.
researchers examining the site where a series of tracks left by a barefooted early human in Ileret, northwest Kenya, have now found a total of 99 prints. they believe they belong to groups who all passed over the soft mud at the same time - perhaps even stalking some of the other animals whose prints are also preserved in the mud.
images show sandstorm sweeping across Saudi Arabia, Oman and the united arab emirates. it reached as far east as India and Pakistan over a period of seven days. more than 450 flights were cancelled between Wednesday and friday.
tens of thousands of australians are reportedly accessing foreign content via virtual private network (VPN) technology. it alters their IP address to bluff their way around geographic restrictions. HBO has warned internet users, who are watching popular TV shows such as Games of Thrones, The Sopranos and Girls, via email that they will deactivate unsuspected accounts on April 21.
this is according to Sean Raymond, an astrophysicist with the Laboratoire d'Astrophysique de Bordeaux in France. a planet needs to keep warm for liquid water to form, and without the sun, this heat would have to come from its interior.
Heather Hironimus, who fled with her 4-year-old son to keep his circumcision from going forward, has filed a civil rights lawsuit on behalf of the boy. the complaint is repeating her claims that surgery on her son isn't necessary, that the boy doesn't want it, and that his constitutional rights are being violated. Hironimus and the boy's father, Dennis Nebus, have been warring since her pregnancy.
underweight people are a third more likely to be diagnosed with diseases such as Alzheimer's than those of a healthy weight. obese people appear to be protected against dementia, with a risk around 30 per cent lower than those of healthy weight. study author, Professor Stuart Pocock, said doctors and policymakers may have to re-think how to best identify those at high risk of dementia.
corporal Christian Walmsley was found dead in his flat in bolton, gmc. he had served in the first Gulf War, Bosnia, Angola and northern ireland. the 42-year-old had witnessed'significant violence only soldiers experience' he was diagnosed with post-traumatic stress disorder, depression and fibromyalgia. inquest heard he had previously taken an overdose and told his family he had tried to take his own life.
the prime minister and his wife posed for selfies at the temple. they joined a parade carrying the Sikh holy book to the temple. it comes just a day after he attended one of the largest gatherings of Christians in the uk.
the 33-year-old is vying for a place on Team GB at the Rio Olympics. she was'surprised' by how her fitness dropped after the birth of her daughter. the queen's granddaughter has committed to a strict exercise and diet regime.
the mountain lion, known as P-22, left the los Feliz home in the early hours of Tuesday morning. he was found by an unsuspecting alarm technician in the crawl space at midday on monday. welfare officers tried to fire a tennis ball cannon into the crawl space to scare him out - a tactic that often works with coyotes. they then fired bean bags, the same kind police sometimes use for crowd control, toward the cat.
study was spawned by mass shooting in Aurora, Colorado, in 2012. 12 people were killed and 70 injured during midnight screening of the show. legal proceedings alone cost $5.5 million before trial of shooter started. investigation subsequently expanded to account for all victims of gun-related violence in the us.
would-be fighters are bringing items across the border as they travel to join those currently waging jihadi across Syria and Iraq. but the hypocrisy in their choice of diet has not gone unnoticed, with twitter users quick to condemn their craving for food many hard line clerics would consider forbidden.
the 44-year-old wore a frown as she left her new york apartment. on her morning show she said: 'he was such a great man... he was just a great person, a great friend, he will be missed - I cannot tell you how much I will miss him'
number of fake tan bottles sold in 2014 fell by nearly a quarter from last year. artificial tanning products were hardest hit sub-sector of sun care market. but even the TOWIE crew admit the look can easily go wrong.
kingsley burrell, 29, was taken into custody after calling police to say he was being threatened with a gun while out shopping in the centre of britain. he was sectioned under the mental health act, and died four days later at the queen Elizabeth hospital. inquest heard he was handcuffed for six hours, wet himself after being denied access to a toilet and was repeatedly punched by officers.
peggy Siegal said the voting panel objected to having a British director paint their country in a bad light. she said the Academy did not want such a dark message about the US to be'sent around the world' the emails also reveal that a Hollywood blockbuster of Dr Who is in the works - but not for a few years.
the protein promotes the production of immune cells called cytotoxic T-cells. they have the ability to detect cancerous cells, hunt them down, and destroy them. in a chance discovery in mice, it was found that a previously unknown protein - named the lymphocyte expansion molecule or LEM - dramatically boosted the body’s number of T-cells.
a woman named Michelle, 32, said the white van drove through a red light at about 2:30 p.m. on Tuesday and almost hit her vehicle. she said she followed the man and taped him after he swerved in and out of traffic while speeding on a stretch of road that has two school crossings. when she pulled up next to the man, he threw the bottle at her car. further down the road, she said, the driver got out of his van in
beatrice tollman made most recent donation of £20,000 to the conservatives. she has previously been charged with conspiracy to evade millions of dollars in tax before the charges were dismissed by a judge. her husband Stanley tollman pleaded guilty to tax evasion in 2008.
the father of Dave Brockie, the late frontman of the eccentric heavy metal band GWAR, has sued the group claiming they have stolen his son's ashes, guitars and artwork. the lawsuit alleges that the surviving members of GWAR hauled the loot to the headquarters of their management company, Slave Pit Inc, and locked it in an office. when William Brockie arrived demanding to have his son's cremains back, GWAR members refused to let him inside
the 67-year-old has become a much-loved member of the royal family. she is adored by her step-sons and close to her mother-in-law, the queen. her success is due to her charm - onlookers are impressed by her approachability.
detectives believe three-year-old was abducted by paedophile ring when he disappeared from his grandmother's house in september. homicide squad and sex crime squad are 'vigorously perusing' line of inquiry. news comes as parents of missing toddler beg for his return in heart-wrenching video made seven months after he vanished. 'just give him back... take him to a church, take him to a police station, take him to
prime minister hailed the work of the Church and condemned persecution of Christians following the massacre in Kenya. he criticised bishops for a controversial election letter calling for a 'fresh moral vision of the kind of country we want to be' the archbishop of Canterbury condemned welfare reforms as part of a series of interventions by church leaders.
german photographer Dieter Klein travelled the world to find vintage cars left to crumble in leafy forests and fields. he came across a range of mysterious graveyards hosting all sorts of vehicles, including a rare Jaguar XK120. many of the cars, often with doors, tires or windows missing, are parked on forest floors where nature has taken them over.
descendants of eight ANZAC veterans have shown off their relatives' wartime medals and photographs in a moving commemorative photo series. amongst the keepsakes held by the relatives are letters sent by soldiers informing their loved ones of their discharge from the Australian Imperial Force. the soldiers' medals remain glistening inside their descendants' homes after a century of being treasured.
last month's average temperature of 56.4°F (13.6°C) was the hottest March on record, averaging 1.5°F (0.85°C) above the average for the 20th century. this was the highest for March in the 1880–2015 record, surpassing the previous record of 2010 by 0.09°F (0.05°C) scientists blame the heat on El Nio and climate change.
jameela spent £3,000 on having all her amalgam fillings removed and replaced with white fillings. the 29-year-old broadcaster is convinced her teeth triggered a host of health problems that plagued her for nearly seven years.'my head felt heavy and I was permanently exhausted,' she says.
priest Shinjiro Kumagai is a'mild mannered' clergyman at a local Buddhist temple in kitakyushu, southwest japan. but after the days work is done, he dresses up as iconic Japanese sci-fi TV hero Kamen Rider 1 and patrols the streets on his motorbike. images depict him riding around Kitakyushu in full Kamen Rider gear - which makes him appear like a giant grasshopper.
the bridesmaids star and daughter of famed australian actor Barry Otto have launched their very own all female film production company. byrne believes it's about time they become strong, female leaders in film. she believes sheryl sandberg is a pioneer for women.
Kyle Major, 14, punched father-of-two after wishing him a happy new year. he followed his victim and felled him from behind with a single punch. Paul Walker, 52, was unconscious before his chin hit the ground and died. he was found face down in a pool of blood by a passerby on new year's day. major pleaded guilty to manslaughter and ordered to be detained for three years.
solar power in the uk has more than doubled in the past year. in the us it has grown by 30 per cent - but many current systems fail to solve the problem of how energy is managed and used overnight. Traditionally, energy gathered during the day is sent back to the grid. but this can prove costly if you need to buy it back - unless you have a smart battery that stores the excess energy. Sonnenspeicher uses a lithium iron phosphate battery to store energy harnessed by
the Park Hyatt New York recently hired first lady Michelle Obama's favourite designer, Narcisco Rodriguez, to re-design the staff's uniforms. the Shangri La Hotel in Toronto opted for local designer, Sunny Fong, when overhauling their lobby lounge dresses and champagne room uniforms.
four-year-old Gavin Tobeck was mauled by his family's newly adopted pit bull. he needed sections of a rib to repair his eye sockets after the attack. the boy also lost five baby teeth and three permanent tooth buds. his mom, 29-year-old Alissa Evans' friend threw hot coffee on the dog. after six days at Harborview medical center, he was released late on Tuesday.
the wife of a Florida postal worker who landed a gyrocopter on the west lawn of the U.S. Capitol to protest campaign finance laws says her husband is a patriot. 61-year-old Doug Hughes was promptly arrested for the stunt and charged with violating restricted airspace and operating an unregistered aircraft. the mailman has received support on both Facebook and twitter for the stunt.
after a stressful day of moving house, Annah Sophia Stevenson decided to get takeaway from Blenheim McDonald's for herself and her three-year-old son. the cosmetic artist, from new zealand, found that after taking three bites of her burger something was not right and then pulled a half eaten cockroach out of her mouth. after rushing to the bathroom to vomit, the mother of one brushed her teeth only to find a piece of black shell lodged between her teeth
the men were part of a group of five divers from the east coast and San Francisco. they rented a house on Caspar Cove 160 miles north of San Francisco to hunt for abalone, a rare and expensive mollusk that is prized as a delicacy. the accident is the deadliest single incident involving abalone divers in recent memory.
model, 19, claims to have eaten placenta, gone on fasts and put her body through many detoxes in her quest to stay young. 'to prevent that from happening i must do whatever it takes,' she says.
goa has 11 hours of sunshine a day at this time of year. it retains some of its European flavour, a leftover from its days as a Portuguese colony.
Chamali Fernando, candidate for Cambridge, was speaking at hustings event. said wearing wristbands indicating condition would help doctors, lawyers and police officers. 'the way they behave often affects the way they are treated,' she said. suggestion slammed by Deputy pm, who said:'silly ideas would only increase discrimination and stigma around mental health, rather than end it'
green Lamborghini and red Ferrari are worth a combined total of £1.3million. both drivers have been charged with dangerous driving and detained. a female passenger in the lamborghini suffered non-life threatening injuries. crash occurred two hours before 'fast and furious 7' broke midnight record.
flight 448 from Seattle to los angeles was forced to turn around and return to Seattle-Tacoma international airport on monday. passengers heard banging and pleas for help coming from the cargo section of the jet. it was later revealed that the unnamed employee of airline contractor menzies Aviation had dozed off inside the plane at the end of his shift and only awakened when it was in the air, about 14 minutes into the flight.
the 42-year-old woman from Laguna Niguel, California, was last seen in September 2011 when she arrived in Panama with retired marine Brian Karl Brimager. her skeletal remains were discovered in a jungle in the island province of Bocas del Toro in august 2013. he has been in custody since June 2013 on charges including obstruction of justice and falsifying records related to the investigation.
a further 20 million will be unable to get a doctor's appointment within a week if the tories are re-elected. shadow chancellor said the NHS 'cannot survive' another five years of the tories in government. he said there had been a 'dramatic decline in standards' in the NHS.
Viv Nicholson, 79, became rich overnight when she scooped £152,319 in 1961. win, on a football betting pool, would be worth up to £5million in today's money. the pair splurged the cash on flash cars, designer clothes, holidays and partying. tragedy struck when husband died at wheel of his blue Jaguar in 1965. she managed to reclaim some of the money after lengthy legal battle. but lost it all again from poor investments on stock market
the unwitting admission from five-year-old Daniel came as the labour leader again wheeled out his children for the cameras. it is the fourth time they have appeared on screen during the campaign - once for a BBC profile, again for an interview on ITV's good morning. but the move somewhat backfires as his eldest son tells the camera the spartan kitchen is the 'best' in the £2.7million home.
players of the online game are tasked with escaping their war-torn country. they choose a male or female character before attempting to flee via turkey or egypt. players choose whether to travel by land or sea as they make difficult decisions about whether to travel by land or sea. grim outcomes include refugees being beaten over the head and hurled into the Mediterranean.
the city of florida police department confirmed that Dr Brandt's death on Sunday was a suicide by hanging. an autopsy was scheduled on Monday, the coroner confirmed. the 65-year-old cosmetic surgeon was reportedly 'devastated' by rumors comparing him to a character on the Netflix show, unbreakable Kimmy Schmidt.
government yesterday unveiled final calculation for war reparations stemming from occupation by the Third Reich. radical left Syriza party says Germany owes Greece nearly 279billion euros, or £204billion to compensate it for looting and war crimes. demand comes just days before Greece is obliged to pay 450million euros of its debt to the international monetary fund.
underwear model and animal rights activist, 30, gave birth to baby boy this week. he was born at a healthy eight pounds and seven ounces.
in the spring, the shops are full of new season clothes that are just waiting for a sunny day but still unsuitable for the ever-changing weather. but there are still plenty of crafty ways to keep your wardrobe current. all you need is a pair of pliers, a glue gun and some scissors.
the 10in-tall, half-kilogram burger is the creation of chef Sam Longhurst. he devised the mega meal after being challenged by diners to create a burger containing three different meats. it contains two beef burgers, homemade bacon jam, 100g of ham chunks, a whole chicken thigh, barbequed pulled pork and bacon rashers.
the prince arrived in the tiny township of Wuggubun in western australia. he took an hour-long break during a training exercise with a Norforce unit. the prince is on a month-long secondment to the australian defence force.
singer-songwriter's 16-page collection is expected to fetch up to $1.5million (£1,006,303) it includes a deleted verse, which was crossed out and never recorded. it includes the lines 'i dropped to my knees and there I prayed' and 'i dropped to my knees and there I prayed' the song was released in 1971 and was a no. 1 hit for four weeks in 1972.
two french backpackers set alight an australian quokka on Rottnest island. they used a deodorant can and lighter to torch the defenseless creature. the quokka is a small wallaby and resembles a diminutive version of the kangaroo. both men were fined $4000 and will be held behind bars for seven days.
brothers, both in their twenties, fell seriously ill earlier this month after smoking synthetic marijuana in their hometown of McComb, Mississippi. collapsed after suffering hallucinations, vomiting, night sweats and violent shaking, and had to be put on life support. they are now facing serious - and in brother's case, permanent - medical issues. mother, Karen, has appealed to others not to smoke drug, which has wrecked sons' bodies and left youngest, Jeff, with permanent kidney
the two-page booklet details President Barack Obama's expanded Deferred Action for Childhood Arrivals (DACA) and Deferred Action for parents of Americans and lawful permanent residents (DAPA) policies. the informational pamphlet includes a bilingual card that some are calling a 'get out of deportation free card'
the #grannyhair trend is still going strong for women the world over. but it seems men will always hold the crown for rocking the grey look. this week, Victoria posted a picture of her husband sporting some grey hairs.
critics say it is 'ludicrous' that such items are being handed out when the NHS is rationing routine treatments. prompted concern that patients are abusing the system by demanding prescriptions for household essentials.
teenager from central china has been labelled 'too beautiful to look at' she has 400,000 followers on her weibo account - a hybrid of twitter and facebook. she reportedly underwent the procedures to win over an ex boyfriend.
police have reopened their investigation into the suspicious death of his first wife, Lynn Rishell, some 20 years earlier. in both cases Henthorn was named as the sole beneficiary in a string of lucrative life insurance policies totaling $500,000 on the death of his first wife and $4.5million on the death of his second. his sister-in-law, Grace Rishell, said that the FBI told her about a secret $400,000 life insurance policy Henthorn had taken out on her. 'he profits, not my
the fast-casual chain removed carnitas pork burritos from roughly a third of its locations in January. but it still doesn't have a stable supply of the meat. fewer than five per cent of pigs in the us are raised in a way that meets Chipotle's strict standards.
crazed husband smashed wife's head into concrete paving 11 times. he then shot her in the face five times at pointblank range. he later confessed he'd carried out the brutal act 'because he was jealous of men looking at her'
a 4-foot-high, 100-pound sculpted bust of the infamous NSA whistle-blower was sneaked into Brooklyn's Fort greene park in the pre-dawn hours Monday. the activists hoisted the unsanctioned bust to the top of a Revolutionary War memorial and secured it with an adhesive material, adding his name to a column. the activists allowed it to document installation of the statue on the condition that it not reveal the identities of the artists
Sharista Giles of Sweetwater, tennessee was five months pregnant when she went into a coma. a month later, doctors were forced to deliver her son, who the family refers to as Baby L, who she saw for the first time on tuesday. the 20-year-old was driving home from a concert in december when a car accident sent her to the hospital with injuries so bad they believed she would never recover.
today is the 150th anniversary of the surrender of Confederate Gen. Robert E. Lee to Union Lt. Gen. Ulysses S. Grant in Appomattox, Virginia. a reenactment of Lee's last clash with Grant's troops and of the Confederate surrender in a Virginia farmhouse on April 9, 1865. in April 1865, however, the troops weren't as calm. Lee's forces were in a state of growing disarray in the hours before
Luigi Costa, 71, is accused of stomping on his elderly neighbour's head, cutting his throat and stabbing him multiple times in the dining room of his home in red hill, Canberra in 2012. forensic psychiatrist Professor Paul Mullen examined Costa after the attack and believes there was evidence of the accused's state of mind declining.
four orange signs each bearing a white heart and the word 'boston' were placed at the site. they were mounted on poles wrapped in blue and yellow flowers, the marathon's colors. the family of eight-year-old Martin Richard, the youngest victim to lose his life in the attack, helped unwrap one of the flags. also at the ceremony was Jeff Bauman, who lost both legs in the bombings.
a 15-year-old girl plunged 19 storeys to her death in an apparent suicide. her father, 57, was arrested after she was charged with wilful neglect. he was also arrested on suspicion of 'ill treatment' after it emerged her birth, and that of her 14-year-old sister, had not been registered. he has not been charged and is currently on bail.
education secretary has ordered officials to start'mapping pressures' on schools. comes less than six months after she said it was not 'helpful' to warn schools are struggling to cope with an 'influx' of migrants. immigration has played a low-key role in the tory election campaign to date.
Kevin Dixon, 35, took fiend's dog out for a walk to help her out. he then hit the animal seven times with an axe - killing the animal. convicted of causing the dog unnecessary suffering and banned from keeping animals for ten years.
Joshua Vaughan, 17, was last seen standing on a platform at chapeltown, Sheffield. his girlfriend had sent his mother a message on facebook saying he was on a platform. she said he was crying and that 'he was going to end it', an inquest heard. his mother called police but by the time she got to the station, his body had already been found on the line.
a study published last week suggests overweight people are less likely to develop dementia. those who were overweight (with a BMI of 25 to 29) had an 18 per cent lower risk of dementia compared to those with a healthy BMI. the obese (with a BMI of 30 plus) did even better; they were 24 per cent less likely to develop dementia.
brae carnes of Victoria, British Columbia is protesting an amendment to a Canadian transgender rights bill. the amendment would allow business owners to determine if they want to allow transgender individuals to use facilities corresponding with their gender. on top of that, carnes revealed that it is scary to go into a men's public bathroom as a woman.
Scott Kemery, 44, accidentally set himself on fire in the parking lot of the King Kullen supermarket in eastport, new york. he told police that a friend had told him the best way to kill bedbugs was to douse them in alcohol. he then lit a cigarette inside the car, igniting the alchol and setting himself on fire.
a Manhattan real estate publicist and freelance writer has been penning letters to murderers behind bars to find out exactly what makes them tick. six years and 600 prison letters later, Kreth says she's learned that a sociopath is a person 'who wants to feel like the smartest person in the room' she also wrote to Ira Einhorn, a hippie who helped to found earth day.
thief casually approaches a white 4x4 outside a house in north london. within two seconds he opens the door and gets into the driver's seat. just seconds later he manages to start up the engine and reverse the car. the metropolitan police are appealing for information to track down the thief.
Kimberly Waddell Macemore, 25, of Wilkesboro, was sentenced on Tuesday to a total of not less than 12 months nor more than 34 months in prison. the sentence was suspended for 36 months and she was placed on supervised probation. she was also ordered to perform 72 hours of community service, register as a convicted sex offender for the next 30 years and participate in any recommended treatment.
olive Fowler was caught by police at JFK airport on April 12 after taking a Caribbean Airlines flight from her hometown in Guyana, South America, to new york. authorities said they spotted her'sweating profusely' and 'avoiding eye contact with officers' so they pulled her aside to conduct a search. after patting her down in a private room, investigators reportedly felt a 'dense hard material' under her clothes.
pensioner wrote to council complaining about lack of action over fly-tipping. he signed off email with: 'that's why i'll be voting Ukip' Ben Grower, leader of authority's labour group, replied: 'please do not send me further emails as they will be put in my junk mail folder and automatically deleted' formal complaint has been lodged against the 65-year-old and council is investigating.
a facebook page mocking returned australian servicemen and women has sparked outrage on social media. 'The Diggers are Dole Bludgers' has attracted more than 360 likes since the page started in late January. the administrator of the page claims that those in the armed forces are 'being paid with money stolen from the taxpayer to do a job that is unnecessary'
Norwich scientists have developed an adaptor for colour blindness. Eye2TV can be plugged into any HDMI port on a TV or a computer monitor. a remote control or app then adjusts the colour adjustment. it allows colour blind people to watch shows they otherwise couldn't. and the effect is such that someone with normal vision will barely notice any change in the picture.
jericho Scott became an internet star when he was told he couldn't pitch for his Little League team because he had a 40mph fastball at age nine. he was shot dead while sat in a white Volkswagen with a 20-year-old friend, who was shot in the shoulder, hand and wrist but is now in stable condition. the budding star had five no-hitters in the team's first eight games of the season before being told to sit out. when his manager
which? reveals a host of products that have been shrunk. from surf washing powder and cif spray to hovis best of both bread.
Rihanna Cooper, 21, was accepted for gender reassignment at 16. but part way through treatment, stress became too much and she called a halt. she is now working as an escort to fund her dreams of becoming a woman.
white female student, who has not been identified, was captured in a Snapchat photo detailing several'reasons why USC WiFi blows' on the board. her reasons included 'incompetent' professors, 'ratchets', an 'overpopulated campus' and parking. but at the top of the list was the word 'n*****s'. after the shocking image was posted online, the girl, who was a member of the campus's Kappa Delta Chapter sor
the 66-yard strike will go down in history as one of the premier league's greatest ever goals. the striker picked up the ball up deep into his own half and belted it with his reliable left foot. the shot, travelling at 45.1mph, was hit such power that the back-pedaling courtois was unable to deflect the ball away despite getting his fingers to it.
Elizabeth Sedway, 51, is battling multiple myeloma - a rare form of plasma cancer. she posted an emotional video on her facebook page showing her family being kicked off a packed plane. the married mother of two said she was sitting in the handicapped section of a boarding area at Lihue airport on Kauai when an airline representative noticed she had put on a surgical mask to shield herself from germs and came up to her asking if she needed anything. the
former economics editor made headlines last week after it emerged she had been ‘secretly’ dating the labour leader when he first met his wife in 2004. in a brief message on twitter yesterday she said: ‘we “dated” fleetingly in 2004. very costly few weeks it turns out’. miss Flanders accused the media of ‘raking over’ Mr Miliband’s past in the run-up to the election.
the queen was filmed 'jumping out of a plane' during the 2012 olympics. her grandson, prince william, described her as an 'unbelievably good sport' he said:'she did such a good performance that she's been asked to star in the next Bond film'
Kenyatta leal is the first graduate of the last mile, the world's only prison-based tech incubator. the program teaches inmates how to code and build a business for when they are paroled. leal was handed a life sentence in 1994 for unlawfully possessing a firearm after committing a felony.
the male employee and a female accomplice allegedly worked as a team to manipulate the results of a full body scanner at a security check-point in 2014. the male employee would then perform pat downs of the male passenger's front groin and buttocks area with the palms of his hands. despite receiving an employee tip-off to the alleged sexual assaults in November last year, the TSA only investigated in February.
Medics told family of Margaret Hesketh there was little they could do for the 70-year-old because she was riddled with tumours. family claim she was put on discredited Liverpool Care Pathway-style treatment. they claim post-mortem found no sign of cancer in the grandmother-of-six, and that she died of pneumonia while malnourished.
Andrea Dossena has been arrested on suspicion of shoplifting. the 33-year-old was arrested at the store in knightsbridge on tuesday. he scored the winner against real madrid in the champions league.
jade and Ross Morley have welcomed twins into their family. their son Floyd-Henry has a rare form of dwarfism called achondroplasia. he was diagnosed with the condition when he was five months old. he is now a big brother to three-week-old twins.
the figure went up from 16 to 31 per cent among men named Nigel. the study was carried out by yougov's head of political research. the three most likely to vote tory were Charlotte, Fiona and Pauline. those least likely were Sharon, Samantha and Clare without an i.
the royal commission into institutional responses to child sex abuse in rockhampton heard from alleged victims. a woman was gang raped by employees and then had a child at 14 years of age. a third victim claimed she was raped more than 100 times by parish priest Reginald Durham, who is now dead, from when she was 11.
officer Michael Slager, 33, is charged with murder after opening fire on Walter Scott, 50, after reportedly stopping him over a broken tail light in north Charleston, south Carolina, on Saturday. his attorney Andy Savage told CBS that Slager is housed in a room with one small window and does not have any interaction with any other detainees at Charleston County jail. he said that when he met Slager on Wednesday for 60 minutes, it took an hour and 45 minutes to move the north Charleston police officer to
according to a recent poll, nine out of ten people feel stressed if their phone battery run out. there’s even a word for it — ‘nomophobia’, the fear of being without a working mobile. sir James Dyson, inventor of Dyson hoovers, is attempting to solve the problem by investing £10 million in us-based battery experts Sakti3.
Justin Whittington, 23, was arrested on friday in Bakersfield, California, and charged with child cruelty after the video of the alleged abuse surfaced online. but after interviews, his charge was changed from 'cruelty' to 'endangerment' and his bail dropped from $1 million to $20,000. on Saturday, Whittington posted bail and will be released by Sunday morning, with a court date set for April 24.
a Tumblr blog called Conversation Sparks has come to the rescue with hundreds of interesting facts to kickstart a chat. the blog has now been turned into a book called Conversation Sparks: Trivia Worth Talking About.
the incident took place on Friday when the 38-year-old actor was struck by a car while walking in the residential parking garage of the Shangri-La hotel. publicist Leslie Sloane said on Sunday: 'While walking, Ryan was struck by a paparazzi driving a car through an underground parking garage' the actor, who is married to 27-year-old actress Blake Lively, was left uninjured following the incident.
the car, which was carrying 12 passengers, crashed when a blown tire caused the 2006 Ford Expedition to overturn. 38-year-old Uriel Miranda died at the scene and his 2-year-old daughter died Saturday evening at a hospital. eight-year-old Yordi Miranda died Sunday at a hospital.
the USS Independence is resting 800m underwater off California's farallon islands with its hull and deck very well preserved and clearly visible. there also appears to be a plane in the hangar bay of the vessel, scientists with the national oceanic and atmospheric administration (NOAA) said on Thursday. veteran ship even survived an atomic bomb test after being chosen as a 'target vessel' for Operation crossroads on July 1, 1946. after taking part in yet another explosion, it was
the cushioned running tracks were actually designed to celebrate the 2020 Olympics, which will be held in Tokyo. all of the blue lanes lead towards departures, while the red track leads to arrivals. in each lane there are icons, which include information such as the distance to other terminals, directions to nearby restaurants and shops.
police in canada have also charged a former nurse with criminal negligence. it is thought it is the first time a health care professional has been charged for switching off a life support machine in canada. the 50-year-old was arrested on Thursday and will appear in court again on may 29.
the Rensselaer Polytechnic Institute in new york has pushed back its planned screening of the controversial Iraq war film which was set for last Friday. it said it will still show the Oscar-nominated movie but with an educational forum follow-up to allow students to discuss the film. the film was postponed because senior management at the college did not want to create animosity or tension among its students.
the actress turned 25 yesterday. she has already carved a career that many of us can only dream of. here, we chart her 14 years in the spotlight that have made her a global icon.
Tewksbury police department was hit with a form of malware called CryptoLocker. the program infects through an e-mail and then scrambles the data on the computer. the only files that were not corrupted were 18 months old. police were forced to pay the ransom in the untraceable digital currency.
chihuahua Digby was abandoned on the street next to a set of bins. at just over a month old and weighing less than 1lb, he was freezing cold. he was rescued by the RSPCA and taken to a centre in hertfordshire. there he quickly became inseparable from 9st mastiff Nero.
a woman's noisy neighbour has issued a cheeky reply to her hand-written letter complaining about his hard-partying ways. he claims only the deaf and those buried in the cemetery would have any concerns with the noise coming for his home. after a month of not hearing back from any of the boisterous lads, he posted an equally cheeky reply on his facebook page opening with'my dearest Lucy'. 'there's probably people out there that think your crazy
rodgers was fined £400 and £375 costs at blackburn magistrates' court. he left a £69,950 terrace house in Accrington to rot with broken windows and doors and rubbish strewn across the garden. the house is located in an area of Accrington which is undergoing a £13million regeneration project.
Henry Howes narrowly failed to pick up a teddy at his local swimming pool. he put his hand inside the machine's hatch - but when he reached too far, he slipped under the trap door and was stuck inside. it took workers half an hour to free the four-year-old.
the 44-year-old man had just returned from a holiday in Algeria. he wanted to complain about the temperatures he experienced on his trip. the incident was shared by the police press office on its facebook page.
Kim Rose is being investigated by police over claims he tried to influence voters. the 57-year-old put on sandwiches, sausage rolls and teas and coffees for event. he branded police involvement as 'absolutely ridiculous' and 'absolutely ridiculous'.
research analysed DNA from 21,566 men convicted of sex offences. sons and brothers of convicted sex offenders are four to five times more likely to be convicted of sex crimes than men in the general population. genetic material from both parents is passed on, but genetic traits are developed through interaction between genes and the environment.
unt Tun maung, 43, was working as a locum GP when he assaulted the patient. he asked the teen to remove her bra before cupping and squeezing her breasts. after the incident, she texted a friend to say she felt she had been sexually abused. when she visited another doctor a few months later with another chest infection, she panicked while being examined.
there are plenty of DIY'solutions' to keep a bouquet fresh. but most of these things can actually damage delicate flowers. a professional florist can pull these tricks off for you.
Michael Munday has taken to social media to post love notes dedicated to the love of his life, Melissa. he has posted 135 tweets about his ex-girlfriend and has about 23k followers. but some users were not entirely convinced by his plea for help, describing his messages as 'creepy and inappropriate'
the reality star took her family to Jerusalem's old city on monday to visit the site of Jesus Christ's crucifixion.
american band are inspired by a feminist who described pregnancy as 'barbaric' their songs feature violent imagery that bemoans 'boys and all the work they require'
when Sonia Morales was pregnant, her daughter Angela was diagnosed with anencephaly, a birth defect in which babies are born without parts of their brain and skull. after her birth, doctors told the family it was a critical period, but a week later they were thrilled to bring her home. the family have been celebrating every day with Angela since as they know life could be short for their sick daughter.
police are investigating whether woman lied about being related to victim. she allegedly flew to southern french Alps twice after falsely claiming to be one of the deceased teacher's cousins. the alleged culprit will be questioned, police spokesman says. airbus a320 crashed in the french Alps on march 24 killing all 150 people on board.
former education secretary said he could not rule out further cuts to child benefit. asked if he could confirm there would be 'no more changes to child benefit' he said the tories would not cut benefits for the disabled or pensioners.
jared Quirk, 18, was in Athens with classmates from rockland,. Massachusetts, to see the ancient world. but he fell to the ground while walking through the city with friends, for reasons which are not yet clear. he was taken to a hospital in the Greek capital by ambulance.
memo from firm's retail chief said customers won't be able to buy watch in store 'through the month of May' due to 'high global interest combined with our initial supply' it was expected to launch on 24 April.
the video was captured at Whipsnade Zoo near Dunstable, Bedfordshire. it shows six elephants walking along a path - five of which walk in single file. the baby elephant manages to break the elephant chain with its back.
the 918 Spyder rockets down a dead-straight stretch of unrestricted road in the outback. it is driven by a petrol-electric hybrid system which can accelerate from 60km/h to its 350km/h top speed in a mere 40 seconds.
16-year-old filmed meowing in distress as he threw kitten against door. he was high on super-strength cannabis and was being egged on by friends. he admitted two counts of causing unnecessary suffering. was given nine-month referral order and banned from keeping animals.
local journalist Nedzib Vucelj noticed the phenomenon when his wife gave birth to twins during the 1992-95 civil war. he went to his neigbours seeking to borrow a buggy to carry the babies, only to discover they had given it to a third family who also had multiple babies. local politicians want an annual twin festival for people such as Dzenisa and Merisa Kaukovic.
up to 120,000 britons have laser eye surgery each year. almost one in 20 suffer some sort of complication.
Mohammed Khubaib, originally from Pakistan, befriended girls and then 'hooked' them with alcohol - normally vodka - in an attempt to make them 'compliant' to sexual advances. the 43-year-old would pursue his interest 'away from his home and family', using his restaurant as a 'focal point' he was convicted of the charges against him by a jury at the old Bailey in five hours.
veteran CBS News moderator Bob Schieffer announced Tuesday at the Texas journalism school named for him that he'll be retiring this summer. it's not his first retirement announcement but, at age 78, looks like it has a good chance of sticking. Schieffer was speaking to students at an annual symposium that bears his name at Texas Christian University's Schieffer School of Journalism in Fort Worth.
professor at the Massachusetts institute of technology shaved her head during lecture. a graduate student then used an electronic razor to shave the rest of her hair. the clip was posted on the scientist's Brain Talks website. it is designed to teach people about different methods of studying the brain.
female jihadis are shown practising with their machine guns and attempting to use their AK 47 rifles. all of the women are fully veiled, making it hard to identify individuals but it is possible the group may be linked to Islamic State. the video opens with the band of female jihadis marching along a sloped road in the Syrian countryside.
ancient Greek and Latin sign has been erected outside university building. it warns bikes will be'removed or destroyed' if left behind building. but expert says it contains grammatical errors and is 'amusing'
jihadi, now known as Jihadi John, planned to join al-Shabaab in africa. but changed his mind after two of his friends were killed by western spies. instead he travelled to syria where he became synonymous with beheading videos. according to a 29-year-old Syrian, he was obsessed with al-Shabaab. he said he once confided in him that he planned to join al-S
Floriane de Lassee has been photographing the cities of insomnia for at least ten years. she found inspiration when she studied at the International Center of Photography in new york. her project, Inside Views, captures the essence of what people do when they're alone.
Grace Rebecca Mann, 20, was found unconscious by two female roommates in the home they shared in Fredericksburg, near the college campus, about 3 p.m. local reports say she was asphyxiated and found with a plastic bag stuffed into her throat. her older roommate, 30-year-old Steven Vander Briel, was home when the two women stumbled upon the body, but ran out of the house. police have charged Briel with first-degree murder and abduction.
aldi has increased its share of the premium ale market by a third stealing customers away from troubled giants like Tesco. the discounter has also increased wine sales by 24 per cent over the last years. research by Kantar shows that aldi overtook waitrose as Britain's sixth biggest supermarket.
police will begin an autopsy on Stephanie Scott's body this week. the 26-year-old's remains have been transported to Glebe Morgue in Sydney. detectives will reportedly make inquiries with authorities in the Netherlands. school cleaner Vincent Stanford was charged with her murder on tuesday.
letizia, 42, wore a backless sequinned cocktail dress to the woman awards. the mother-of-two also unveiled a sharp new bob hair cut. was joined by actress Salma Hayek, 48, who received her prize.
Mike and Susan Fortuna, of Shelburne, sued last week, accusing Allergan of failing to warn of dangers, negligence and breach of the Vermont Consumer Fraud Act. in November, a Vermont jury awarded a new york family $6.75 million in their lawsuit against allergan. their lawyer said 7-year-old Joshua Drake developed epilepsy after getting Botox injections for his leg spasms caused by cerebral palsy.
the items from the collection of 'dean of American crafts' Allen Eaton were slated for public auction on friday at the Rago Auction House in Lambertville, new jersey. the collection includes 63 photos of people of Japanese descent who were imprisoned over fears they were spies and dozens of arts and crafts they made. the auction was halted thanks, in part, to the efforts of Takei, who lived in an internment camps in Arkansas as a child.
five people have died since vigilantes started looting and attacking shops. police fired stun grenades and rubber bullets as immigrant gangs confronted vigilantes. more than 200 immigrants had to take refuge in a police station.
Mackenzie Moretter, 10, has a rare genetic disorder called sotos syndrome that has delayed her development, which makes it hard for her to socialize. her parents had sent out invitations to several of her fourth grade classmates, but all but a neighbor and a cousin had canceled or did not RSVP. so her mother went on facebook and posted in several local groups asking families with girls around Mackenzie's age to stop by their family home to celebrate. more than 700 people joined the event titled,
newington College in Sydney's inner west is the latest prestigious private school to be hit by historic child sex abuse allegations. headmaster David Mulford notified parents and students of the allegations in an email sent out on Monday ahead of a pending court case. he said the case referred to alleged incidents from more than 35 years ago and asked anyone with grievances to come forward.
the claims were made by KGI Securities analyst Ming-Chi Kuo. he said the next-generation iPhone will feature Force Touch. it recognises typical scrolling and pinching gestures, but additionally tracks the pressure of a person's click and responds accordingly. rumours have hinted towards new features such as the 'racially diverse' people icons.
the research, carried out in Milan, backs up tests carried out by the charity Medical Detection Dogs. co-founder Dr Claire Guest said the charity's research found a 93% reliability rate when detecting both prostate and bladder cancer. she hailed the new study, describing the findings as'spectacular'
mother of two, known affectionately as Etch, died on April 8. she was caught in strong currents and lost consciousness before being pulled from the water. lifeguards and paramedics were unable to revive her with CPR. her husband has posted a heartbreaking tribute to her on facebook.
high-flying tory MP faces contempt of court proceedings if he fails to obey an order by the High Court to take down the tweets. at an extraordinary pre-trial hearing, the former diplomat was accused of posting the tweets to ‘ingratiate himself’ with voters. the trial, due to take place in June, was originally set for Bristol Crown Court, 30 miles from Gloucester.
paleontologists at the university of Alberta examined a pair of fossils found in Mongolia, which were first described in 2001. one is a complete skeleton, while the other is missing the middle and end of its tail. they say the key differences between the sexes lie in bones near the base of the tail. male oviraptors had broader and longer chevrons in their tails so they could shake their feather-tipped tail to woo potential mates.
two schoolmates, Katelyn Roman, 12, and Guadalupe Shaw, 13, were arrested a month after the suicide of 12-year-old Rebecca sedwick in lakeland, florida. authorities claimed they bullied her online and sent her messages such as 'go kill yourself' but the charges were dropped when police filed to find evidence of harassment. the girl's family has now filed a lawsuit against the sheriff's department.
singing dog's mouth moved perfectly in time with the music. but it is believed she had a fake jaw triggered by a remote control. ofcom received 21 complaints over the 'cruel' stunt.
the men were accused of being Assad agents, working for the regime. they were blindfolded and filmed in the back of a moving van. they were then escorted out and filmed on to a dusty road in deir ez-zor. a fighter dressed completely in black and unidentifiable filmed the executions.
a well-known band from catalonia created a tongue-in-cheek song during a recent Ryanair flight to Santiago de Compostela. the band composed the song after experiencing a 'lack of respect shown by flight attendants' some passengers even joined in and sang along as the band sang the chorus. airline spokesperson said:'sidonie? more like sit down mate'
Claudetteia Love, a senior and one of the top students at Carroll High in Monroe, said she was planning on going to the prom without a date and with a group of friends, but now she and her friends are staying away. though a petition was started and signed by members of the senior class to allow Love to wear a tuxedo, it was not acted on by school faculty. the decision is part of the school's dress code and not anything personal, principal Patrick
the city of Naypyidaw is shrouded in secrecy after the government decided to move the capital from Yangon. the super-sized highways have up to 20 lanes and are built to be big enough for government SUVs. official records state the population is just over 924,000, though any photographs taken would beg to differ.
noelle Reno confirms she split up with her partner of five years before his death. she also labels his death a'suicide', pre-empting any coroner's verdict. tycoon was killed after falling 60ft from his multi-million pound flat.
Preston Wright, 23, killed his girlfriend, Sarah Owen, 21, after he stabbed her several times with a knife then turned the weapon on himself at a house in Norman. eyewitnesses said that Owen arrived at the house and was attempting to move her things out of a garage when the argument escalated. officers from Norman police were met by a boy, thought to be Wright's brother, at a house on 3417 Madra Street. he told them his brother and his brother's
tourism group Stay In Cornwall has reassured swimmers that the water is fine. not all jellyfish found off UK beaches can sting humans, and for the majority of cases, stings are mild or easily treated.
Julie Walters, 49, has been jailed for two and a half years for burglary. she pretended to be a trusted official to dupe elderly residents out of cash. caught after she was spotted loitering in communal hall of retirement home. an 80-year-old man and an 81-year-old woman were fleeced in two separate attacks.
two robbers used sledgehammer and axe to try and break in to jewellery shop. worker barricaded the door and they fled on a motorbike. police have appealed for the public to help identify the offenders.
people with rapid eye movement sleep behaviour disorder (RBD) move around in their sleep and 'act out' their dreams. 81 to 90 per cent of patients with the condition will develop a neurodegenerative disorder.
the fash-pack have long championed head-to-toe black, but are shaking it up for spring by injecting another colour into their wardrobes. combining trusty black with elegant navy is both chic and flattering. the duchess of cambridge is rarely spotted in dresses that don't come in her favourite dark navy and black.
around 1.3 billion people in china marked the annual 'Tomb Sweeping Festival' by travelling home to their ancestral villages. families descended on graveyards to clean their tombs of the deceased and honour their loved ones. a bell was rung from the top of the city's temple, while the drums were struck 34 times, one for each of china's provinces.
the Airbus A319 flew two circuits around the island's international airport. it was to celebrate the marriage of one of the airline's pilots to a cabin crew member. the couple got married at the airport earlier that day.
flaming cannonball set alight to medieval thatched building at warwick castle. holidaymakers had gathered to watch cannonball be fired from wooden trebuchet. sparks from fireball ignited roof of nearby ancient boathouse, causing it to erupt.
the 96-year-old died on friday after being taken to hospital with pneumonia. he had been suffering from poor health and memory loss in recent years. one of his sons said he was 'almost deaf' and couldn't hold a pen.
Surveillance footage shows 40-year-old Todd Phillips being struck at full speed as he flags down one of his drivers during Sunday's inaugural Indy Grand Prix of Louisiana. as the Dale Coyne Racing team chief mechanic is hit on the leg by the back end of the vehicle he flips forwards and performs a somersault before co-workers rush over to check he's okay. Amazingly Phillips of Franklin, Wisconsin, only sustained minor injuries to his
the duchess shared the anecdote during a party to celebrate the 105th birthday of the Goring Hotel in London. she stayed in the luxury hotel the night before her wedding to William in 2011. at the party in march, the duchess chatted to guests including luxury travel agent Claudia Gordon.
Mikaela Jane Davidson was born on April 4 less than three months after her father, a heart surgeon, was shot dead at a Boston hospital by a patient's son. her father, dr. Michael Davidson, was shot dead at the hospital on january 20. his wife, dr. Terri Halperin, and daughters Kate, 10, Live, 8, and their 2-year-old son, Graham, were also in the hospital. 'we are finding joy in Mika
HBO NOW channel is available on the apple TV set-top box, iPhone and iPad. it comes ahead of the series premiere of HBO hit show Game of Thrones. service is available in the us for $14.99 (£9.90) a month. it will include all past, present and future HBO programming. announcement comes as apple is believed to be preparing a new version of the TV box that can run apps for a June launch.
shadow Welsh secretary says party cannot 'get rid' of nuclear deterrent. three quarters of labour candidates back scrapping trident deterrent. but party has committed to maintaining deterrent in its election manifesto.
only a third of the public see the labour leader as a 'capable leader'. just a quarter think he would be 'good in a crisis', according to poll. almost two-thirds of the public say the PM isn't in touch with their lives.
the president arrived in Kingston yesterday evening and was met by Prime Minister Portia Simpson-Miller, U.S. Ambassador to Jamaica Luis Moreno and a dozen other dignitaries. he promptly embraced the local color by making an unscheduled late night visit to the museum dedicated to the island's most famous son.
model, 29, posted picture of her thighs showing off her stretch marks. she said: 'Bruises from bumping kitchen drawer handles for a week. Stretchies say hi!' singer hit back at critics who fat shamed her for outfit she wore to charity event.
'abu Hamza al-Britani' has been living in a house with a group of unmarried fighters. the loveless 22-year-old travelled to the de facto capital city of Raqqa in 2014. he is now living with a group of english speaking fighters, originally as far as Belgium, Finland and australia.
the australian navy is allegedly in the process of returning up to 50 Vietnamese asylum seekers to their home country. the operation could cost $2.8 million of tax payers money. the asylum seekers were intercepted earlier in April and are being returned through the port of Vung Tau, south of ho Chi Minh city.
the disgraced former governor made the argument in a 54-page brief in the 4th U.S. Circuit Court of Appeals. a three-judge panel of the court will conduct a hearing on his appeal of his public corruption convictions on may 12. he and his wife, Maureen, were convicted in a joint trial in September of accepting more than $165,000 in gifts and loans from former star scientific Inc. CEO Jonnie Williams.
dramatic images capture moment four officers take down tracksuit-wearing man. he is just yards from a police sign which read: 'Possession of cannabis is illegal' crowds met this afternoon as part of the annual '420' event. campaigners were seen openly smoking marijuana and listening to speakers.
police were forced to separate the Reclaim Australia supporters and opponents of the group in Melbourne. the protests came as companies seeking to label their foods halal - must pay fees to Islamic organisations for inspection and certification. recent figures show the halal sector could be worth $1.5 trillion worldwide by 2050.
Remy Dufrene, 3, of Raceland, Louisiana, was in the kitchen with his grandmother when he ran out the back door as she was pouring him milk. the old woman tried to chase after the young boy, but soon after there was a loud scream as he fell into a drainage ditch. his father searched for the boy's body but it took him 15 minutes to find him.
workers at Windsor castle say they earn as little as £14,700 despite working for the 'country's richest family' public and commercial services union said staff are also asked to perform extra duties for free. 76 wardens out of 180 at the castle will refuse to host tours of the Great Kitchen and the Tower.
Liam dawe, 21, was born a healthy child but suffered serious health complications. he died in march last year from 'intra-abdominal sepsis' after developing cerebral palsy following the assault. law changed in 1996 that meant an act was presumed not to have caused a person's death if it happened more than a year before. but police are considering manslaughter charges after he died.
the 40-year-old's son Cooper Blue and daughter Kingsley Rainbow were born on Monday via a surrogate. a spokesperson for the couple said that 'her parents, fashion icons Ralph and Ricky Lauren, are overjoyed to welcome their first grandchildren'
Tanguy pepiot, a steeplechase runner for the university of Oregon, had a clear lead on his rival, Meron Simon, who competes for the university of Washington. but a crowd of more than 3,000 people saw the distance evaporate after pepiot raised his hands in pre-emptive joy. the gesture opened the way for Simon to speed towards the finish line, and beat him by a tenth of a second. but the warning came too late
between friday and Sunday 5,629 migrants were picked up in the Sicilian Channel. it is the first port of call for migrants seeking new lives in Europe. 160,000 made the journey last year, often on unseaworthy and overcrowded vessels. nine bodies were recovered after a boat carrying more than 150 people capsized off the coast of Libya.
more than half the members of a group of 28 industrialised nations reduced their aid budget between 2013 and 2014. despite this, the uk increased its spend by 1.2 per cent to £11.7billion in 2014.
festival-goers who attend outdoor concerts like Coachella are at risk to contract diseases like the flu, norovirus, salmonella, and even hepatitis a. new permanent restrooms on the festival grounds include 324 private stalls. even spending time around so many people outside of the restrooms can be a breeding ground for infections and other health problems.
foreign-born blacks made up 3.1% of the black population in 1980, but 8.7% in 2013. with 3.8 million foreign-born blacks already living in the us, 16.5 per cent of the black population will be comprised of immigrants by 2060. 50 per cent of the black immigrant population hail from the Caribbean, while 36 per cent come from Africa.
Those living in the Esher and Walton parliamentary constituency have seen average income tax bills jump by 8% in a year. they paid the most income tax in 2012/13, with bills averaging £16,900, almost four times the national average of £4,363. the other top five highest income tax-paying constituencies – Chesham and amersham; Windsor; Beaconsfield; and Dorking and Leatherhead – are in the Home Counties.
the company will store users' funds in multiple federally-insured banks. this is good news for people who place large amounts of money in their Wallet Balance because the federal deposit insurance corporation insures funds for banks up to $250,000. Currently, Google's user agreement says funds are not protected by the FDIC. but a spokesperson told Yahoo Finance that the current policy has changed.
first of 12 mass graves on the banks of the Tigris river began to give up their secrets. 'dozens' of ID cards belonging to the army cadets were found last week. highest estimate for the number of recruits killed in the Speicher massacre is about 1,700.
afzal Khan, 32, is accused of conning customers and financial firms. he is accused of obtaining loans from a bank for cars he never delivered. one financial institution is said to have lost $1.6million from dealings with him. he could face a maximum potential penalty of 20 years in prison and a multi-million dollar fine.
18-year-old was diagnosed with a stage four brain tumour three weeks ago. doctors told him they would not operate due to how deep the tumour was. he was rushed to the gold coast for a biopsy which found a stage four tumour. he was told they would not operate due to how deep the tumour was. he was told they would not operate due to how aggressive the tumour was. after a week of campaigning, he is just under $4,000 away from achieving his $80,000
Nicolas Diaz reportedly intervened after his granddaughter, Amber Diaz, and her former partner, Kevin Rivera, got into a dispute at their home in the early hours of Sunday. the couple had just returned to the apartment after celebrating their daughter's first birthday party. he allegedly stabbed him with a knife, before fleeing the scene. when medics arrived at the property, they discovered him with a chest wound. he was later pronounced dead, according to the new york times
eight judges of the european court of human rights have delivered a landmark ruling. they undermined the idea that no foreigner should be thrown out of a country if it interferes with their right to a family life.
girl, 6, sexually assaulted by boy of same age in classroom and playground. but police are powerless to act because age of criminal responsibility in england is ten. officials refused to remove the boy from her daughter's class, says girl's mother. she says she has now had to move the girl to a new school.
surveyor, 59, assaulted his mother, 92, at her house while carer was out. he left her with bruises on her face and a cut on her wrist that needed stitches. judge noel Lucas, sentencing, branded attack 'horrific' and 'unforgivable'
jennie Anne Kehlet, 49, and Raymond Keith Kehlet, 47, were last seen on march 22 in an area called Table Top near the gold prospecting and mining town of Sandstone. the couple are understood to be amateur prospectors and had set up a well-stocked campsite about 30km south of Sandstone. police are focusing on a search area of 10 square kilometres, however a search aircraft with forward looking infrared equipment has examined an area of 625 square kilometres so
footballer filmed apparently inhaling nitrous oxide - also known as 'hippy crack' footage appears to show him smiling and breathing in gas from a balloon. anti-drugs charity has called on the 'role model' player to apologise.
lawyers have warned that the differences in defamation law in Northern Ireland mean controversial HBO's 'Going Clear' might not be broadcast. this is because it could expose the broadcaster to libel claims from the leader of the church and other prominent scientologists. it mirrors the decision taken by British publishers transworld to cancel their release of Lawrence Wright's Going Clear: Scientology, Hollywood and the Prison of Belief.
Kim Copeland, 52, was walking home from her local Sainsbury's store in coventry. she threw the used cigarette on the ground before two officers came'sprinting' towards her to say she had committed a criminal offence. she was issued with a £50 fixed penalty notice but refused to pay it within ten days in protest at how she was treated. after failing to pay, she eventually received a letter ordering her to appear at Nuneaton Magistrates' Court
reports claim google is the latest firm to set up a team dedicated to boosting how long our phones, tablets and even electric cars can run for. four-man team spends its days devising and testing different technologies from the flexible to the wearable. google has been working on similar projects since 2012 when former apple battery expert Dr Ramesh Bhardwaj began leading a testing team.
'Spice', also commonly known as 'K2' or 'Mojo', is predominantly abused by teenagers and typically sold over-the-counter as incense or potpourri. over 120 of those people were admitted to Emergency Rooms in the same week.
more than half of children in the uk don't have any veg. 44% have no fruit on a daily basis. mother-of-two Annabel Karmel shares her feeding wisdom.
campaigners, police chiefs and MPs accuse director of public prosecutions of ignoring rights of victims and failing to clear cover-up. one of her predecessors said allegations should have been resolved in the 'full public glare of a courtroom' but the row shows no sign of abating as further details of the claims levelled against the 86-year-old Labour life Peer are made public.
culture and media secretary set out plans to shield youngsters from easy access to hardcore online pornography. he promised legislation to force distributors to put effective age verification technology in place. if porn websites fail to comply, they will be blocked by a powerful new regulator which will be able to issue financial penalties.
catalina Viejo, 31, paints miniature pictures from candid paparazzi shots. she has worked on stars including kim Kardashian, miley cyrus and beyoncé. the bite-sized series is aptly titled 'A View of the End' and is currently on display at the SHAG Gallery in Brooklyn, new york.
the comedian labels the pair's efforts to import 8kg of heroin as into Australia as 'daft' he urges his nine million twitter followers to sign up to the mercy campaign. the pair await their fate on what is infamously dubbed as 'Execution Island' in Java.
Oxford's women's rowing team beat their male colleagues for the first time. the women's race has been held since 1927 further up river at Henley. the team finished six-and-a-half lengths and 19 seconds ahead.
levar Jones, 36, was shot in the stomach by a white officer during a traffic stop. he was unarmed and had his back to the officer when he was shot in the stomach. the incident was captured on the officer's dash cam. policeman Sean Groubert, 31, has been fired and charged with felony assault.
the baby was found on the floor of the roach infested apartment with bites on her legs and head. while Bell slept on the couch, baby Alice somehow suffocated on the floor nearby. it is unclear how this happened and for how long she lay there.
lib dem Danny Alexander could be given a peerage in a bid to keep him in his Treasury post in a second coalition. he would be one of the highest-profile casualties of the SNP surge which is set to take the seats of many of Scotland 40 Labour and 11 Lib Dem MPs. other party stalwarts likely to be ennobled after the election are former leaders Charles Kennedy who may lose his seat of Ross, Skye and Lochaber.
Dutch and Canadian scientists asked 100 men and women to fill in a questionnaire every time they spent at least five minutes talking to someone else. participants felt friendlier, listened more, gave more compliments and were more likely to make compromises.
video shows deputies punching and kicking alleged horse thief for two minutes. in video, 30-year-old is seen falling off horse he was suspected of stealing. seconds later, two deputies catch up to him and stun him with Tasers. they then stun him again, and again, as he lies face-down on ground. as camera keeps rolling, officers apparently kick him in head and crotch. after beating, a deputy whispered in
counterfeit drug gang jailed after raking in £10million by selling fake Viagra. gang offered cheap erectile dysfunction pills to online and face-to-face customers around the world. judge described it as a 'highly organised, large-scale criminal enterprise' which risked health of members of public.
Churchill Downs, which hosts the annual Kentucky Derby on may 1st and 2nd, has banned the use of selfie sticks by attendees. the pole-like contraptions grasp cellphones and allow people a longer reach to snap their self-portraits. other events such as the Coachella and Lollapalooza music festivals also have banned the photo aids.
Elena Udrea, 41, was investigated over claims she accepted bribes. she was indicted along with seven other people, including former economy minister Ion Ariton, who was charged with abuse of power. she claims the charges against her are politically motivated.
face wipes have been a lazy part of our beauty routine for years now. but a new generation of wipes — known as radiance pads — promise to remove eyeliner and mascara, but also retexturise and brighten skin. infused with exfoliating glycolic and fruit acids and skin-soothers such as mango extract and liquorice.
the 71-year-old has been a long-time supporter of the democratic party. he said if the former secretary of state is voted into the white house there will be 'no surprises' he was joined by american producer and tribeca film festival co-founder.
each state has its own set of phrases that can seem bizarre to the rest of the english-speaking world. in new york, for instance, there's a tendency to use the word'so' for drama, such as 'didn't nobody help him' in florida, 'i ain't never had no trouble with none of 'em'
murder bears all the hallmarks of a professional assassination. it is thought the gunman used a silencer and it took place away from cameras. part-time builder was lured to upmarket street on pretence of building work. but when imam arrived, killer got into rear seat of his car and shot him.
the 28-year-old, who hails from new jersey, had her car towed from the parking lot of a Chinese restaurant in Arlington, Virginia. the verbal attack was captured on a security camera as she paid to pick the vehicle up at the tow lot office. 'i’m in the news, sweetheart, I will f-----g sue this place,' McHenry can be heard saying in the video. 'that’s why I have a degree
a swastika and the word'scum' were sprayed in white paint on the window. a 'Q' was added to the blue front door, which some people said stands for quisling - a person who collaborates with an enemy. it comes six months after buildings and polling stations were defaced.
lawrencium currently sits at the very bottom of the periodic table at the end of a group of elements known as the actinides, which sit in a separate block from the main table. but new research suggests the element may have properties similar to sodium and potassium, which may fuel arguments that it would be better placed in the main body.
the eyes of the nation were on the heir to the throne for the historic event on July 1, 1969. but behind the scenes, the prime minister was convinced terrorists campaigning for Welsh independence would target the monarchy. met officers were sent to fight against extremists who had already set off a series of bombs.
the suspect, who hasn't been named, was quickly apprehended but not before he had driven the best part of a mile to the 4600 block of 9th Avenue Wylam. he abandoned the car and attempted to flee on foot.
the map reveals average yearly counts of lightning flashes per square kilometer from 1995 to 2013. highest amounts occur in the far eastern Democratic Republic of Congo and Lake Maracaibo in northwestern Venezuela. areas with the fewest number of flashes each year are grey and purple. areas with the largest number of flashes - as many as 150 per year per square kilometer - are shown in bright pink.
former prime minister and his wife therese rein have said goodbye to their family home in Brisbane's east of more than 20 years. the two-storey property still managed to sell for over three times what the couple paid when they bought the house just over two decades ago. the house has a history of encouraging bargains, as the Rudd's paid $116,000 less than Irene and Nicholas Kassos who paid $500,000 just five months before the Rudd's did in 1994.
boxer, 26, admitted killing nine-year-old girl's guinea pigs by squeezing life out. he also admitted assaulting his former partner at her home in blackpool. he also damaged a television and iPad worth £740 during the attack.
the Eco Experts has created maps plotting which countries have the most threatened mammals. the firm used the world bank's world development indicator for deforestation and biodiversity figures. the maps were designed by london-based firm the eco experts.
Precious Richardson Coleman, 29, ran down 24-year-old Beatrice 'Dee Dee' Spence and her uncle, 37-year-old Damon Watson, in her 2004 white dodge durango. Spence's mother, Danika, ran out of the house to help her daughter, leaving unattended food cooking on the stove. the stove went up in flames, causing a housefire that consumed the entire house.
monsour Alshammari, 27, is in the U.S. on a Saudi government student sponsorship and has ties to the country's royal family. he was arrested on friday at the border near San Diego. he is set to be extradited back to Utah where he faces charges related to the rape of a student in february.
'if I should die, think only this of me: / That there’s some corner of a foreign field / That is forever England' before then, Brooke was known only in literary circles. his death at 27 from blood poisoning en route to gallipoli duly cemented his image as the poster-boy of heroic self-sacrifice.
the island of Providenciales, in the Turks and Caicos, consistently ranks as one of the world's best beaches. the island, north-east of Cuba, was tops in the website’s Travellers’ Choice Awards for 2015. it edging Maui in Hawaii and Roatan in Honduras.
callum Butler was born weighing just 1lb 9oz and with translucent skin. his mother, Amanda, 42, was told an infection called bacterial vaginosis was to blame. condition affects one in three women, making it twice as common as thrush. pregnant women with the condition are six times more likely to miscarry and twice as likely to give birth prematurely.
Sarah Hulbert, of Auburn, wrote in her complaint that she was treated differently from her male co-workers during her time as an executive assistant at Bates College in Lewiston and was fired for having 'no pizzazz' the 59-year-old claims she has suffered a financial loss and a human loss due to 'gender discrimination' and seeks compensatory damages at a jury trial.
hat-trick in the prestigious London Press Club awards is unprecedented for a quality, family newspaper. the mail on Sunday was voted Sunday Newspaper of the Year for a third year in a row.
Kim Rose, 57, was alleged to have bribed voters by putting on a spread at a party event. he was never arrested or charged but was questioned by police over 'treating' he poked fun at allegations by taking in boxes of Jaffa Cakes for officers. but when he emerged 30 minutes later he revealed officers had refused to accept treats.
the images were captured by the Dawn probe from 28,000 miles (45,000km) away. they show a pair of mysterious bright flashes on the surface have different thermal properties. the upper trio is Region 1 at visible, infrared and thermal infrared wavelengths. at visible infrared, the spot is dark. at thermal infrared, the spot is dark.
madonna's new black crocodile handbag has caused a stir for its drug-related slogan, the word 'dealer' spelled out in bling diamond lettering. 'Dealers Choice! My favorite new handbag by Mawi!', followed by dice, gun and love heart emoticons.
cathleen hackney, 56, is on trial at Stoke-on-Trent crown court. she allegedly told two funeral directors there were no objections. no-one attended the early morning cremation of her son in 2010. hackney denies one offence of making a false representation to procure the burning of human remains and two counts of signing false certificates.
Trinity Culley secretly watched tv's 'one born every minute' in her bedroom. but when her mother went into labour two weeks early, she sprang into action. she calmly collected towels and reassured her mum everything would be okay. within minutes she had delivered her baby sister, jasmin Elizabeth-Rose.
the youngster's mother left the buggy in the lobby of their building on Merrimac Drive, Langley Park, as usual on Sunday evening. but when she went to retrieve the stroller the following morning, it had reportedly disappeared. prince george's county police have released a piece of surveillance footage which shows a person pushing the empty chair in a parking lot.
a person with aquagenic urticaria is essentially allergic to water. after coming into contact with water - or blood, sweat and tears - the sufferer develops painful, itchy hives that spread over the affected area. these can last anywhere between 10 minutes to an hour-and-a-half.
three men accused of murder waited for their deaths at the hands of insurgents. they were blindfolded and handcuffed on a barren hilltop in eastern afghanistan. used AK-47s, they were shot in the head at point-blank range. as their lifeless bodies collapsed onto the ground, plumes of dust shot into the air.
Tony Hatch and Jackie Trent wrote a string of chart-topping hits for stars. they were dubbed'mr and Mrs music' after composing for artists including Frank Sinatra, Dean Martin, Scott Walker, Shirley Bassey and Petula Clark. when Trent died last month, Hatch was expected to be at her funeral to say a final goodbye. but she believed to her dying day that he had denied her the credit she was due for some of their compositions.
mother and ten ducklings spotted trying to cross busy high street. staff dashed to help them across and followed them back to the office. they ushered the family out of a back door to safety. they then disappeared into a nearby park.
Jason McDonald, 34, from Aurora, Colorado, walked the thin rope over a pool containing more than 50 of the alligators. he said he thought this would be an interesting new way of interacting with the fearsome creatures. 'the first time we set it up they approached but didn't get very close. this time it didn't seem to bother them at all,' he said.
primatologists working in Ntokou-Pikounda national park have captured the first ever picture of the Bouvier's red colobus monkey. the primate was first discovered in 1887 and is only known from three specimens. researchers hope to study the monkey in an attempt to learn more about it.
the five-star hotel is located in the once tawdy, but now trendy, Pigalle district of the city. all rooms feature hermes bath products, plenty of silk draping and a swimming pool with a starry ceiling. the property is marked only by two red lanterns and a matching awning.
an arbitrator determined farryn Johnson was let go illegally and as a result of racial discrimination. he also reportedly said Hooters violated state civil rights laws, as well as federal ones. Johnson has been awarded $250,000 for both her legal fees and lost wages.
officials ordered 250,000 birds to be slaughtered in Telangana. cases of the highly contagious virus were identified. virus caused 400 deaths and hundreds of millions of poultry.
scientists brace themselves for the results of a study by scientists in china. they have introduced DNA changes to reproductive cells. many scientists have already reacted with horror at the idea. they fear it could be misused to allow parents to'select' genes.
Wi-Fi Calling is designed to facilitate calls and texts when users have no mobile phone signal. paves the way for London's commuters to chat and text inside the capital's 150 tube stations where Wi-Fi connections are currently available.
ruben Costa, 35, pleaded guilty to impersonating a member of the police force. he was only handed a two-month suspended sentence. the father pretended to be a police officer investigating a crime over the phone, claiming he needed the assistance of taxi drivers in the area.
reality tv star, 30, has lost 13 pounds in three months thanks to intense exercise regime. has been showcasing blonder locks, flawless face and honed physique. recently attended a Kardashian Beauty hair care event in west hills, california.
officer jared forsyth, 33, was wearing a bulletproof vest during firearms training. the round entered through his arm and went through his chest. he was rushed to a hospital in critical condition, but later died. the florida department of law enforcement is investigating the incident.
'if there is anyone who deserves the ultimate punishment, it is the defendant. however, we must overcome the impulse for vengeance,' they say.
'i was up against a lot of doctors that told me I was crazy and that my problems didn't exist,' the 30-year-old singer told ABC News. 'i went from doctor to doctor for about eight months, which was unacceptable and frustrating. I found somebody had the knowledge and the expertise of treating it,' she said.
german discounter has won increasing share of market since recession. now lags behind only the ‘big four’ - Tesco, Asda, Sainsbury’s, Morrisons and the Co-operative.
the 29-year-old model and chef posted a picture of her stretch marks to Instagram. hundreds of women have taken to the social networking site to share theirs. some have shared pictures of their stomachs while others have shown their legs and bums.
Natalia Moon moved to the Philippines in 2012 after struggling to find work as an actress in australia. the 23-year-old became fluent in the local language, Tagalog, in the hope of becoming a star. she landed a major role in 2014 playing a catty maid, also named Natalia, in the new sitcom 'Ismol Family'
move would apply in pubs, clubs, supermarkets and off-licences. legal minimum age for buying alcohol would be higher in scotland.
Gabrielle Yinka Saunders, 32, used company credit cards to pay for £10,000 wedding. she also stole £5,000 honeymoon in the Seychelles and £35,000 from previous employer. she started £40,000-a-year job as personal assistant at insight investment firm. but she embezzled £17,000 using colleagues' credit cards on second day. she was convicted of fraud twice before but spared jail at old Bailey.
Michelle Manhart, 38, was handcuffed by police at Valdosta state university. she refused to let the flag go, saying it belongs to 'the entire united states' she was demoted when she appeared nude in playboy magazine.
the 25-year-old cousin of princes William and Harry embraced the trend. looked casually chic in a charcoal leather-trim coat and Nike hoodie. protected her eyes from the springtime sun with tortoiseshell sunglasses.
drug rehab network Narcocon is trying to prove that a 40-acre plot of land near the presidential retreat Camp David is historic enough to build a center for 12 patients. the current zoning laws for Trout Run, which includes a collection of stone cottages, classify it for resource conservation and do not permit any medical purpose for the site. opponents view the proposed designation as a trick to circumvent current zoning laws for the 40-acre plot of land and create a drug rehabilitation program that some call dangerous
the mountain bike athletes were captured taking huge leaps as the sun went down over Portland rock, an island off the coast of Weymouth, Dorset. the group included renowned professional trial bike riders Jack Gear, 25, Andrei Burton, 29, and Joe Seddon, 19. they were just 10 metres from the choppy waters below as they jumped from one jagged rock to another.
Marc Macrae was election agent for the SNP's Westminster leader. he said the party showed compassion for the Lockerbie bomber but ostracised him. he is now backing tory candidate Douglas Ross to oust him in moray.
two-storey fantasy café is located in downtown hangzhou. it has eight air purifiers to provide fresher air 24 hours a day. a label is put on every table stating there is an air-purifying fee.
students at Melbourne high school were drinking from a bubbling dispensing recycled water for more than a year. 'Class A' recycled water is sewage that has been treated to a standard that’s safe for watering gardens, washing clothes and flushing toilets. although it is the highest quality of recycled water, the water that the students had been consuming is not considered acceptable for consumption.
residents say housing bosses are trying to perpetuate a false image of the area. they say the estate will look 'completely different' to visitors. the housing association said the works had been planned well in advance.
two bystanders recorded the fight on their cell phones as Tabitha Bennett allegedly shouted at her daughter to take swings at the older girl in new port richey, florida. she allegedly drove her daughter to the area near Moog Street and left the car holding a folding knife. she allegedly encouraged her daughter to fight the girl, yelling at her, 'get on top of her' and 'kick her a**'
four underage frat boys were busted on an Alabama interstate on monday. they were accused of towing 2,000 beers, ten liters of spirits and several litres of wine to Gulf Shores for spring break celebrations. they were asked to stop by officers as they were hauling a trailer with an expired tag.
the juniors from Waupaca, Michigan, made an emotional statement when they were photographed holding a sign that read: 'Real friends don't count chromosomes' the sign referred to the fact that Down syndrome occurs when an individual has an extra copy of chromosome 21.
Jenna Louise Driscoll fronted Brisbane court for failing to appear on April 7. the 25-year-old lashed out and hit a photographer on the forehead with a plastic bottle before hurling abuse at him. she has been charged with seven counts of supplying or trafficking drugs, one charge of unlawful wounding and three charges of bestiality.
lib dem leader promises to'spread the burden' of deficit reduction. car tax would rise by £25-a-year, but he scaled back plans for a mansion tax. set out plans for £5billion in new tax rises, £7billion raised from tax avoidance. mocked osborne's insistence that another £12billion can be found.
Robert Kirkland died on Saturday morning in Union City, Tennessee, from complications stemming from kidney failure. he donated millions to find the Discovery Park of America education center and tourist spot in Tennessee. a memorial service is scheduled for Wednesday at Discovery park, which will be closed to the general public on that day.
Iceland has become an increasingly popular filming location with its majestic vistas being prominently featured in many hit TV series or Hollywood blockbusters. despite the fact that the country has been used in filming as far back as 1920, well-known fantasy, sci-fi and action film directors and producers have all descended on the island nation. but there are certain filming locations that consistently rank a cut above and are drawing fans of productions such as Game of Thrones, Interstellar or Prometheus.
the 28-year-old came out as bisexual in her 20s but struggled to find a girlfriend. she decided to create her own dating app when the ones that were available weren't up to the job. 'i can't ever imagine not doing it and being prepared to give it up,' she said.
sharky Jama has reportedly been shot dead in Syria. his father, dada, confirmed his death to SBS radio. sharky was a model-turned-jihadist who was managed by FRM Management. he reportedly fled to Syria with his friend to join the terror group.
mother-of-two Marie Csaszar, 45, died last September following a 10-year battle with a brain tumour. she had worked for seven years at the BBC's financial centre in Cardiff as a contracts manager. but according to her husband, she was forced out of the post into another job after drawing attention to management blunders. legal experts described the case as 'highly unusual' but predicted it could be followed by similar claims.
'it's a stain on me that will be with me until I go to my grave,' said Glenn Ford as he walked into his home last week. the 65-year-old was diagnosed with stage 4 lung cancer shortly after being released from prison in angola last year. 'it still cost me 31 years of my life and then nothing at the end but death because they give me from six to eight months to live,' he said.
police found a body in the riverina region of NSW on friday night. it is believed to be the 26-year-old teacher who went missing days before she was due to marry her fiancé and partner of five years. her sister asked attendees of a memorial picnic on Saturday to 'wear yellow' in her memory. hundreds of women around the country hung up their wedding dresses under the hashtag #WearATouchOfYellow.
pub landlord arrested last July on suspicion of perverting course of justice. 47-year-old released from bail after providing information to detectives. miss Lawrence was 35 when she disappeared in north Yorkshire in 2009. she was reported missing by her father after concerns were raised.
BBC trust chairman has said she wants to stay for a least another year. but two major investors and a leading shareholder group have voted to get rid of her. she has been under mounting pressure to quit both lucrative positions.
comics at the BBC must go through 'quite a lot of layers' to be approved. some jokes even have to be looked over by director general Lord hall. it comes after a 'difficult few years' following the Sachsgate scandal.
former aide to ed miliband was at the Kremlin with her aunt. she was photographed alongside Putin and sheikh hasina. the prime minister of Bangladesh is accused of human rights abuses. tories accuse her of trying to conceal her extraordinary links to Putin.
wikileaks put hundreds of thousands of emails and documents from last year's cyberattack into a searchable online archive. assange has said that the data belongs online because it shows the inner workings of an international company. he said that the company has links to the democratic party and the american'military industrial complex' the data dump today comes after the hack which has already cost the entertainment giant upwards of $100 million.
'Vulcan Aerospace' will look after the space programs of Stratolaunch Systems. project will launch spacecraft and probes into orbit from of a huge carrier aircraft with a wingspan of 385ft (117 metres) plane will climb to 30,000 feet and launch a rocket at high altitude. this will avoid the huge fuel costs of launching from Earth.
the 26-year-old was chosen by the brand last year due to her 'cool and quintessentially British edge' the IT girl shows off her flawless skin and razor-sharp cheekbones in the new shoot to promote the brand's contouring range.
grant Allen, 38, travelled around the world with his girlfriend, Gaynor Godwin. he bought a holiday home on the Costa del sol, Spain, using criminally gained money. the pair stayed at top hotels on at least eight holidays costing £30,000. splurged £8,700 on a holiday to Florida in 2009 when he took his girlfriend and children to Disney world.
jilted lover sent revenge porn to victim's 18-year-old daughter. he threatened to post a sex video on the mother's facebook page. 'it got so bad I considered suicide,' the mother said. cotterill, 42, jailed last week after admitting causing grievous bodily harm.
the Mudgeeraba caravan village is home to more than 100 people. the site has been the site of a fatal house fire, stabbings, brawls, and continual violence. ambulance officers will now only enter the caravan park under police protection.
the Todd family - a 36-year-old father and his seven children aged six to 15 - were tragically killed as they slept in their princess Anne home. father rodney Todd was raising the children after divorcing their mother in November. the six-hour funeral service brought 1,200 people to the Ella Fitzgerald Auditorium at the university of Maryland Eastern Shore on Saturday. men, women and children, some in funeral attire and others donning T-shirts reading 'The Todd Family: Gone but
in Lisa Erspamer's third collection of tributes, celebrities such as Melissa Rivers, Shania Twain, will.i.am, Christy Turlington Burns, and Kristin Chenoweth all wrote letters of love and gratitude to the women who raised them.
the Fanuc CR-35iA claims to be the first 'heavy-lifting industrial collaborative robot' to work with humans without the need for safety fences. it uses integrated vision technology called iRVision to keep an eye on humans and automatically stops if it touches an operator. the robot can lift objects weighing up to 77 lbs (35kg) and could be used in a number of industries, from warehouses to production lines.
Victorino Chua penned what he called a 'bitter nurse confession' he spelled out 'how an angel can turn to an evil person' in 13 pages of rambling, broken handwritten english. he is accused of killing three patients by contaminating their saline drips with insulin and deliberately poisoning 18 others.
a federal jury in salt lake city on. Thursday awarded more than $270,000 to marcia. Eisenhour. the jury found that former Justice Court Judge Craig Storey violated her right to equal protection. storey wrote in 2007 'i'd love to harvest your sweet grapes,' and called. Eisenhour the'most gorgeous thing alive'
princess beatrice spotted at the Bahrain grand prix, her fourth holiday in a month. the 26-year-old was spotted with her long-term boyfriend, according to an onlooker. she was with the crown prince of Bahrain, whose regime has been accused of violently repressing pro-democracy protests.
model Indianara Carvalho, 23, had hymen surgery last year to'restore' her virginity so she could enjoy her first time all over again with'someone special' accompanied the racy photo with the phrase: 'Good Friday. Lord, on this day I ask for peace, love, wisdom and strength' the image, one of a series of nude body-painted shots she shared over the Easter weekend, attracted 750 'likes', as well as a tir
Lee Thompson co-founded the flashpacking tour company, a small group flashpacking tour company. his company's Vietnam & Cambodia tour took a group of nine people on a 14-day trip this month. in Vietnam alone there are more than 37 million motorbikes or scooters, most definitely the vehicle of choice in traffic.
mother-of-five, 33, suffocated her newborn baby daughter in a suitcase. she stuffed toilet paper down her throat and hid the baby's body in a suitcase. a court heard she was suffering from a'momentary abnormality of mental functioning' she was cleared of murder but convicted of manslaughter on grounds of diminished responsibility.
Kurt Ludwigsen, 43, is accused of kissing, harassing and touching 13 players. he is facing 44 counts of forcible touching of another's sexual parts. he also faces 49 counts of harassment involving unwanted physical contact.
Gloria Ross, 84, spent 30 years in the national health service as a nurse. found with distorted face when she was visited by her grandson, 25. when he asked nurses for help they said she was 'just tired' and 'on a break' it was not until an hour had passed that she was finally assessed by a doctor. he arranged for her to be taken to a stroke unit at royal London hospital. but she never regained full consciousness and died two weeks
police say 90-year-old Earl Arthur Olander was found with his hands tied behind his back and beaten to death in his own home. he was discovered covered in cuts and bruises and his home had been ransacked. they have now offered a $1,000 reward for any information which could lead to an arrest. neighbors have spoken of him as a'stand-up person' and a wonderful role model.
the winning punter, from mittagong in southern new south wales, discovered his good fortune on Tuesday evening. he said he and his wife had been'struggling' before the win and that they are over the moon with the result. two entries won the first division share of Oz Lotto's $40 million jackpot draw on.
Vijaya Gadde said social network had let internet abuse go 'unchecked' she said it had tripled the size of the team that deals with online abuse.
three teenage vandals went on a rampage through a car dealership in Michigan. they kicked off wing mirrors, destroyed headlights and smashed windscreens. owner Freddy Ali discovered the carnage when he returned to work. he is now offering a $1,000 reward for information leading to the arrest.
Known only by the name Gulnaz, the woman was only 16-years-old when she fell pregnant with the child of her depraved attacker asadullah. a Kabul court sentenced her to two years in prison for 'adultery by force', later increased to 12 years following an appeal. the only hope of a reduced sentence was to marry asadullah, which she did in early 2013.
the Canberra based department of foreign affairs and trade workers were given an 'announcement' on a big TV screen. the stunt saw 30 low-ranking employees told they needed to apply for expressions of interest if they wanted to keep their jobs by moving to Melbourne. DFAT has since reprimanded the staff member responsible for the stunt.
megan huntsman, 40, pleaded guilty to killing six newborns and stashing their bodies in garage of her home in Pleasant Grove, utah. a judge today handed her six terms of five years to life in prison. but her 'cold and calculated' crimes were recounted to the court. she told police she started killing off her children when she got pregnant because her drug problem meant she couldn't care for them. her mother, Joyce, took to the stand to tearfully
five-year-old darius is 4ft long and weighs just under 3st. he is the size of an average eight-year-old child. aged only one, Jeff is already 3ft 8in long and weighs 2st.
astonishing video captures moment two planes landed in sync at airport. the two planes measure their approach almost identically. the wheels touch the tarmac simultaneously.
a 36-year-old sheriff's deputy was directing school buses in the town of Paradis, just west of new orleans, when he was ambushed and shot three times. a male suspect, 56-year-old Paul Devillier, was arrested a short time later after a brief 'tussle' with officers. police say he does not have a criminal record but they suspect he suffers from mental health issues.
Zeus, an 11-year-old retired K-9 officer, was honored in a grand procession on Wednesday by the Ridgefield police department. the german shepherd worked with the department for eight years as a K-9 officer. he was put down because of a severe degenerative hip disorder and declining health.
tuning forks are pieces of metal that make different pitched sounds. they are placed on specific parts of the face - neck, jowls, forehead and around eyes. vibrations are said to tighten sagging skin, eradicate dark circles and lessen appearance of wrinkles.
shadow chancellor said he would not make 'unfunded and uncosted commitments' comes after tories pledged to increase spending by £8billion a year by 2020. but he refused to say how he will find the money ahead of manifesto launch.
the unidentified woman walked on to the Kosciuszko Bridge from the Brooklyn side on Monday just before noon. she climbed over a railing and stood on a section of metal piping barely wide enough to fit her feet. police arrived on scene at about 11.50am and spent more than two hours talking to the woman and trying to calm her down.
fiona Cullum, 25, provided a safe haven for hassan Hussain and Yassin James. they were hunted by police for gunning down innocent nursery teacher Sabrina Moss. she then lied to officers when quizzed about Hussain after he was arrested. the men sprayed bullets at miss Moss and her friends as they took cover. miss Moss' friend Sabrina Gachette was lucky to survive after being
german teacher Annegret Raunigk, 65, already has 13 children. her latest pregnancy was the result of artificial insemination using donated sperm and eggs. she said she was'shocked' when ultrasound scan showed she was carrying quadruplets.
more than 250 mourners gathered at all saints church in bexhill-on-sea, east Sussex, for Hayley's funeral. in a letter to the 17-year-old's parents he described her as 'an inspiration to millions' there are 74 known cases of progeria around the world and only 4 in the uk.
pest control company Mortein posted a picture to the account of its mascot, Louie the Fly, along with '#putyourdressout', which was a widely shared hashtag in support of Ms Scott. the post was quickly attacked by people who dubbed it insensitive. a spokeswoman for Mortein said the post has since been removed, and apologised for any offence caused.
the case was originally devised as an April Fool's joke. but the popularity and demand for a real product was so high the firm has announced plans to sell a consumer version. it will feature an eight-way D-pad, two action buttons, a Start and Select button, and a battery that can be charged through the phone.
photojournalist who grew up in an ultra orthodox home in Israel has revealed the fascinating rituals and customs performed by his community. the 32-year-old was raised in the Israeli town of Bnei Brak and educated in an ultra orthodox school. he admitted that some of the rituals, when viewed with the eyes of an outsider, 'look strange'
davion only, 16, had spent his entire life in foster care after his mother gave birth to him behind bars. he stood before his church in 2013 and made a heartbreaking plea for a family to 'love him forever' three years later he has finally found a permanent home with the woman who first met him as a seven-year-old when she became his caseworker.
'orange man' lost his iphone in new york city and ended up in southeastern china. he received the phone as a gift but forgot to wipe its contents. pictures of orange trees and fireworks started showing up on his stream. the pair eventually met up and he was granted celebrity status.
malijah grant, 1, was shot in the head in a drive-by shooting outside Seattle. her parents were in the front seat when a black car pulled alongside and the driver and a passenger opened fire before driving off. police say they don't believe the shooting was random, though neither parent was injured.
Godfrey Elfwick was recruited to talk on the BBC's world service programme. he claimed the films are anti-women, anti-gay and the bad guy is black. he also said the bad guy is a 'camp, neurotic coward' and listens to rap music.
this is according to a new study which claims the Kola fireball had a 'disturbingly similar' path to asteroid 2014 UR116, which is due to pass by the moon in 2017. spotted on April 19 last year, researchers used camera footage to help recreate its trajectory and hunt down any remaining fragments. scientists determined the fireball's path by studying its flight and the meteorite's final impact site, before creating a computer model based on those figures. this
Deputy pm said control of the department for education would be a key demand of any new power-sharing deal. he wants to avoid a repeat of battling against the 'ideological gimmicks' of Mr Gove. lib dems have sought to claim the mantle as the 'party of education'
Kelly Nash, 25, was last seen alive in early hours of January 5. woke coughing and sneezing and told girlfriend he was not feeling well. by the time his girlfriend got up at 7.30am, he was gone. fisherman came upon his decomposed body in lake lanier.
humans of new york photographer shared image of a woman whose name is beyoncé. the photo was accompanied by a statement from her describing the inconvenience of sharing a celebrity name. users expressed their annoyance at having the same name as the wife of Jay-z.
the first lady said in a statement she was 'lucky to have such a talented individual on my team' 'i am equally lucky to have made a lifelong friend in Jeremy,' she added. the 53-year-old is also the first gay man to hold the position.
95.9 percent of women 15 to 19 years old were childless in 2014. in 2012, that number was 94.9 percent. for women 20 to 24, 75.2 percent were childless last year. in 2012, 71.4 percent did not have children.
two FBI agents and two uniformed officers pulled off one of the top experts on counter-threat intelligence in the wold. they took electronic devices and computer files from Chris Roberts and confiscated his laptop and thumb drives. he was coming to town to speak at an aerospace conference about vulnerabilities in airplane systems.
the 87-year-old honorary president of the far-right party fell out with his daughter. she was particularly angry that he called the Nazi gas chambers 'a detail of history' but he has refused to step down from his position as honorary president.
Cle 'Bone' Sloan, 45, was crushed beneath the wheels of suge knight's pickup truck outside a burger stand in los angeles in January. he left with two fractured ankles and wounds on to his head, knees and shoulder. but he claimed from the witness stand that he does not remember the specifics of the confrontation, in which his companion Terry Carter, 55, was killed. he is accused of murdering Carter and trying to murder Sloan.
couples around the world are sharing their intimate proposal moment via the website HowHeAsked.com and Instagram account HowHeAsked. alongside the thousands of pictures are the couples' touching proposal stories.
Kaden Lum was gunned down by an unidentified suspect at his home in Bremerton, Washington, on march 28. his mother, Jalisa, was also killed while a neighbor was shot in the abdomen. the cartoon depicts Kaden as an angel next to a caricature of a devil dressed as Uncle Sam. the boy's grandfather believes the decision to print the cartoon was in 'bad taste'
freezing brings out more of their flavour and boosts the texture. herbs and spices will last up to six months when frozen. frozen herbs are brilliant in pies, pasta and pestos.
asif bodi and abubakar bhula prayed at half-time at anfield last month. supporters branded him a 'bigot' and a 'disgrace to humanity' the tweet was reported to police who decided no criminal offence had taken place.
Jake Boys, 19, surprised girlfriend Emily-Victoria Canham, 18, with tickets. told her they would fly to see band in Cardiff, but booked flights to Ireland. miss Canham tweeted: 'he booked flights to Ireland because he thought Cardiff was in Ireland'
Carolyn Thorpe, 62, was enjoying a cup of coffee outside a cafe in hiers-brouage. the 20-foot american ash tree toppled and crushed her to death in 2007. her daughter Sarah Wright was also injured by the tree, which was planted 200 years ago to mark the birth of Napoleon I's first son. an investigation after the tragic accident found the tree had been weakened by parasites making it dangerously unstable.
the 36-year-old is seeking $20million in lost future earnings and $15,000 in damages after he contracted the deadly infection in 2013 following a surgery on an ingrown toenail. the lawsuit alleges that the Buccaneers 'failed to disclose and actively concealed ongoing incidents of the infection among other individuals' who used team's facilities. the suit also claims that the team did not use necessary sterile techniques and routinely left therapy devices, equipment and surfaces unclean.
scientists have uncovered the mystery of Mercury's'stealth' colour scheme. steady dusting of carbon from passing comets has slowly painted the planet black over billions of years. scientists have calculated that after billions of years of bombardment, Mercury's surface should be anywhere from three to six percent carbon.
study found women routinely ask for £4,000 less for a typical job. but this widens to up to £10,000 less in more senior industries. on average, women ask for almost a fifth less than men.
recruitment sergeant allegedly raped a woman as he called her a'sweet woman' the woman, now 27, claims she became pregnant before suffering a life-threatening ectopic pregnancy. the divorced father-of-five denies 17 counts of sexual assault, three rapes and one count of assault by penetration.
facebook removed a photo of Timothy Eli Thompson after a pro-life group put it in an ad to promote his story. the social media site has since reversed its decision after public protest and admitted it made a mistake. a post about the removal of the photo by Eli's mother Brandi McGlathery was shared 30,000 times in six hours.
former head of the NHS warns of'substantial financial problem' at heart of the service. 'all parties but labour have signed up,' says sir david nicholson. 'i think it will be helpful for the NHS if labour agree to sign it,' he says. 'they must make sure we are not building on sand but on a stable financial base'
a united airlines regional jet carried her back to the east coast on Thursday from the Omaha, Nebraska airport. her flight was bound for newark, new jersey, the major airport most convenient to her spacious Chappaqua, new york home. her first trip ended with a total of 10 confirmed sightings and more than 1,300 miles driven.
senior doctor accused of inappropriately touching two nurses in 2013. he allegedly squeezed her breast to indicate where her left ventricle was. he then allegedly asked her to see her nipple but she refused. 'he smacked me on the bottom quite hard and said to me, "you bad girl"'
cross-dressing robber entered service station in watervale, victoria, just before 7.30pm on monday. he confronted a female staff member and demanded money from the till. robber pulled out what appeared to be a fake machine gun from a black bag. the terrified shop assistant opened the till to give the robber the cash.
researchers have long known that there is water in the form of ice on Mars. now, new information from the Mars rover Curiosity shows that it is possible that there is liquid water close to the surface of the red planet. the explanation is that the substance perchlorate has been found in the soil, which lowers the freezing point so the water does not freeze into ice.
high-profile vicar attacked plans to sell housing association homes as a 'right to steal' but he is the supposed inspiration for the hero of the BBC church sitcom Rev. he raised eyebrows by publishing frank memoir detailing his rise to fame as half of the famously gay 1980s pop band The Communards.
leo Bernal, 8, was shot in the head as he lay in bed at his home in culver city, california, over the weekend. he was released from the hospital on friday, five days after the shooting. doctors had to open his skull to extract the bullet, leaving him with a partially shaved scalp and 23 staples.
federal prosecutors said Randy Linn drove about two hours from his home in St. Joe, Indiana, to suburban Toledo on September 30, 2012. he broke into the mosque where he poured gasoline on a prayer rug and lit it on fire. 'well again, I’m very sorry for what I did. Hopefully someday you all can forgive me. and yes I don’t like it here, you can tell everyone, that I’m sure will put a smile on everyone face,' he said in
those who frequent dine out or feast on takeaways are more likely to have pre-hypertension. just one extra meal a week raises the odds by six per cent. eating out is associated with higher calorie, saturated fat and salt intake.
the Jane Doe was found in a wooded area in Volusia County, florida, on April 23, 1990. her badly decomposed remains, which consisted mostly just bones, had been there for up to eight weeks before they were discovered. the death was ruled a homicide and the case remains open.
the GR20 trail runs down the mountainous spine of the island. it is the toughest trek in Europe. most of the trails were clearly marked with orange daubs of paint.
the gold Moto 360 is available to pre-order online from O2 on 20 April. any customers making orders before 10pm BST on 20 April will receive the watch on 21 April. it will then go on general sale online and exclusively from O2 stores in the uk on 23 April. the original Moto 360 has a 22mm black leather strap and costs £199. Motorola's Gold version has an 18mm stainless steel band and costs £50 more, at £249.99 - which is £50 cheaper than Apple'
Kevin Morton gave son Kye Backhouse a strong painkiller, court hears. 'i gave him a tablet by mistake that was too strong for him, it's my fault - i have to try and live with it for the rest of my life but it was an accident,' he says. he could now face jail after pleading guilty to manslaughter.
dominika petrinova, 27, was furious after her boyfriend's prank. she glued wax strips to a chair after he told her dog was in washing machine. she then blindfolded her boyfriend and got him to sit on booby-trapped seat. he cried and screamed in pain as he tried to free himself.
Facinet Keita, 31, was representing Guinea in the 2012 London games. he was knocked out by ippon in the qualifying stages of the men's +100kg. he claims he was told he 'would be murdered' if he returned to his native country. his wife has now split from him because she 'couldn't wait for him'
the Kimpton Hotel chain in the us puts a pet goldfish in any guest's room. at the Namale Resort & Spa in Fiji, couples are 'kidnapped' and whisked away for a picnic lunch. at the club hotel & spa in jersey, a sunshine butler is on hand to help make a couple's special day that much better.
home resales recorded a gross loss were at an all time low. only 8.6 percent of homes had recorded a loss. a shocking 32.3 percent had shown properties selling for more than double their original price. the total value of these profit making resales was over $17 billion, three and a half times more than the total of loss-making resales.
Duli Hembrom wrote to the principal of Milan Mithi Uchha Vidyalaya. she failed to convince her parents to call off the wedding, due to take place in two days. 'i do not want to get married, I took an oath at the time of admission that I will not get married before I turn 18,' she wrote.
boxer posted pictures on the app while driving his car in the city of Fremont. the 28-year-old posted the snaps while appearing to be driving his car. the boxer splits his time between his hometown of bolton and the us. but police are yet to say if they will be looking into the snaps.
Countdown co-presenter Rachel Riley was left embarrassed when two contestants came up with the same eight-letter word. host Nick Hewer tried, and failed, to stifle his giggles as a blushing Ms Riley spelt out the word 'erection' luckily celebrity guest Dr Phil Hammond saved the day with nine letter word'recondite'
female agent alleged that she was attending a party with Xavier Morales, her boss, when he said he loved her and wanted to have sex with her. after the two employees returned to the office from the party, Morales, 48, tried to kiss the woman and grabbed her arms when she resisted. the party, held on march 31, was being thrown in Morales' honor to celebrate his recent assignment to head the Louisville Secret Service field office.
more than 1,000 crimes have been created by the coalition in a frenzy of law-making. the legislative splurge is equivalent to introducing a new law for every working day. in the coalition agreement, the tories and lib dems pledged to roll back labour’s ‘state intrusion’, promising a bonfire of pointless powers.
44% of headteachers have vacancies in english, 52% in maths and 50% in science. overall, 86% had 'difficulty' recruiting teachers for core subjects. 65% said they believed recruitment was more difficult than in previous years.
flight from china to addis ababa diverted twice to Mumbai's primary airport. plane departed for Ethiopia at 7:30am but was forced to return due to engine trouble. passengers had to go through customs before being transferred to hotel.
Hizb ut-Tahrir (HT) has reportedly attacked civil activists in Aleppo. HT has a 'big UK support base' including Mohammed 'Jihadi John' Emwazi. HT has been known to recruit members at british universities.
the teenage victim, Cortez Berry, was serving time at the Burruss Correctional Training Center in Forsyth, Georgia, for his role in a 2011 carjacking and robbery. the disturbing image was uploaded to Facebook on friday using a cellphone that had been sneaked into the jail. it shows the 18-year-old Berry hunched down with a swollen eye in front of two shirtless young men, one of whom is holding the leash. two
for more than 2,000 years, invaders have been fighting over glorious Kefalonia. but the present settlers - the Greeks themselves and the odd expat - have stoutly resisted the encroachment of mass tourism. instead of fast-food restaurants you will find charming family-run tavernas.
attorney general sent a memo to DOJ employees reminding them that soliciting prostitutes is against agency rules. a scathing inspector general's report found the DEA had mishandled allegations ten agents had sex parties with prostitutes. the memo said: 'the solicitation of prostitution threatens the core mission of the Department'
unusual 'apocalyptic' dust storm, known in Arabic as a haboob, struck Belarus, turning day to night. china has suffered four massive sandstorms since the start of the year.
the virulent strain in question is the H5N2, a highly contagious virus that kills commercial poultry quickly once it gets into a barn. but the risk to the public is considered low and infected birds are being kept out of the food supply. so far, only two egg operations have been hit — the one in Iowa and one in Wisconsin.
surrender order was sent by german president Karl Doenitz on may 8, 1945. it was found on the chief of the Luftwaffe when he was arrested that day. doenitz had been Hitler's choice to replace him as leader of the nazis. but a week later, amid a crumbling and defeated Reich, he met with Allied commanders to sign the instrument of surrender.
at launch of manifesto, lib dems will vow to protect entire education budget. Unlike tories and labour plans, spending would rise per pupil. an extra 460,000 schoolchildren expected in the next five years.
arlette Ricci, 74, was 'particularly determined' to stash money in Swiss accounts. she denied hiding the equivalent of more than £15million, saying she had simply tried to avoid tax – which is legal – rather than evade it. but bugged phone conversations between the heiress and her daughter suggested otherwise.
a raft of new 'enhanced' water products have been launched. birch water is made from the sap of silver birch trees. infused water contains saponins which help your body absorb less fat.
sofinar gourian, popularly known as 'Safinaz', fined £15,000 after being found guilty. she is expected to avoid jail time, however, after paying £10,000 bail.
the 22-year-old said she kneed Jason Lee, an ex-Goldman Sachs managing director, in the groin during the struggle. he forced her onto the floor whilst naked in the bathroom of his $35,000 a month rented mansion. she sobbed and said she was left in a state of 'disbelief' and begged her friends to take her home because she felt that it was her fault.
asked who taught Malia how to drive, first lady Michelle Obama told celebrity chef and daytime talk-show host Rachael Ray that it was the armed agents who provide around-the-clock security for the family. 'the Secret Service, actually, because they wouldn't let me in the car with her,' she said.
Bradley Dew, 26, had been drinking with his friend at a pub in Faversham, Kent. he had borrowed his mobile but returned to his friend's home, claiming he had lost it on a train after returning from Herne Bay. as the friend said he was about to go out with his girlfriend, he pushed him back into a wall before striking him across the face. he then stole £10 out of his wallet, and was found hiding in the toilets of a pub
Tara and Gavin Hills, from Kanata, canada, have been anti-vaxxers for six years. but their seven children came down with whooping cough on the morning of April 2. they were partially vaccinated, but the four youngest kids got no shots. they remain in quarantine and are being treated with antibiotics.
law enforcement were called to the Beverly Hills hotel at approximately 1:30am where the 50-year-old reality star was hanging out at the Polo Lounge. at some point after midnight a bartender at The Polo Lounge refused to serve the reality star after she'd had a few too many vodka tonics. the mother-of-four became angry and reportedly shouted 'Don't you know who I am?'
an account purporting to be 2UE in Sydney sent out a tweet on Thursday morning. it appears to have come from a disgruntled former employee. the hashtag was in reference to the station's former newsreader Steve Blanda. last week the 90-year-old radio station broadcast its last ever bulletin out of the Sydney office, following a merger with rival station 2GB.
Annabel Beam, now 12, fell 30ft headfirst into hollowed-out cottonwood tree. mother, Christy, 42, believes she 'went to heaven and sat in Jesus's lap' she survived with only bumps and bruises and woke miraculously cured of illness. for first time in her life, she can eat solid food - and her mother thinks her brush with Jesus is the reason why.
the 29-year-old radiated health thanks to a bronze glow as she laughed with friends leaving an art gallery in mayfair. it's the second night out this week for the party girl, who was seen laughing and joking with friend, Irene Forte, at the opening of new restaurant, The Ivy.
operation Xeres will focus on allegations relating to abuse at Skegby Hall. it will also look into nine other centres where children were said to have been physically or sexually abused. three of the 23 allegations relate to a former youth detention centre.
Naz Shah, a mother-of-three from Bradford, has previously told how she was forced into marriage age 15. but Mr Galloway's Respect party claims to have evidence she married in 1990, when she was 16 and a half. he produced a nikah, or Pakistani marriage certificate, at a hustings on tuesday night. ms Shah has now hit back, saying there are two copies of her Nikah.
for a meager $862,000, its gargoyles, endless balconies and ornate fountains can be yours with which to carry on the eccentric torch of quirky Indy celebrity Jerry A. Hostetler. it sprang from inimitable Hostetler's imagination after he went from 24-year-old pimp known to police as Mr. Big to a local construction mini-magnate. now, as it sits largely unoccupied, it's a cause for
the island is known for its zesty spices and self-sufficiency. the only food it imports is milk.
phobia expert says it's possible to have a reaction to a politician or person you fundamentally disagree with. phobia expert says it's possible to have a reaction to a politician or person you fundamentally disagree with.
Waverley mayor Sally Betts wrote a glowing reference for convicted rapist. she is now developing 'a new risky behaviour education program' for young women. the councillor is reportedly developing the program alongside WAYS and the police.
up to 100 teachers could be banned from working in schools for life. watchdog is looking at possible disciplinary cases against current and former staff members at some schools in Birmingham where extremist Islamic views were being forced on pupils and staff. this includes allegations an al-Qaeda style video featuring masked gunmen was copied in a classroom and teachers punished pupils by making them kneel on tiles. more than 50 teachers - called the Park View Brotherhood - alleged exchanged as many as 3,000 messages in a WhatsApp group which
authorities said in a news release Thursday that 49-year-old Thomas K. Jenkins of Capitol Heights, Maryland, was arrested last month by deputies with the Prince George's County Sheriff's Office. from September 2014 to February 2015, Jenkins allegedly carried out 18 commercial robberies in Dover, Delaware. they are: Maple Dale Country Club. Manlove Auto Parts. Sovereign Properties. Manlove Auto Parts. Sovereign Properties. Sovere
a 3.6m tall statue would be erected in the town of Nyngan in western new south wales. it would show a 'bloke' wearing shorts, thongs and a singlet with a fishing rod and a tuckerbox. locals and visitors would also be able to sit on it and take photographs. the term 'bogan' has a number of negative connotations for australians.
a new generation of suncreams promise to protect against the damage from infra-red A rays. others say they protect the skin from the inside. here, consultant dermatologist bav shergill gives his verdict.
the woman - who identified herself later as Josephine Witt - yelled 'End the ECB dictatorship!' before being bundled off by two heavyset guards. a third threw himself in front of the ECB boss.
a new york-based documentary photographer has spent three years traveling the u.s. photographing and interviewing gay veterans and servicemen to share their stories of suppression, sadness and silence in a moving photo essay. Vincent Cianni, 63, said he embarked on the project, Gays in the Military, to better understand why homosexuals would enlist in the military. he said he couldn't understand why anyone would join the military, much less why gay people would join the organization that shun
the classic English pastry is the perfect accompaniment to a creamy latte. espressos are best paired with chocolate truffles or mini raspberry coulis. flat whites are best accompanied by a blueberry muffin.
father branded leader of a satanic cult who trafficked of children into the uk. he was accused of abusing his own children and drinking blood of babies. he now hopes to win custody of his children, who are eight and nine. police hunting for Ella Draper and her partner, who may have fled abroad.
dozens of payday lenders will be wiped out by tougher rules designed to protect customers, experts have predicted. comes as Wonga revealed it racked up a £37.3million loss last year. it follows a significant reduction in consumer lending while it attempts to clean up its tarnished image.
global watchdog said state will spend more on public services than it raises in tax. projection underlines how hard it will be for next government to eliminate deficit. the country's annual deficit hit a record £153billion under labour in 2009-10.
Julie Bishop, 58, was in Perth over the Easter holidays to meet the wives and partners of SAS members. a spokesperson for the foreign minister told daily mail australia she 'wore one of his friend's designs'
if Kellie Cherie Phillips, 38, and Jondrew Megil Lachaux, a 39-year-old ex-convict, aren't in Nevada, they may be in the Los Angeles or Oakland, California, areas. a 9-year-old girl and four boys ranging in age from 1 to 8 years old were believed to be with them. a 4-month-old girl was so badly neglected by her 17-year-old mother that the child was hospitalized in
Sonia pereiro-Mendez claims she was denied millions in pay and bonuses. she was'mocked' and subjected to 'gratuitous derogatory' comments, she alleges. so in an attempt to prove her claim, she recorded managers 'without their knowledge'
the family of Joseph goebbels is suing a publisher for royalties over a biography. it used extracts from his diaries for a biography called goebbels. the dispute comes after a leading authority on the Holocaust and Nazi Germany drew on the diaries for the biography. the english edition of the biography, which includes the same entries, is due to be published by Penguin Random House UK and its imprint The Bodley Head on may 7.
freight train carrying dangerous form of ammonia derailed on friday night. derailed after apparently hitting a tree that had fallen onto the tracks. caused up to 15 cars to overturn and leak, sparking 1.5-mile evacuation. locals told to gather at Mount Canaan Baptist Church on friday night.
the home office said it was not in the public interest for him to have a passport because he is seen as a terror risk. a letter says that Brooks, also known as Abu Izzadeen, is an extremist linked to members of the banned group al muhajiroun.
the UK clocked up growth of 2.8% in 2014 – the strongest in the group of seven. this was seven times higher than France’s 0.41%. it is expected to cement its position in the coming years as one of the fastest growing major economies in the west.
Anthony Mann, 78, sat quietly sobbing in the dock as he listened to details. he plunged a kitchen knife into his wife's chest in a moment of impulse. he was given a two year suspended sentence after he appeared today.
mother-of-13 Annegret Raunigk, 65, is due to give birth to quadruplets in weeks. mother-of-13 already has 13 children and is due to retire this year. she is in 21st week of pregnancy after being artificially inseminated.
the prime minister will be absent when he and four other party leaders take part in the televised showdown. he agreed to just one confrontation with his rival in the race for number 10. accused the pm of 'ducking' the chance to defend his record in government.
five-month-old Tuah was revealed to the public on Saturday, with visitors lining up around the ape building to catch their first glimpse. a baby orangutan instinctively clings to his mother's fur while she builds nests and scavenges for food.
pret a manger's new concept is called 'Good Evenings' and runs from 6pm until 11pm every night. diners can enjoy their meals along with a selection of wines and craft beers as atmospheric jazz wafts from the speakers. 'if [customers] come in and say “we’re in a real hurry we’ve only got 20 minutes” we tell them they’ve got plenty of time to order, sit down and have their meal,' says chef.
german Chancellor angela Merkel among 1,500 attending touching service. small wooden angels placed on pews to comfort 500 bereaved relatives. flags flown at half-mast across country as political and religious leaders join hundreds of bereaved relatives in historic city. 'we're being confronted with disturbing act of destruction,' german president says.
a two-metre south american boa constrictor is on the loose on the gold coast. police mistakenly believed it was a harmless python and set it free. snake catcher says if it has Inclusion body disease 'it can be unbelievably contagious if that gets loose in australia'.
convicted murderer William Beggs murdered and dismembered his teenage victim. the 54-year-old is serving a life sentence for raping, murdering and dismembering Barry Wallace, 18, in 1999. the teenager's limbs and torso were found in Loch Lomond and his head was dumped in the sea off the ayrshire coast. screamed in pain as boiling water was thrown over his face and hands.
cannabis plants contain more than 60 unique compounds called cannabinoids. two of the most common compounds are tetrahydrocannabinol (THC) - the psychoactive chemical that produces the cannabis high - and cannabidiol (CBD) hemp is legally refined in industrial factories for products such as hemp seed foods, hemp oil, wax, resin, rope, cloth, paper, and fuel.
despite being home to the royal family and an eye-­catching parliament, the Hague was classed as a village until Louis Bonaparte (napoleon's brother and king of Holland) set up here in 1806. it is home to one of the cornerstones of european art - Vermeer's 'Dutch Mona Lisa'
the gossip site alleged that the celebrity chef, 50, has been seeing his assistant, 28-year-old Elyse Tirrel, for three years. a friend of March told Page Six that she learned of the affair just after Thanksgiving 2014. the celebrity chef filed for divorce from March, 40, earlier this month.
siti Zainab was sentenced to death in 1999 after confessing to stabbing her employer who allegedly mistreated her to death. she was on death row for over 15 years while authorities waited for the victim's youngest child to reach adulthood. her family and officials were not given adequate notice or information before she was executed.
3 out of 4 people have little or no knowledge about the Battle of Waterloo. only 53% know the Duke of Wellington led the British forces. one in seven believe that it was the French who were victorious in 1815.
mosaic, pieced together by the german aerospace center (DLR), comprises 1.4 million square miles (2.3 million square km) of the surface. it covers the vast crater-strewn highland region of the red planet, parts of the Ares Vallis outflow channel, the chaotic Aram Chaos region as well as the Meridiani Planum and Chryse Planitia plains. map allows astronomers to'stand' on planetary surfaces and could help explain how water and
766 violent anti-Semitic acts were carried out around the world last year. 2014 was the worst year for such attacks since 2009, study says. cited 'alarming reports especially from western Europe and north america'
experts say women are abandoning diamond ring in favour of more exotic gems. demand has seen value of some coloured stones increase by 2,000 per cent. celebrities such as Kate middleton have driven the craze. beyonce, Naomi Watts, Rosamund Pike and mila Kunis have also flashed coloured gems on the red carpet.
Scott, 50, and Pierre Fulton, his friend of several years, were heading to Scott's house on April 4 for a cookout. but as they returned home, their car was pulled over for a broken tail light. as he ran away, officer michael slager shot him multiple times, killing him. a passerby captured a video of Slager firing eight shots at Scott.
Rachel Simpson, 15, has a one-in-a-million genetic condition which doctors say will eventually give her cancer if untreated. the rest of the family, from Heysham, near Lancaster, are now waiting on tests which could reveal who else has the faulty gene. the gene is important in the production of blood cells, and the disorder means a sufferer's blood count might be low, making them more vulnerable to infection. Alternatively, the blood cells might be abnormal, leading to leukaemia
the rare formation appeared over a commuter rail station on long island. it appears to be formed of two double rainbows next to each other.
the 31-year-old boasted of tucking into the delicacy at the Juvet Landscape hotel in north-west norway. the hunting and importation of whale meat is banned in Britain, as it is in most parts of the world, by both the international whaling commission and by the international wildlife convention CITES. but Norway exploits legal loopholes that allow it to opt out of regulations.
ukip leader said he was 'jealous' of how to reverse greying process. after clashing at last week's televised leaders debate, he said he had shaken Mr Cameron’s hand and ‘complimented him on his appearance’.
officers from Scotland Yard's Flying Squad released images of three suspects. but they refused to release an image of the supposed ringleader because he has already been identified. criminologist noticed'startling similarities' between the raid and crime novel. based on real-life bank robbers dubbed 'the hole in the ground' who struck three vaults in los angeles in 1986 and 1987.
reserve deputy, 73, became emotional as he apologized to the family of the man he shot dead on April 2. he said: 'i rate this as number one on my list of things in my life that I regret... I still can't believe it happened'.
the £260,000 GT will be unrolled across Europe next year. it will run alongside the £260,000 lamborghini aventador. the sculpture was unveiled in the heart of Milan as part of design week.
girl, who attends school in San Dimas, is target of disturbing posts. pictures show her unobscured face, accompanied by threatening messages. one says: 'that smile! I can't wait till its [sic] just blood and tears' deputies from the sheriff's department are helping to guard the girl.
Amanda Lukoff, from Arlington, Virginia, teamed up with her husband Danny Egan for their film The R-Word, which is in pre-production while they try to raise $200,000. the director and producer, who was inspired to create the movie by her sister Gabrielle, has already signed on cast members including Scrubs actor John C. McGinley and Glee actress Lauren Potter.
fight broke out outside Roches Family hotel in Grafton on friday night. eye-witnesses said two girls brawled on the streets before it spilled out. police confirmed they attended the scene but no one made a formal complaint.
the paraglider was swept into a garage door by a strong wind on monday. the 22-year-old left behind a fiance and a nine-week-old daughter. he posted pictures of himself in the air in february with his paramotor.
builder, 30, from Tamworth, plundered pensioner's life savings. he spent £28,500 on trips to the snowdome and in shops such as argos. he even persuaded his victim to change her will so he could reap benefits. he then secretly took out two life insurance policies, both of which named him as the beneficiary.
mother of jihadi bride urges her daughter to return to the uk. dare, 22, was born in Nigeria but emigrated to the uk as a child. she was originally christened 'Grace' but changed her name after attending services at a mosque linked to the killers. she is notorious for threatening to be the first woman to behead a westerner.
the driver of the 1991 Ferrari 348 smashed into a tree in the Adelaide suburb of North Brighton. the male passenger suffered head and leg injuries. despite the driver coming out of the accident unscathed, the male passenger suffered head and leg injuries.
39 criminals have been awol from the 500-inmate prison in arundel, scotland. one of the escapees is violent killer Robert donovan, 57. his disappearance only emerged last year, four years after he walked out. murderer Derek Passmore, who beat to death a disabled man in 1996, is still at large.
health reforms include fining agencies employing models with a BMI under 18 and criminalising pro-anorexia web content. some have been hailing the legislation as a 'crackdown on anorexia' but the laws may be unlikely to have any such effect.
Iona Costello, 51, and daughter Emily were last seen on march 30. their car was found in a parking garage on 42nd street in Manhattan. but the pair left no other trace of their whereabouts. their stepson, 45, was visiting Hamptons Bay, new york, at the time. he has a long history of drug arrests and is currently in jail in florida.
university of Cologne scientist led research proposing a new theory. it suggests temperatures at Earth's equator were -40°C (-40°F) 2.4 billion years ago. the reasons why the whole planet was frozen are not understood. but it could have implications for finding life on frozen moons like Europa. a frozen planet that is circling just one of a pair of stars could improve the chances of finding alien life.
almost half of 1,000 companies said they are less inclined to recruit an applicant if they are obese or overweight. overweight workers 'are unable to play a full role in the business' 'they're lazy' and 'wouldn't be able to do the job required', research shows. findings come in wake of a court case brought by unions and lawyers on behalf of 25st childminder Karsten Kaltoft, 50.
actor, 89, is selling off more than 200 items he has collected over his career. he is also selling paintings, furniture, swords, flintlock rifles, silverware and a fine collection of crystal chandeliers.
non-dom status allows wealthy foreigners to lower their tax bills. but he is effectively proposing a time limit of between two and five years. labour aides suggested this would raise as much as £1billion. but it's claimed the announcement has already had a negative impact.
despite restrictions of local religious laws, the champagne-fuelled party life has come to define Dubai as a holiday destination. in recent times, the place has attracted more unlikely visitors - A-listers including Emily Blunt, Cate Blanchett, Lily Allen and Karl Lagerfeld.
Joshua Van Haften, 34, of Madison, was arrested at O'Hare International Airport in Chicago on Wednesday after returning on a flight from turkey. he has now been charged in a criminal complaint with attempting to provide material support to a foreign terrorist organization. the complaint alleges that van haften talked to people about his plan before leaving the united states in august for Istanbul.
ministry of defence 1, also known as ‘Churchill’s Toyshop’, was a weapons laboratory set up in 1939 by Winston Churchill. he encouraged his scientists to trial even the most absurd of inventions. some were so successful that they played a vital role in ending world war two.
Lloyd Byfield pursued a relationship with 26-year-old leighann duffy. he armed himself with a claw hammer and a large red handled kitchen knife. he burst into her flat in Walthamstow, east London, on September 1 last year. after pleading guilty to murder, he was sentenced to life with a minimum term of 26-and-a-half years by judge Nicholas Cooke.
the trackYourDose app was developed by german firm esooka. it uses a mathematical model developed by scientists and meteorologists. the £1.49 ($1.99) app keeps a record of a user's personal radiation. this includes exposure from changes in a person's location and flights. it can measure all the relevant types of radiation, in particular neutron radiation produced in the atmosphere.
workers at the most visited paid monument in the world have joined the walkout. strike follows action by french air traffic controllers which involved a two-day walkout starting yesterday. at €15.50 (£11.25) a ticket, closure will cost Paris tourism almost €387,500 (£280,000)
tourists are pointed to toilets, GPs and an abattoir in the town of Dornoch. the bizarre sign caused an online stir after it was posted on twitter. it was retweeted by a crime writer and has since been demolished.
Emily Reay, 17, is a pupil at Trinity School in Carlisle, cumbria. she claims she has sported the same colour of hair for the last three years. but on her return to lessons she claims she was ordered to tone it down. she says she is banned from lessons until she changes her hair colour.
sex parties with prostitutes may have been staged by drug lords in Colombia to elicit sensitive information. a congressional committee will investigate the claims, a spokeswoman for the republican majority at the house committee on oversight and government reform said today. the DEA declined to comment today on the reports by CBS and CNN Leonhart, who has run the agency since 2007, was expected to resign soon.
Mohamed Badie and 13 other defendants were handed their sentences. 37 people, including an american-egyptian citizen, were jailed for life. they were found guilty of plotting unrest in the months after the military overthrew Islamist president Mohamed Morsi in July 2013.
Glenna Kohl of Barnstable spent years in the sun as a Cape Cod lifeguard and countless hours laying in indoor tanning beds while at college. she was diagnosed with melanoma just after graduating from a Rhode Island college in 2005. three years later, at just 26 years old, she would be dead after a painful cancer battle. now, her parents want the world to know the very real dangers posed by tanning even to the very young.
the body-building community is in shock after the premature death of celebrated competitor Phil Primmer, who reportedly died after collapsing on Thursday. the Darwin man, aged just 42, had reportedly just been to see a doctor to seek treatment for neck pain when he died. he was given CPR but it was too late by the time emergency services arrived, reportedly to the gym he owned. the chiselled competitor leaves behind his wife and two children, including son Shannan and his
the figure is made up of $2.8bn resulting from false-positive mammograms and $1.2bn attributed to breast cancer overdiagnosis. breast cancer is the second most common cause of death from cancer among american women, claiming nearly 41,000 lives a year.
the pm said voters were not ‘fully sure’ about the Tories at the last election. he said he only needed 23 seats to win a majority at the next election. but he claimed voters would back the party this time if he falls short.
six soldiers were buried with full military honours in a ceremony in flanders fields, belgium, this morning. their graves will be labelled as 'Known Unto God' - a description chosen by author Rudyard Kipling. bodies were discovered in a farmer's field in 2008 and 2010.
landlord lorenzo Simon, 34, forced victim to decorate his flat before attacking him. he then dismembered him and put his body parts and tools into two suitcases. he then threw the suitcases into a canal which they weighed down using concrete slabs. today he was found guilty of murder after a jury took 15 hours to decide. his girlfriend was cleared of murder but admitted assisting an offender.
the acai berry is a rich purple fruit indigenous to the amazon rainforest. for hundreds of years, the berries have been integral to the diet of native amazonian people. the berries taste like blueberries and dark chocolate, with a distinctly earthy aftertaste.
mandy Dunford, 54, was followed around her farm in the north Yorkshire moors by 67-year-old Kenneth Ward, naked apart from socks and boots. the military historian even performed sex acts in front of her. he was jailed for five years in 2011 after admitting 11 counts of exposure and numerous firearms offences. a judge at Teesside crown court also imposed a sexual offences prevention order, banning the flasher from being within 200 metres of miss
'we have disagreements on several issues on the. international agenda,' he said. relations between Moscow and Washington, and other. Western powers, have soured over the conflict in Russia's. neighbor Ukraine, sinking to an all-time low.
helicopter cameras caught a swarm of cops beating up 30-year-old Francis Pusok more than 80 times on tuesday. he fled his house in southern california after deputies showed up to arrest him on identity theft charges. at the end of the chase, two deputies hit him with a taser and he fell to the ground. he claims he was handcuffed for '99 per cent' of the
fruit juices made from superfoods such as cranberries and pomegranates have more sugar than a can of cola. local government association accuses soft drink firms of 'dragging their heels' when it comes to minimising sugar in their products.
Timothy Eli Thompson was born premature on march 4 without any nasal passages or sinus cavities, a condition so rare it only has a one in 197 million chance of happening. his mom Brandi McGlathery said facebook removed a photo of her son a pro-life group tried to post to promote his story. the story was shared 30,000 times in six hours and the ban was lifted after complaints.
Nasa scientists in California have released new images of Ceres. they were taken by the Dawn spacecraft from a distance of 21,000 miles (33,000km) the spacecraft is beginning to move closer and closer to Ceres. and it will soon study the whole planet - including its mystery bright spots. this is the first time a spacecraft has orbited a dwarf planet. but the images have not yet revealed what the 'bright spots' are.
gemma redhead, 33, was repeatedly raped by her former partner, Philip Kirby. she endured eight years of violence at the hands of bullying Kirby. he refused to acknowledge the end of their relationship and begged her to take him back. after he was released from prison, he defied a restraining order to phone her. the call'reawakened all of the fear and terror of the attack', she said.
rosemary Taylor, communications director of city of Brookhaven, fired. allegedly stopped photo shoot with model Dominique Jackson, 18, and model Khamlee Vongvone, 19, and said they were 'not the image I want for the city' after witnessing photographer capture a test shot, she reportedly went over to him. she reportedly told him: 'this is not the image i want for the city of Brookhaven' girls' mouths 'dropped' and they were asked to leave
researchers reviewed 20 different studies of penis size, including 15,521 measurements of penises from around the world. most men fall within just a couple of centimetres of each other, with most measuring around 5.2 inches in length when erect.
non-dom status allows people living and working in the uk to only pay tax on their UK income, but not earnings from overseas. but non-dom tests 'are not very rigorous' and can be granted to people who have a burial plot or property abroad. but it emerged labour would allow'real temporary residents' to take advantage of the rules - with the time limit to be consulted on should they take power.
eighteen-month-old boy pulled a rice cooker brimming with boiling water down on his head, burning deep scars into his face and leaving him almost blind. a crack team of surgeons from the australian charity, Interplast, worked last march to save the sight of little baby Seng, from laos. Turia was deeply moved by the plight of the baby with big, brown eyes. if she lived in a country like Seng's, she wouldn't
a reserve deputy, 73, pleaded not guilty to second-degree manslaughter in the death of Eric Harris earlier this month. the retired insurance executive, who is out on $25,000 bond, is allowed to take a previously planned vacation to the Bahamas. 'whether intended or not, Mr. Bates' vacationing in the Bahamas sends a message of apathy with respect to the shooting and Eric's life,' the family said.
in just eight weeks, the actress has worn more than £300,000 worth of frocks, shoes and jewellery designed by the glitziest names in fashion. from £3,000 Jimmy Choo shoes to a £35,000 gown and a £40,000 necklace, Claudia Connell and Eliza Scarborough reveal how her wardrobe would be a stretch even for prince charming’s bulging wallet.
elite troops called in from Nairobi to aid in the pre-dawn massacre. but soldiers did not arrive until just before 2pm, local media claim. one of the four gunmen responsible has been identified as a lawyer son of a government official.
'doggy bags' allow customers to bring leftover meal home with them. a change in attitudes could save the country up to €20 billion a year. 1.3 billion tons of food is wasted globally each year.
the 28-year-old is a sideline reporter for ESPN based in Washington, D.C. she has been suspended from the network for a week and could face further punishment. in a self-aggrandizing rant, she tells her readers she is 'taking a stand' against'sexist' commercials that focus on 'appearance alone'
the five bedroom, five bathroom apartment boasts two spacious reception rooms, a study and a state-of-the-art kitchen and breakfast room. it is a short walk from Harrods in exclusive knightsbridge. the property, in the same building where she lived, boasts views of beautiful private gardens.
'if it pleases the fans of the old movies and appeals to kids, watch out,' box-office analyst Phil Contrino told the publication. 'if it's really good, it could cross $2 billion,' he said.
three burglars, two men and one woman, broke into a home in the mid-afternoon. they can be seen peeking and tip-toeing around as they walk through the living room of the empty home and disappear into what appears to be a hallway. one suspect stares directly into the surveillance camera and realizes he's being filmed. the boy immediately ducks and then hits the camera over, but not before it was able to capture a visual of his face.
Robert Penny, 83, of malvern east, appeared briefly at Melbourne Magistrates court on Monday. he is charged with murdering Claire Acocks and his wife Margaret in 1991. the women were found badly beaten, repeatedly stabbed, with their throats cut and wrapped in black hair wraps.
the millionaire pleaded not guilty to a federal charge of possessing a gun after a felony conviction. he also faces a murder charge in California and two state weapons charges in Louisiana - one of possessing a.38-caliber revolver after a felony conviction and one of possessing the firearm along with an illegal drug: about 5 ounces of marijuana. he pleaded guilty to two federal charges in 2004: possessing a firearm while a fugitive
pm was speaking in an almost empty science park on the city's outskirts. he arrived at the Bristol and Bath science park at 4.40pm. he apparently ate a hot dog while he was there.
Timothy Rogalski, 30, called the school on Tuesday morning and left four messages on its office answerphone. the fifth time he called, he spoke to an administrative assistant. in the calls, the 30-year-old accused staff of being behind the 2012 shooting that left 20 children and six female educators dead. authorities traced the calls back to the home he shares with his father, about 40 miles from where the 2012 attack unfolded.
study found buyers must now increasingly treat asking prices as a starting point for negotiations as sellers demand silly prices. while average sale prices are about £207,000 in the uk, advertised asking prices are typically £74,000 higher at £281,000. online estate agent eMoov said many sellers still believed they were selling at the market’s peak.
seven of Slager's fellow cops responded to his call forback-up after the shooting - as handcuffed Walter Scott lay dead or dying with five bullet wounds to the back. the fact that his wounds were to the back do not feature in subsequent accounts of the shooting given to the media. officers also told an internal report that they gave Scott CPR, but the video only shows them checking his pulse and standing over his body. one officer is also present when Slager picks up an object - allegedly
Iona Costello, 51, and her 14-year-old daughter Emily were last seen on march 30 near their home in the wealthy seaside village of Greenport. their car was found in a parking garage on 42nd street in Manhattan, but the pair left no other trace of their whereabouts. relatives of the family, who own a horse farm on Long Island's north fork, reported them missing on Tuesday.
the 78-year-old was just 17 years old at the time of the raunchy 1955 shoot. she was on the cover of a top-shelf lads' mag, Span.
the question, 'So when is Cheryl’s birthday?' was one of 25 questions set in the Singapore and Asian Schools Math Olympiad. it was designed for 14-year-olds who wanted to know when her birthday is. Cheryl gives them a list of 10 possible dates: may 15, may 16, may 19, June 17, June 18, July 14, July 16, August 14, August 15 and August 17.
property prices are predicted to fall by up to 10 per cent in some states. economists predict population growth will slow to 1.25 per cent over the next three years due to low birth rates, high death rates and falling net migration. this is significantly lower than widely-used Australian Bureau of Statistics population predictions of between 1.7 and 1.8 per cent. this will create an oversupply and see property prices fall by between 5 and 10 per cent in markets where construction supply has been strong.
suzy Howlett, 54, specialises in teaching foreign-born children english. husband and wife team Derek Tanswell and Sharon Snook claim it is dirty tricks campaign.
bookmakers have slashed odds on name being chosen for second royal baby. follows success of part-time jockey and duchess of cambridge's friend. he helped couple rekindle their romance during brief split in 2007.
self-confessed atheist labour leader visited a Christian group in Croydon. he bowed his head while church leaders 'put their hands forward towards him' last year he described himself as a 'Jewish atheist' but all party leaders are now trying to reach religious groups.
Charlie Kwentus, 42, from Webster Groves, Missouri, was granted his dying wish by the Annie's Hope Bereavement Center for Kids. the charity provided all of his family with star treatment for the day, with black tie makeovers and a limousine included.
prime minister says he will amend working times regulations. for three days people can volunteer or serve as a school governor. but business leaders criticise the move as 'heavy-handed government intervention'
Keith Boudreau, 42, of Quincy, was pronounced dead on friday morning following the march 23 attack where he was knocked to the ground and had his head stomped on. he was taken to hospital with life-threatening injuries following the attack and was removed from life support on monday. on Wednesday, Paul Fahey, 43, was arraigned on assault and battery charges, and pleaded not guilty. a vigil was held from him in the evening at the location
author Peter Schweizer claims that the Clintons favored donors to swell the coffers of the family foundation. he also claims that some of the big-money deals 'put millions in their own pockets'
latika Bourke was born in an orphanage in the slums of india. she was adopted from india and started a new life in the Lucky Country as an eight month old baby. she watched the movie Slumdog Millionaire which changed her life forever. it took her three years to make it to india in 2012 and she has been every year since. she admits to being 'absolutely obsessed' with her mother country.
the stormy weather system, formed in the Tasman sea, hasn't hit NSW this strong since 2007 and is expected to be one of the longest lasting ever. gales or storm force winds can damage buildings, fell trees and powerlines, cause powerful surf that can damage the coast and run ships aground. on Monday night 24 Sydney suburbs incurred 100mm of rainfall, with Blacktown hit hardest. an estimated 100,000 homes are without power on Tuesday morning across Sydney, the Central Coast and Hunter region.
Xiao Ying, 17, dumped her newborn child in a factory toilet after giving birth. the baby boy was found in the female toilets of a shoe factory in wenzhou. a cleaner found the child in the femaie toilets he was 'icy cold'. Ying said she was afraid to tell her parents she was pregnant. the father of the child said they could not keep the baby.
Flow VR provides passengers with a virtual image of the horizon that mimics the movements of the aircraft. this can help to combat the conflict between the information coming from a person's eyes and their sense of balance in the inner ear, which can lead to travel sickness. the system, designed by in-flight entertainment company Flow IFE, can also present travellers with high quality images of their destination that replicate the time of day.
Patrick Randall was 16 in may 1990 when he held a knife to Gregory Smart's throat as his friend Billy Flynn, shot him in the head. Flynn was Pamela Smart's then-16-year-old lover and shot her husband dead at her request. now 41, Randall won parole Thursday at his first hearing - he won't be released until after June 4.
residents living yards from the heist say they were hit by 'peculiar' power cuts. claim to have heard 'drilling' noises on the night of good friday. but thought at the time that this was just a continuation of road works. it has also been alleged that thieves returned a day after heist to steal more loot.
angelo west, 41, immediately jumps out of the car and shoots officer John Moynihan, 34, under the eye at close range after the policeman opened the driver-side door. the video shows the beginning of the shootout that led to officers firing the fatal shots that killed west.
Robin, now 73, was diagnosed with type 2 diabetes by chance in 1999. he shot to fame in the seventies as the original dashing hero Ross Poldark. at the time he was as much a heart throb as aidan Turner, star of the hugely successful BBC remake of the cornish epic that concludes on Sunday.
trees were wheeled into Dunblane cathedral earlier today ahead of the nuptials. decorations first seen at the royal wedding in 2011 when trees lined the aisle at the end of each pew in Westminster Abbey. residents of the town have been lining streets with bunting and creating special-themed produce.
Kealeigh-Anne Woolley was just seven months old when she was shaken. spent most of her life in a wheelchair and could only eat through a tube. was subjected to violent treatment by her mother's 28-year-old boyfriend. he was jailed for three years and two months at Birmingham crown court.
the unidentified concert-goer was photographed wearing a shirt emblazoned with the words 'eat sleeprape repeat' at the festival held in Indio, California. the shirt is thought to be a play on the fatboy slim song 'eat sleep rave repeat', which was released in 2013.
the next wave of passwords will be edible, ingestible or injectable. they will remove the need for what he called ‘antiquated’ ways of confirming your identity, such as fingerprint scanning. he said that passwords as they are now were not working and that users need to ‘harden it with something physical behind it’. other possibilities include silicon chips which are put under the skin and ‘wearable computer tattoos’ which send information via a wireless connection.
Lisa Morgan, 40, altered the top of the world  roofing website. she had set it up for her ex-boyfriend to claim he had been unfaithful. visitors to the site are told it has 'ceased trading at present'.
conrad Clitheroe, 54, is in a cell with friends Gary Cooper and Neil Munro. but his wife says he has run out of blood pressure medication. she claims guards 'don't care' and she has asked the consulate to help. they were arrested in february for writing down aircraft registration numbers.
deah Shaddy Barakat, 23, his wife, 21-year-old Yusor Mohammad Abu-Salha; and her sister, 19-year-old Razan Mohammad Abu-Salha were gunned down on february 10. a superior court judge ruled on Monday that prosecutors had two aggravating factors and that Craig Hicks is 'death penalty qualified'.
more than 13,000 twins aged nine to 16 took part in the research. psychologists from goldsmiths university of London and Ohio state university studied more than 13,000 twins aged nine to 16 from six countries. they found that 40 to 50 per cent of the differences in children’s motivation to learn could be explained by their genetic inheritance from their parents. genetics and non-shared-environment factors were found to have the largest effect on the children’s motivation to learn, whereas the shared environment had negligible impact
exam board officials yesterday unveiled a draft syllabus for 14 to 16-year-olds. they said it would ‘make content more contemporary’. some students will be asked to study a review of a gritty 15-rated foreign film. others will look at Spanish tweets on the Olympic games.
a 21-year-old man with depression has made the most heartbreaking final goodbye video to his family before taking his own life. he tells them not to blame themselves and reassuring them there is nothing they could have done to stop him taking his own life. the heartbreaking video is part of a petition to call for more beds for suicidal youths in hospitals.
the 2.5 metre bronze whaler swam around in only a few feet of water. children could be heard chatting and laughing happily on the shore. shark sightings have become commonplace around the new zealand coastline.
the former first lady and her husband, former Gov. Bob McDonnell, were convicted in a joint trial in September of accepting more than $165,000 in gifts and loans from former star scientific Inc. CEO Jonnie Williams. among the gifts were almost $20,000 worth of designer clothing and accessories for Maureen McDonnell, vacations, golf outings and $15,000 for a daughter's wedding. a six-week jury trial exposed details of the McDonnells' strained marriage, and detailed the loans and gifts they
Ralph Cramer, 70, and his wife, Lynn, 59, were returning home from the Creekside Café in Mount Joy at about 9 p.m. on Sunday. the vehicle left the road, flipped over and landed upside-down in a ditch. it was not immediately known who was driving or if the couple had worn seat belts.
'shameless liar' Andrew o'clee, 36, wed first wife Michelle Agbulos in 2008. but while they were trying for a baby, he had already started double life with a new woman. he married again in 2013 – forging divorce documents so his family would attend the second wedding. but his first wife, 39, uncovered the deception when she came across footage of him completing the ice bucket charity challenge on the social networking site.
Samantha says she adores who she is inside and out. she's a size 10 but could do with dropping 10lbs. 96 per cent of women chose the 'average' option.
scientists at the university of Sheffield analysed people with a body mass index of 30 or more - a recognised measure of obesity. they found obese people fall into one of six categories: heavy drinking males. largest cluster was 'younger healthy females' - also the youngest group.
a DEA report released by the house committee on oversight and government reform on tuesday said several agents were taking part in alleged'sex parties' with prostitutes in bogota starting in 2001. this news comes two weeks after a report found that at least 7 agents admitted sleeping with prostitutes while on overseas assignments. seven of the agents admitted attending the parties and were suspended for between two and 10 days.
an Uber driver shot a 22-year-old man who opened fire on a group of pedestrians in the busy neighborhood of Logan Square on friday night. the driver - a 47-year-old man from the Little Italy neighborhood - then grabbed his own weapon and fired six rounds at Custodio, striking him multiple times. the driver acted in self-defense and the defense of others, a court has decided.
dramatic rescue earlier in the week led to 210 mainly-Burmese nationals being identified. those who said they wanted to stay did so because they were owed years of back pay from their bosses. report traced slave-caught seafood from there to Thailand where it can then enter the supply chains of some of american retailers.
a judge has sentenced Tony Lopez Lozano, 35, to 10 years in prison for fatally stabbing his boyfriend, Brian Romo. the victim's mother, Kathleen Tapia, says that's not long enough. Lozano pleaded guilty to first-degree manslaughter as part of a plea deal and, on Monday, a judge sentenced him to 10 years in prison.
chief executive George Whitesides has said the new spacecraft is nearly ready. he said it could begin test flights by the end of this year. its predecessor was destroyed in the Mojave desert on 31 October 2014. co-pilot Michael Alsbury was killed and pilot Peter Siebold was injured.
researchers in north carolina tested their theory using a 10-hertz current on the brain's of 20 volunteers to stimulate the brain's natural alpha wave oscillations. they recorded the results using EEG. as well as creativity, these oscillations - or the lack of them - are linked with depression.
detectives spent just over an hour at the repairman's house in Bonny Hills on the NSW north coast on Monday afternoon. the 63-year-old's home had been searched earlier in the year, in January and March, after it was unveiled that he was due to fix William's grandmother's washing machine around the time the boy vanished. the three-year-old was last seen dressed in a Spider-Man suit and playing in broad daylight in a quiet street in Kendall last September.
body of 27-year-old found at two separate addresses in alleged double murder. police say she died of asphyxiation, while her 57-year-old mother was stabbed. police are appealing for the public's help to track down 26-year-old brother. they say they want to speak 'urgently' with him in connection to deaths.
cathryn Parker, 72, has been living under at least 74 aliases in los angeles, mainly those of Hollywood production staffers. she was stopped for a traffic violation after giving police a false name. police tracked down her house and found she was leasing under another false name. the case quickly unraveled into one of the biggest cases of identity theft the state has ever seen.
dermatologists warn sunbed users are at risk of contracting herpes. genital herpes is highly contagious and spreads through sex and oral sex. the virus, and other bacteria, can survive on tanning beds despite heat.
a dramatic road rage incident between a truck driver and two young men has been caught on camera. the footage was taken last Monday in forrestville in northern australia. it shows a driver behind the wheel of an AC & S truck tailgating, yelling and flashing his lights aggressively, nearly crashing into the back of a small Subaru car. the incident started on Warringah Road and continued on for 8.5km. friends Cameron Rose and Bo Honna were the occupants
an Oregon couple announced they are expecting a child in a rap video they made set to the theme from '90s television sitcom 'The Fresh Prince of Bel-Air' the clip, which features Jesse and Melissa Meek rapping as they drive in a car, has been viewed over 1.7 million times on YouTube.
three young people got out of their red ute to threaten another driver. a woman pulled a dagger out of her side and stabbed the car's bonnet. she was armed with a weapon at a set of traffic lights in melbourne. driving expert said the behaviour was 'completely out of control'
chief constable will retire with full pension after 30 years of service. she was'sad' to leave the force but is retiring to spend more time with family. it was announced last month that she was to be investigated by her police and crime commissioner's office for alleged misconduct. her style has been compared to her predecessor Sir John Stevens.
Aydian Ethan Dowling has around 40,000 votes to win the publication's annual Ultimate Guy Search. he would follow amputee and war veteran Noah Galloway, who clinched the top spot last year.
premier league stars could face an advertising watchdog probe over sale. players urged millions of followers to buy the knock-down goods. watchdog has previously banned a Nike campaign featuring tweets from Wayne Rooney, one of its brand ambassadors.
a woman racially abused a woman and her partner on a train in sydney. the 23-year-old stood up for the couple and recorded the vile rant. she rushed to their defence with a fiery spray notably absent of swearing. 'i tried to calm things down by telling her we love everyone,' he said.
pink is the new colour of choice for high-achieving women in the world of politics and showbusiness. those championing pink include Christine Lagarde, the first female chief executive of the international monetary fund, and Plaid Cymru's Leanne Wood. the sudden rise in use among powerful women is said to be down to the way that the colour is perceived.
shezoy Bleary allegedly attacked 31-year-old copeland and two women with a switchblade in the early morning hours outside a Chelsea nightclub. copeland, a former player for the new york knicks, was slashed in the elbow and abdomen and underwent surgery to repair the wounds on Wednesday. copeland's wife Katrine saltara, 28, was also stabbed during the early-morning altercation after they left popular new york club
the 34-year-old reality star is keen on the idea of her 22-month-old daughter inheriting her entire wardrobe when she gets older. 'the dress that I wore on the cover of Vogue will be hers. all of my Met Gala dresses,' she said.
John Tuite, 22, and Carlos Santolalla, 25, are the first openly gay couple to be signed together to a modeling agency. the male model It Couple have starred in a campaign together for DKNY and posed for big brands like DSquared2 and edun. both had to drop their previous agencies after they were told to act straight and delete their joint Instagram account.
Kim Hill was abused by her step-father from the age of four. she was forced to dress up in her mother's lingerie and watch porn. she never revealed her past until her partner encouraged her to confess. her husband, 34, helped to put Derek behind bars 20 years later.
Swiss researchers measured the temperature of 'Hot Jupiter' HD 189733b. they found the temperature reaches up to 3,000°C in the atmosphere. and wind speeds are in excess of 620 miles per hour. the findings were made using a novel technique relying on sodium signals. they suggest we may soon have the opportunity to examine other distant worlds in unprecedented detail.
Nasa scientists in California have revealed new images of the dwarf planet Ceres. they reveal new views of the two brightest spots in a crater. however, scientists are still not able to explain what they are. Dawn will begin its first science orbit around Ceres on 23 april. the images were taken on 14 and 15 april from a distance of 14,000 miles (22,000km) from the north pole of the dwarf planet.
firm began as a single shop in Burton-on-Trent 25 years ago. it has become Europe's largest single-price discount retailer. total revenue over the 12-month period grew 11.8 per cent to £1.1 billion. profits expected to be around £44million as firm reaps rewards from 547 stores.
Jason Edward Harrington worked with the government agency for six years. claims screeners will pull attractive travellers aside so they can inappropriately touch them and conduct bag checks on people they simply do not like. follows revelations two TSA workers were fired for manipulating body scanners in Denver as part of a scheme to pat men down before they boarded their flights.
Matthew Whelan, 35, from Birmingham, has spent more than £40,000 on body modifications. he has had his nipples cut off six months ago in a bid to provide a smoother canvas. he has now decided to go it alone and plans to set up his own business.
the test was carried out by Cardiff-based iphone repairs specialist iphoneFixed.co.uk. it used a sapphire screen from a 38mm Apple Watch for its experiment. two out of the three models of apple watches, which are available to pre-order from today, have sapphire glass screens. the glass is made from synthetic sapphire, which is created by applying heat and pressure to aluminium oxide powder. here, it withstands being rubbed against a stone wall
NBC's 288 consecutive week winning run had stetched back to 2009. the drop from the top spot comes two months after anchor Brian Williams received a six-month suspension for misleading viewers.
Annegret Raunigk, from Berlin, is already a mother of 13 but decided to expand her family further after her youngest child told her: 'i want to have a little brother or sister' she gave birth to her only child, Freya, in 2008 when she was aged 57. now aged 64, Sue tollefsen reveals what it's like to be a mother to seven-year-old.
the driver of the car, who has not been identified, said he got into an argument with the suspects while he was pumping gas at a 76 Station in south los angeles around 12:15am on Saturday. the group covered his white dodge Charger in gasoline and lit it ablaze while there were two passengers inside.
four in ten have an average £77 of unwanted good lying around. most people say it is simply too inconvenient to return it. a fifth are too busy, believing it takes nearly half an hour to return.
actress carey Mulligan watched her grandmother suffer with dementia. she said her grandmother hasn't recognised her in at least five years. the 29-year-old said there is a'shame or humour' attached to the illness.
dashcam footage shows the officers using their patrol vehicles to steer the one ton bison off the road and back to his farm near the city of Round Rock. as they beep their horns the animal, named Big Boy, continues to run along the sidewalk but at one point he veers in front of the police car and over to the other side of the road. despite the detour, the buffalo made it home safely free of injury. his owner, 79-year-old Joe Don Ko
Gary Barlow, mark Owen and Howard Donald will be back in the uk for rehearsals. he's preparing for his new musical finding neverland to open in new york. 'he wants to come to the shows, he'll definitely be there,' he said.
the Maldives are a popular honeymoon destination. the island is home to a huge, modern beachfront studio. there is also a high-tech games room where you can learn or practice golf, shooting or tennis.
one in every 12 truckies tested positive for drugs while out on the road. 156 truck drivers tested positive for drugs on Victoria's roads in the past year. they are using their log books to roll out lines and smoke ice.
Christy Turlington burns is championing the message 'it's what you do that defines you' the brand opened its first UK store in westfield Stratford on march 27. it also brought in 22-year-old german model Toni Garrn and Ethiopia-born Liya Kebede, 37.
one of Suge Knight's alleged victims claims the rap mogul growled 'i'm going to kill you' before 'everything went black' police say that was the moment before Knight killed Terry Carter and tried to kill Cle 'Bone' Sloan. the pair exchanged blows at the scene in a parking lot in Compton on January 18.
victims lured to the uk on the promise of a 'better life', prosecutors say. they were made to urinate in buckets and live and eat outside in winter. but they were made to give over all their wages and do housework. gang pocketed wages and benefits - believed to be around £150,000.
the Mole Urban project aims to reduce the level of road freight within urban areas by using freight pipelines carrying goods in capsules. the firm is now looking to see if the concept could be used within the town of Northampton and if results are positive, a pilot could see underground pipelines installed to transport goods. the project is set to last nine months and if successful could be rolled out in other towns.
teenager, identified as Zeynab Daghastani, was shot dead by ISIS snipers. she was making her way through the southern streets of the Al-Yarmouk Camp. aid workers in the area say activists and relief workers were also targeted. around 18,000 Palestinians have been under siege in Yarmouk since 2012.
Darren McGrady said brothers swapped instructions from nanny for their own. they asked for fast food and ended up with roast chicken anyway. he is former chef to the queen and princess Diana and spent 15 years cooking for them at Buckingham palace and Kensington palace.
families in the uk are more indebted than many other major developed nations. the international monetary fund said the country is struggling with debt. the findings are a stark reminder that the recovery remains fragile.
'Red' len McCluskey and his union are a potent, sinister force in politics. they seek to use their financial and organisational muscle within the labour movement to drag Britain back to the dark days of the 1970s. the sheer scale of the influence Unite holds on scores of Labour candidates is chilling given the socialist revolution the union would seek to impose.
Norma Esparza, who pleaded guilty to voluntary manslaughter in the case and agreed to testify, says she was intimidated into identifying her rapist. she says her ex-boyfriend, now 45, was outraged when he heard about the assault and demanded that she find and point out Gonzalo Ramirez. van is now charged with the murder of Ramirez, whose blindfolded, bloodied body was found on the side of an Irvine, California
couple tipped scales at over 41st when they set a date for their big day. but after receiving cruel taunts in her workplace she decided to slim down. she has since gone from 17st 8lb to a slim 11st 9lb in just nine months.
Jodie Bredo, 26, from Essex, has been a professional Kate lookalike for six years. she says the duchess of cambridge should 'change her hair for once' 'i like wearing fitted dresses and showing my figure off. I’d love her to get something more fashionable like a bob,' she said.
new app, Honest, allows users to pose questions, remain anonymous and get feedback from fellow anonymous users. personal dilemmas range from relationship questions such as 'i'm getting married next week and I'm having doubts, is that normal?' to questions about sexual dysfunction and secret crushes.
'he should have been in a retirement home, not out there on the scene killing my dad,' 16-year-old aidan fraley said of his father's killer. 'one of the dudes had his knee on his head, and I feel like that played a part in his death after the shooting,' he said. his father, 73-year-old volunteer sheriff's deputy robert bates, has been charged with second-degree manslaughter
two young stars pictured smoking from a shisha pipe in a bar in london. the pair are sat on a sofa in front of a table with shisha pipes and cans of fizzy Fanta orange. this is the second time sterling has been pictured smoking from a shisha pipe in the past few days.
transgender model andreja pejic appeared in a solo editorial in the may issue of the magazine. the 23-year-old revealed that she was advised not to undergo her gender reassignment surgery because it would transform her from an interesting enigma into just another pretty girl.
the marine mammal was discovered bleeding from its head along the south end of Sharp Park State Beach in Pacifica on Tuesday. it is the seventeenth dead sperm whale to beach along the north coast of California in over the 40 years.
the burger chain contacted the newly-engaged couple via Skype and gave them the good news. the couple has been known as Burger-King since they were in the fifth grade together, in New Berlin near Springfield.
researchers at Virginia polytechnic institute and state university have shown that it’s possible to convert 100 per cent of the sugar in corn stalks and husks – a by-product of farming – into hydrogen gas. the breakthrough could one day see the fuel being produced locally and drivers stopping to refuel their vehicles at roadside bioreactors instead of pumping petrol into their motor.
the church of Scientology is one of a long list of organisations who have been barred from using the word Anzac. 44 items were rejected for a range of reasons, including it was too commercial or its name was inappropriate. woolworths caused controversy for overlaying its logo and 'Fresh in our memories' on photographs of war veterans.
ComRes survey of 4,000 undecided voters found slim majority impressed with performance of prime minister than that of Ed Miliband during election campaign. separate poll suggests Ukip's vote is being squeezed in key constituencies as election day approaches.
Lisa McElroy, 50, who teaches legal writing at Drexel University, reportedly sent the inappropriate message on March 31 under the subject line: 'Great article on writing briefs' when recipients opened the enclosed link, philly.com reports that they were directed to a video of 'a woman engaging in a sexually explicit act'
four teenagers caught on camera kicking a rare bird and throwing another out of a window in Walsall, west Midlands. the gang broke into an aviary and bundled 200 of the animals into sacks and containers around 3.30am on January 12. the birds were also jammed into drawers, squeezed to death and even chased by a dog. three men and a youth have been convicted of their involvement and will be sentenced next month.
dashcam footage shows police in the borough of Kinnelon race to the incident just after 6 p.m. on Thursday. smoke was already coming out of the woman's 2006 Toyota Solara convertible, which had been turned upside down. when one of the officers ran over and shouted at the driver it was apparant that she has been knocked out. it took two minutes for the cops to cut the woman from her seat belt and pull her limp body from the wreckage.
the world's largest cattle station is for sale in Anna Creek in south australia. it covers an enormous 23,000 square kilometres and includes original stock. the 11 stations cover over 100,000 square kilometres and have 155,000 cattle.
Jessica Silva's ex-partner, James Polkinghorne, sent her a text message threatening to 'cave her f***ing head in' and 'bash the f*** out of her' before arriving at her marrickville home fuelled on 'ice' on mothers day in 2012. fearing for her life, she called her brother to come help her and sent a desperate text message that said,'mum, the psycho is coming' she has visited the home of James Polk
the first lady and her mother, Marian Robinson, dined at a small italian restaurant in greenwich village on saturday. the two enjoyed a sumptuous five-course meal at Lupa, priced at $65 per person, plus $49 with wine pairings.
aeman presley, 34, 'killed two homeless men in Atlanta, another man sleeping outdoors in DeKalb County and a hairdresser in a parking garage in Decatur' he'shot a woman on her way home from dinner and shot a homeless man in a parking garage in decatur' 'this high manifested into a "bloodlust" which compelled Presley to commit two more murders in Fulton County,' a statement said.
Neil Moore, 28, was on remand at Wandsworth prison in south-west london. he emailed wardens posing as a court clerk manager at 'Southwalk crown court' it allowed the fraudster to brazenly walk out of prison on march 10 last year. escape motivated by his fear he would be harmed by fellow inmates.
reusable rocket named 'Vulcan' is slated to take off in 2019. it will use new engines, mid-air recovery and a new upper stage. the aim of both SpaceX and ULA is to end US dependence on Russian-built rocket engines.
alanna and Stephan goetzinger lost their daughter during a stillbirth in 2012. a coroner found that the care given by the midwife was 'grossly inadequate' the couple refuse to blame the midwife and are defending her actions.
more than a third of mothers clothed their second baby in one or more hand-me-downs, with 46 per cent giving them toys bought for their elder sibling. 82 per cent have a memento of their first child, such as a lock of hair or a video of their first steps, but only 23 per cent have a keepsake for their second.
cassandra Cassidy, 24, was stopped outside addiction recovery centre. two women 'afraid of men in a car' approached her in the street. fashion design student was fatally wounded and died in hospital.
father-of-two Tipu Sultan shot dead outside takeaway in south Shields. 32-year-old from sunderland named locally as father-of-two from Bangladesh. emergency services found him with a gunshot wound and he was pronounced dead at the scene. witnesses report seeing two men wearing crash helmets and dressed in dark clothing driving away from the area immediately after the shooting.
the island's unique subspecies of elephants are a vestige of ancient Sri Lanka. in the right season you might see 200 elephants at the lake in Minneriya National Park. the distinguished star in Yala National Park is the ‘prince of the night’ – the leopard.
travel doesn't come cheap, but it is possible to see some of the most amazing places on a tight budget. all it takes is a few sacrifices, hard work, commitment and an outgoing personality. house-sitting is one of the easiest ways to trim costs on a trip abroad because it eliminates the need to spend huge amounts of money.
the 27-year-old opted for a black mini dress for the third time during the men's final of the Miami Open. she wore a somber expression as she watched her husband-to-be lose to Novak Djokovic. the couple will tie the knot at Dunblane cathedral on April 11.
two women aged 47 and 22, and two men aged 24 and 22 were held at Manchester airport in the early hours of this morning. they were among eight relatives stopped at the Turkish border with Syria on April 1. the group is understood to include Waheed's aunt, two of his male cousins, his cousin's wife and two of their children. the four children on the trip aged one, three, eight and 11 have also been flown back to the uk.
more than 30 drunk and disorderly university of Kentucky fans were arrested near the school's Lexington campus on Saturday night. the crowd of angry fans set fires and smashed bottles following the team's 71-64 loss to the university of Wisconsin. the university of Wisconsin will now face off against Duke in the NCAA final on monday - the school's first final since 1941.
a'monster' pedophile, 70, who molested at least seven girls was sentenced to up to 50 years in prison on Thursday. 'the only money we should waste on you is the cost of a bullet,' Jackson County Chief Circuit Judge Thomas Wilson told'monster' James Tingley. 'the defendant has stolen the souls, or parts of the souls, of these children. he's used them to meet all of his sexual needs,' assistant prosecutor
mai Mach, 60, was stabbed 23 times with garden shears in her western australia home. hours earlier her grandson, Alistair, 4, was stabbed 18 times as he slept. cai xia liao, 45, has been charged with their murder. a fundraising page set up to help pay funeral expenses has raised almost $50,000.
former director of public prosecutions was in charge of operation 'elveden' he pushed the use of an almost unheard of 13th century law to go after journalists. four more reporters were cleared yesterday and all but a handful of cases withdrawn.
controller of radio 3 has branded audiences ignorant in an interview. he was asked about changes to general classical music knowledge. the station has been accused of 'dumbing down' in the past.
police dashcam footage shows alleged thief Mario Valencia walking along a street in marana, northwest of Tucson, carrying what appears to be a rifle. he points the loaded weapon into the air and a shot rings out. a police officer in one of the patrol cars says: 'one round just went out. he's definitely loaded' but in apparent defiance of his advice, officer Michael Rapiejko overtakes his colleague's car, before speeding straight toward Valencia
'370H55V' is spelled 'A**HOLE' upside-down by texan department for motor vehicles. owner safer hassan has 30 days to get rid of the plate. 'i think that the state is overreaching their boundaries', he said.
a pit bull who went missing more than a year ago has been reunited with her owners after being rescued from a cockfighting bust in south carolina. April Morris thought she’d never see her beloved pit bull, Nina Louise again after she went astray in december 2013. months of searching and a $500 cash reward proved fruitless. but this past Saturday she couldn't believe her eyes when she saw footage of the pup's rescue on the nightly news
the Chancellor and her husband have been spending Easter on the small island of Ischia, near Naples. the couple traditionally spend their holiday at the five-star Miramare Spa Hotel on the south of the island.
mei Ru, 50, and her husband Song Ming, 53, were going shopping in china. she parked car outside local supermarket in city of Fuzhou, south east china. when she reversed, she knocked him to the ground before backing up over body. he died from massive internal bleeding and crushed ribs, doctors said.
royal county of berkshire polo club launched with the prince of wales as its first member in 1982. it's attracted royals and celebrities including prince William and Harry, actress Stephanie Powers and Rolling Stone Bill Wyman. but attempts to cash in on elite status have been scuppered by the european court after objections from the Beverly Hills brand.
half of voters agree with Ukip that immigrants should not immediately receive free HIV treatment. he caused controversy by attacking the high cost of giving anti-retroviral drugs to sufferers not born in the uk.
research into the rise of the 'insta-wardrobe' polled 2,000 adults. nearly one third buy new clothes just to avoid being multi-tagged in same outfit. a fifth said they would refuse to wear an outfit again if they knew there was a chance of appearing wearing the same thing online.
Charles Collins, 28, saved elderly Alfred McNamee after he slipped off platform. jumped onto tracks at 15th street station in central Philadelphia and helped him escape. but despite widespread praise for his actions, he denied that he is a hero.
Claudia alende, 21, came second in last year's beauty pageant. she launched a scathing attack on current title-holder Indianara Carvalho. she claimed the model had'revealed who she truly is'
Gary Saurage, 45, who runs the Gator Country wildlife park in Beaumont, was called out on Monday morning to catch a giant 400lb, 11ft-long alligator from a family's backyard pond. a photograph of the capture - later posted to facebook - shows Saurage approaching the giant reptile with his bare hands stretched forwards. Saurage later reported that the gator was safely hauled out of the pond, although it took a bit of work as it
Valbona Yzeiraj was arrested on Thursday and pleaded not guilty to charges of assault, unauthorized practice of a profession and reckless endangerment. authorities said the 45-year-old woman, from white plains, did injections in people's mouths, performed root canals and on several occasions pulled patients' teeth. she was fired from Ultimate Dental Care of Riverdale after the company found out she was illegally performing as a dentist from late 2012 to summer 2013.
Steve Esmond and his wife, Dr Theresa Devine, and their two teenage sons fell seriously ill during their stay at the Sirenusa condominium resort on the island of St. John. the family were airlifted to separate hospitals in Philadelphia suffering major respiratory trauma. Sean, 16, and his 14-year-old brother, Ryan, remain in a coma.
physical activity can increase the size of areas of the brain that contribute to balance and coordination. changes in the brain may have health implications in the long-term, such as reducing the risk of falling.
wedding season is fast upon us and brides are on the hunt for ways to budget. from scrimping on bar costs to avoiding hefty food bills, here are the best budgeting tips for brides-to-be.
high-end ski-tour company Haute Montagne made requests for guests. they included a live-in tailor to make the ski gear and horse and carriage. bramble ski also created a private ice bar for après cocktails in Verbier.
Jeremy Clarkson was sacked from top gear after punching a producer over a steak dinner. the 54-year-old was dropped from the motoring show by the BBC on march 25. he is set to appear on the satirical panel show have I got news for you later this month.
the first lady was announcing the launch of the latest part of her ongoing Let's Move initiative. not content with a busy afternoon in the garden, she then changed into a flawless black dress for the annual Grammys On The Hill Awards.
the 22-year-old is the youngest designer to ever show at Mercedes-Benz Fashion Week Australia. he is also committed to improving working conditions in his family's home country. 'i've been really inspired by my culture and my heritage,' he said.
video appears to show city fans singing a vile song about the Munich air disaster. the clip appears to have been taken after the derby which united won 4-2. it shows police struggling to keep the two sets of rival fans apart.
'Another November' captures the stages grief following the breakdown of a relationship. the photographer, 38, who lives in Paris, found inspiration for the series after her own painful break up. she asked friends and women she met to pose based on the experience of losing love.
polls show nationalists are extending their lead - threatening to wipe out labour. but he refused four times to rule out going into a power-sharing agreement. the labour leader was asked repeatedly whether he was prepared to dismiss the idea of any pact.
rare condition known as Jerusalem syndrome affects pilgrims visiting the holy city. it is characterised by anxiety, agitation and nervousness. sufferers are consumed by need to be clean and perform sermons.
PJ and Tracy Spraggins lost 145lbs in one year so he could donate his kidney. on the waiting list, she would have had to wait seven years for a transplant. the next day, his blood pressure was too high to perform the operation. he refused to accept the diagnosis and embarked on a relentless fitness regime. finally, in December 2014, he was given the green light to undergo surgery.
manziel and Colleen Crowley were spotted together in public for the first time since he entered rehab when they attended Tuesday night's game. the pair appear to remain very much an item, but Crowley has been taking heat on Instagram for refusing to give up her wild ways while Manziel was being treated for his unspecified problems. on Tuesday, Crowley posted a video on her Instagram page of the Texan socialite enjoying a drunken night out with friends.
Yin Yunfeng spent last week of his annual holiday cooking stir-fried dishes. also made about 1,000 dumplings to show his love to his wife. worried that his wife would be eating instant noodles all the time. now all she needs is to reheat the food in the microwave.
shares in what is now called the BG Group rose by nearly 30 per cent to 1,153p. news of the deal has driven up the price of shares in BG now owned by people who originally bought British Gas shares in 1986. anyone who bought 100 shares at the time of privatisation would have paid £135 (£366 today)
the fire, reported shortly after 6pm, was sparked by a cooking stove. hundreds of people were told to evacuate the are area over the weekend. by midday, Sunday, fire officials said they had contained 35 percent of the fire.
chef Jacques LaMerde - roughly translates to 'jack sh--' - the account pokes fun at high-end dining by dressing up cheap, fattening, convenience store goods.
the 31-year-old sister of the duchess of cambridge looked glamorous as she strolled through the sunny streets of London. accessorised her look with a black tote, £159 black pumps by jemima vine and oversized sunglasses.
former kayak world champion and two-time Olympic medalist was allegedly caught in a toilet cubicle with white powder. the 39-year-old was reportedly disgruntled and allegedly slapped the hand of an officer before walking away. he will remain in custody after his bail application was rejected by Byron Bay Local Court on Thursday afternoon.
two-bedroomed terraced house was bulldozed in 2013 along with neighbouring properties. neighbours say it was a constant reminder of the evil that took place there. 'we are so relieved that it has gone,' said one local resident.
pedestrians stood at attention for two minutes as sirens rang out. commemorates the six million Jews killed by the nazis during world war two. commemorations began at sunset on Wednesday and were to continue on Thursday.
ten-week-old qingqing is in a critical condition in hospital in eastern china. her mother said: 'who knew this would happen?'
aubrey de Grey says ageing is a 'disease that can and should be cured' he believes there is no reason any of us shouldn't reach 500, 1,000 or 5,000 years of age. de Grey's theories have gained him some high-profile supporters in california.
the flashgap app is free for iOS and android devices. photos and videos taken on the app disappear into a hidden album. they only appear at midday the day after the event. all attendees of the event can see the album, and users can only delete the photos they took themselves.
the two chimpanzees, currently living in a lab at Stony Brook university, are the first animals in history to be covered by a writ of habeas corpus. a representative of the university have been ordered to appear in court next month to respond to a petition by the nonhuman rights project that chimps Hercules and Leo are 'unlawfully detained'
ex-Bolton Wanderers striker denies conspiracy to commit bribery. he is standing trial alongside ex-non-league player Moses Swaibu. facey played for west bromwich albion and Hull city.
Charnelle Hughes, 20, was struck on the side of the head by empty pint glass. it was thrown across a crowded pub during heavy metal gig at the Adelphi pub. she was left scarred, swollen and fearing she would lose her right eye. culprit, 20-year-old Jordan Goode, escaped with a suspended jail term.
Chloe Knapton, 21, was driving home from a night out when she was attacked. a man came hurtling towards her with a glass bottle and smashed it against her window. the impact caused the broken glass to become embedded in her neck. she has been left with deep wounds to her shoulder, neck, nose and mouth. her family have released shocking photos which show extent of her injuries.
more than 8,000 migrants took advantage of calm weather to cross the Mediterranean. capsized boat carrying about 550 people flipped over around 24 hours after leaving the Libyan coast. 150 survivors – mostly from sub-Saharan Africa – were rescued and brought to an italian port on Monday.
Lauren Perry, 25, had her waters break just 23 weeks into her pregnancy. her twins were delivered early via an emergency caesarean at 30 weeks. eight months later when Mason was admitted to hospital to have his colostomy removed he nearly lost his life to a dangerous flesh-eating virus. after the surgery, the young boy went into recovery, but started to go downhill pretty quickly.
Ulysses Beaudoin, 39, is accused of killing his 22-year-old son and namesake, Ulysses Nelson, when he tried to intervene on behalf of his mother. he allegedly pulled out a 9mm handgun and shot him twice in the back. he then allegedly threatened his 18-year-old son, sending the teen fleeing for his life. he was pronounced dead at the scene from his wounds.
president posed for picture next to boy wearing 'I'm With Stupid' T-shirt. the 52-year-old seemed oblivious to message on shirt and arrow pointing in his direction. picture was shared thousands of times and prompted a series of fake pictures.
the 51-year-old actor played the Doctor for just 13 episodes in 2005. he proved a huge hit with fans, but only stayed for one run. he has suggested he quit the show after falling out with show bosses.
a man believed to be impersonating as an army infantry is caught on video confronting a bystander in the city of Sunrise, florida. a young man is seen on camera asking the 'fake service member' where he did his basic and boot camp training. the young man replies he 'took it out' because he 'does not want nobody knowing his name', before asking the man if he is a cop. the two men
there are more than 670,000 unpaid carers helping someone with dementia. in the early stages of dementia, it's the short-term memory that's most affected. the middle stage of dementia inevitably heralds changes in behaviour.
thieves targeted 294 security vaults during a break-in at the Volksbank in 2013. gang fled the bank with diamonds, gold and silver worth more than £8.3m. it now appears that the Berlin heist bore all the hallmarks of the £60m heist in london. 71 security boxes were raided before the gang made off with wheelie bins.
the boy's mother was holding him and another child when he slipped and fell between 10 to 12ft and into the pit on Saturday around 3pm. he was rescued by his parents before firefighters and paramedics arrived on the scene. the boy's leg was injured in the fall, but he was not attacked by the animals, according to zoo officials.
sex trade worker, 27, emerged from home bound by handcuffs naked from waist down begging for help. dog walker Peter Hamilton heard her cries and tried to free her from restraints. she told him her kidnapper was still inside, but had fallen asleep. he wanted to call police, but left his cell phone at home, forcing him to take out the only item he had on him - the nail clippers.
Dmitri Kovtun insists he was not involved in the spy's death. suggests he poisoned himself without knowing it.
more than 1,700 freshmen students from Yichuan, Shaanxi province took the exam on Saturday. the school said the reason behind the unusual move was the lack of sufficient indoor space. regular radio announcement ordered students to turn their chairs and desks collectively from time to time.
journalist Gianna Toboni traveled to India to explore the country's rapidly growing, yet unregulated, gestational surrogacy industry. she went undercover to meet with an agent who offered to get her a baby in two to three months. 'it was the most heartbreaking experience that I ever had,' she said.
opened in 1818, the asylum expands over 350 metres in length overlooking the town of Stafford in the west Midlands. patients were restrained by means of 'the leather muff,' 'iron handcuffs' and'restraint chair' there are also reports of prevalent dysentery and syphilis.
Xara Grogan, 29, rejected his attempts to kiss her, a tribunal heard. he told her they should jet to Barcelona for a break and claimed they were both stuck with the wrong partner. but when she turned down his advances he became hostile and unfriendly. he would also snatch instruments from her in the surgery and be 'abrupt and rude' and blamed her for a fall-out with another dental practice.
Todd Kincannon, 33, has been arrested and charged with criminal domestic violence following an incident involving his wife last month. an arrest warrant alleges that Kincannon's wife, ashely Griffith, told deputies that he grabbed her arm during a march 26 argument in their car,'squeezing it tightly, thus preventing her from exiting the vehicle' he 'accidentally overdosed' on the prescription drug Benzonatate – which he says he
Victorino Chua, 49, has given evidence for the first time and denied he tampered with saline bags and ampoules. he denies murdering patients Tracey Arden, 44, Arnold Lancaster, 71, and Derek Weaver, 83, and deliberately poisoning 18 others between 2011 and 2012.
a flurry of bets placed on the 45-year-old propelled her to the top spot. but she announced her departure from the social media site this morning. she tweeted:'my timeline has been full of blokes wishing me dead... this morning, someone suggested they’d like to see me burn to death'
shadow chancellor accused of treating public with 'contempt' by dismissing note as a 'jokey note' note left in the Treasury by former labour minister Liam Byrne in 2010. it said: 'dear Chief Secretary, I'm afraid there is no money. Kind regards – and good luck!'
baby malaja was sitting in a car seat in the back of a silver Chevrolet Impala with her parents when a black car pulled alongside. the driver and passenger of the black car opened fire, then drove off, police say. detectives in Kent initially suggested road rage as a motive, but police no longer think that's the case after further investigation.
porche Wright, 27, was scheduled to appear in court on Tuesday afternoon on attempted murder charges. when paramedics arrived at the home, the seven-year-old girl was covered in serious burns.
Nina Anderson, 78, searched pawn shops near her house in Portsmouth, hants. gold and silver necklaces worth nearly £400 were taken from bedroom as she watched tv. great-grandmother eventually spotted two of the stolen items in window. her actions mirror those of Agatha Christie character Miss Marple. led to arrest of burglar Martin Campbell, 28, who has been jailed for three years.
'the only way you can stop the deaths is to stop the boats,' says pm. he sends naval gunboats to turn back boats carrying asylum-seekers. 'it is so urgent that the countries of Europe adopt very strong policies,' he says.
'missives in mediocrity' often tell pupils to 'live your dream' and 'you can do it'. but glossy notices are 'often misinterpreted as "you can achieve anything if you believe''
gold coast personal trainer Ashy Bines mistakenly advertised the price of one of her exclusive programs as $US49,500. an extra zero was added to the cost of the yearlong program - the real price being a tenth of that, or $4,950. one astonished follower wrote on Ms Bines' Facebook page at the weekend that she would be 'homeless and starving' if she paid the original price.
geordie shore star has lost over two and a half stone and four dress sizes. but some have questioned whether the 24-year-old actress has taken things too far. her co-stars have all dropped the pounds over the past 12 months.
albumen prints were made in the 1870s from the original paper negatives of the early 1850s. they are due to go up for auction in Cirencester tomorrow and could fetch up to £30,000.
a dentist testified the girl's teeth were in such bad shape they posed a potentially fatal threat to her health. fourteen of the girl's 20 teeth were either abscessed, and two more needed to be pulled or had severe root and tooth decay. she had been scheduled for surgery in march but did not have the procedure because her parents did not set up a pre-operation examination.
around two million high school students admitted to buying vaporizers in 2014 - more than triple the 660,000 recorded the year before. smoking of traditional cigarettes plummeted to about nine per cent.
according to TMZ, the prenup between the food network star and the law and order: SVU actress provides her with the relatively meager sum for five years. the report also claims that the prenup contains a clause that allows the chef buy her out of the $8million marital home for just $1million. the 50-year-old filed for divorce on friday, just one day after it emerged he had separated from his wife of ten years.
group working in the north-west has been accused of filming attacks. one teenager told police he was beaten up by the gang in a church car park. he thought he was meeting a 14-year-old girl he had spoken to online. but when he got there he was attacked by a gang of men who accused him of being a paedophile.
police were looking for 27-year-old Ricky Ricardo Chiles III in connection to the killings of 40-year-old Archie Brown Jr and 15-year-old Rasheed Chiles. brown killed his nephew, two-year-old Damani Terry, after he darted into the street in front of his van on sunday evening. his nephew, also the nephew of Chiles III, was struck by the gunfire at the scene of the accident.
an alligator reportedly attacked and ate a 100-pound dog at an Alabama park in early April. Pooch Mavis was brought to Arlington Park in Mobile sometime last weekend by her owner for a fishing trip. the alligator involved in the attack is being looked for by wildlife officials.
the 'goblins' are scientifically known as 'hoodoos' - rock protrusions consisting of relatively soft rock topped by harder stone. the softer rock has been removed by wind and water, leaving thousands of unique constructions.
Sophie English was one of thousands of babies who was born at the height of the Vietnam war and adopted by an australian family. there has been very little information to help her find her birth mother who made the heartbreaking decision to give her up. the last time she had seen her home country was when she was 10 months old. while they were in Vietnam, Ms English got the chance to meet another adoptee, Le My Huong, who has since found her mother and moved back to Vietnam.
apple has bought Israel-based link computational imaging in a deal reportedly worth $20 million (£13.5 million)'multi-aperture' cameras small enough to fit into smartphones and tablets that come with depth-sensing technology. this technology is able to sense the depth of each object in a photograph. this lets people refocus an image after its been captured, or measure the dimensions of a room, for example.
supermodel, 39, fronts Vogue Paris' upcoming may issue. last black woman to cover Vogue was model Rose Cordero in 2010. in January of this year, vogue ended 12-year run of failing to use a single woman of colour on its cover.
gipsy group exploited human rights laws to stay in illegal camp for five years. 78 travellers refused to budge despite facing three different courts, a planning inquiry and a council. locals in hardhorn, Lancashire, accused group of trashing their leafy village. camp appeared to have lost its case after travellers were told to move out. but despite being given four months to leave site, group used loophole to take case to the supreme court. they claimed eviction
the rosehall estate near inverness was built in the 1820 but its most colourful period of its history was during the 1920s. it was bought by Hugh 'bendor' Grosvenor, the Duke of Westminster. the super-wealthy land owner would spend his summers at the property with the fashion designer. miss Chanel would love to fish on the estate's river, catching more than 50 salmon.
Jason Rezaian's lawyer leila Ahsan detailed the four serious offences. the 39-year-old journalist stands accused of gathering classified information. he also stands accused of disseminating propaganda against the Islamic republic.
Indian Creek Island Road, the most exclusive area in Miami, boasts a median house price of $21.48million. it has topped the list of America's richest streets, compiled by zillow. the area's tiny population of 86 includes four of America's top 500 richest people. they are activist investor Carl Icahn; hedge fund manager Eddie Lampert; car dealership owner Norman Braman and mutual fund mogul Charles Johnson.
finley lamb was born with parts of his brain in the wrong place. he is unable to walk and talk and has a 90 per cent chance of developing epilepsy. but he defied the odds to take his first steps last year and now walks two miles a day.
labour leader said it was unacceptable to abandon migrants in africa. called on the uk to take a 'fare share' of refugees fleeing civil war. around 1,300 people are believed to have drowned in the past two weeks.
the tiny Montana outpost was established in the 1860s by miners looking for gold and silver, but it was destroyed by fire around 1912. it was restored after half the town was devastated by fire, and deserted a few years later. while the town has since been restored, it remains empty, and local folklore says the area is haunted by former residents. now the U.S. Bureau of Land Management is offering free food, housing a job to people willing to live in Garnet and work
the Edwardian-style building and shopfront on Brunswick Street in Fitzroy was once owned by Wei Tang who was convicted in 2006 of keeping five Thai women as sex slaves. the brothel, formerly known as Club 417, has six bedrooms each with its own shower or spa, as well as a large lounge with a bar and a sitting room. it's listed for sale through Barry Plant Real Estate and is being marketed on its potential for a range of uses.
body of Charmain Adusah, 41, discovered by hotel staff face down in bath. husband, a self-proclaimed prophet and evangelical preacher, alleged to have left hotel hurriedly on day she is believed to have died. close family friend claims he flew back to London but later returned to Ghana after wife's body was found.
ranulfo perez, 48, arrested after allegedly groping a 16-year-old girl. she was outside a toys r us store as she was shown round with tour group. he was later released by the Manhattan district attorney over concerns he could not be sure it was him.
people who have never been divorced can expect a retirement income 13% higher than a colleague who has been through a divorce. it means an extra £2,100 a year to anyone who has kept their marriage intact, or who has never married. one in five divorcees who stop work this year will retire with debts to drag down their disposable income and lifestyles.
comedian and feminist campaigner recalled incident at the new york comedy club. she claimed she was paid less than her male counterpart for a gig. but owner al martin revealed the story was false because she was paid less because she appeared as a guest on the show and wasn't meant to receive anything. silverman has since publicly apologized to martin and revealed she fabricated the story. but she stressed critics should not use the story as a way to undermine the gender pay gap campaign.
the number of female genital cosmetic operations performed on the NHS has risen five-fold in the past 10 years. more than 2,000 procedures performed on the NHS in 2010. the trend is reflected in australia where procedures have more than doubled in the same time period.
teachers say youngsters have been playing truant as they try to find stardom. producers have held auditions at dozens of secondary schools and colleges. move has helped reduce unauthorised absence levels in some schools.
the star reveals what she eats to keep her curvaceous figure in tip-top condition. changes her food intake every ten days and works with a nutritionist. a typical day's food for Kim could include scrambled eggs and oatmeal. for lunch and dinner, a professional chef will serve her dishes.
leroy toppins went missing about 6pm friday while playing with siblings in the front yard of his family's home in Washington Court house, ohio. more than 100 locals joined a search for the toddler that lasted all day Saturday. at 7pm, the boy's body was found in a pond at an old stone quarry, a short distance from where he was last seen.
Christy, 46, suffered a potentially life-threatening complication shortly after the birth of her daughter grace, now 11, in 2003. she launched Every Mother Counts in 2010, an organisation dedicated to making pregnancy and childbirth safe for mothers around the world. the former supermodel is gearing up for the upcoming London marathon on 26 April.
Hannah Overton, 37, was convicted of poisoning her adopted son, four-year-old Andrew burd, with an overdose of salt in 2006. her conviction was overturned last year, and prosecutors have dropped all charges against her and will no longer be looking into her case. overton was released from jail shortly before christmas, but will not face capital murder charges again.
two anglers took the boat out on to the open sea the day before. they got the materials to build the boat for free and spent £9 on glue. the 6ft vessel held together long enough for the men to set up their rods. but an oar snapped 200 yards off Jaywick, Essex, and they had to call 999.
Deputy pm said he would not allow lib dems to prop up David Cameron in power. suggested he would veto a new deal unless the tories agreed new taxes. but the lib dem leader defended his record in government with Mr Cameron. accused the tories of ‘lashing out’ at labour because they knew they could not win the election.
Daniel P. Finney, 39, of Iowa, started out weighing 563lbs and has lost 20lbs in a month. he is one of 79 million obese americans. 'i know i'm responsible for my actions,' he said.
the heist occurred on march 1 in Wilson county, north carolina. the 18-wheeler truck - owned by transport company transvalue - pulled over when one of the guards on board 'felt sick' the trio 'tied the guards' hands behind their backs and marched them into nearby woods before taking 275lbs of gold. the gold totaled $4.8 million, but the truck was carrying about $10 million worth of metal, so the thieves left half the load - mostly
leah Williamson stepped up again to take a penalty during the 18-second rematch against Norway. she was a player for arsenal ladies but virtually anonymous in wider conversations about football. she found out on Wednesday that England would have to visit the seaview stadium in Belfast for a single penalty. but she rode the storm and tucked it away for 2-2 and a place in this summer's european championships.
the mother-of-two, 34, was seen walking for colcci during So Paulo Fashion Week in her native brazil. she has announced she's retiring from the runway.
police raided Alan Greaves's home in colne, lancashire, in september 2013. they found almost 20,000 images of child abuse on a digital storage device. almost 700 of the images were of the most serious category. there were also 17,821 other indecent images with 106 movies.
angela and Richard Maxwell scooped £53million from the lottery last week. the 67-year-old said she would not give up her five-hour shift at a local lunch club. the couple, who have two adult children, said they would buy a new minibus. but they said they would carry on as normal with occasional splurge on holidays.
David Wihby, 61, was arrested on Friday in Nashua on a misdemeanor charge for solicitation of prostitution and resigned on Saturday. he has been the state director for the last year and her number-two staffer behind the chief of staff. he is a former longtime Manchester city alderman and former deputy commissioner and interim commissioner of the state department of labor.
the 20-year-old was 'kneed in the groin and unable to talk', court heard. she had spent the summer in new york on a student work visa. she was staying with her brother for a night out before flying home to Ireland. former goldman Sachs managing director Jason Lee, 38, faces rape charges. he has pleaded not guilty to the 'disgusting, violent' attack.
hundreds of protesters gathered in new york city on Tuesday night to march against police brutality. many of the protesters cited the deaths of Eric Garner in Staten Island and Walter Scott in south Carolina. police began making arrests around 4:30 p.m. and by late evening at least 34 people had been arrested.
students who were able to buy the drug from coffee shops were five percent less likely to pass their courses. at the same time foreign students who did not have ready access to the drug did better on average. study will rankle with the increasing number calling for the legalisation of cannabis around the world.
the SS City of Cairo was travelling from Bombay to England in 1942. it was torpedoed by a submarine and took 100 tons of rupees to the bottom. it was assumed that the vessel's cargo, belonging to the Treasury, would be lost forever. but a team led by. British expert John Kingsford used pioneering techniques to track down the ship with powerful sonar and robotics. underwater company Deep Ocean Search (DOS) was then contracted by the. UK
new channel 4 series shines a light on the supercar industry in the uk. expert seller Saba Syed says more women are coming into the showroom. she says: 'women have very good taste in cars'
australian teenager has joined the #kyliejennerchallenge craze. she has placed a shot glass over her mouth so the vacuum of air causes her lips to swell. the shock of her life came when she removed the shot glass and suddenly had such protruding lips that social media users compared her to a duck.
veteran peer has repeatedly denied claims he abused young boys at care homes. he is now not fit to stand trial despite 'credible evidence' he has fought tirelessly for return of Jewish assets held by nazis.
Chris Appleton, who has been working with singer Rita, 24, for the past two years, revealed that her demanding haircare routine does require a hefty amount of work and'maintenance' 'if you keep bleaching it, you push it too far and it can look awful, which has been done in the past by other celebrities,' he said.
little Stella Schaefer is being cared for in prison by 19-year-old Heather Mack. she allegedly murdered her socialite mother sheila von Wiese-Mack in a plush hotel. while Stella was being looked after by a friend outside the court today, a blanket fell away, revealing the child's face.
UK researchers studied the asteroid impact 66 million years ago. they found the heat near the impact site in Mexico was not intense enough to ignite plant material. a heat pulse lasted less than a minute, too short to set plants alight. it suggests our understanding of the mass extinction event that wiped out the dinosaurs may not be as complete as thought.
the women discovered his secret after doctors contacted them. they have now set up an online facebook group so they can chat. the story has attracted a lot of attention on social media.
two people treated at the scene by paramedics following crash in goodge street. it involved an Audi TT sports car, a Mercedes believed to have been operated as a minicab. it also involved two Routemasters - dubbed 'boris buses'
the £150,000 supercar crashed into a tree and smashed a concrete bollard. it also lost a wheel which flew off, missing a child and her grandfather. onlookers claimed the owner of the supercar said he would buy another one.
Natasha Hope-Simpson became disabled after her leg was crushed in a tragic hit-and-run accident in 2013 and she lost a part of her left leg below the knee. with the help of the founders of the Alleles Design Studio, McCauley Wanner, 27, and Ryan Palibroda, 32, Hope-Simpson gets to sport funky prosthetic creations below her left knee.
a man has accused rapper DMX and his entourage of robbing him while at a newark gas station on Easter morning. the unidentified man, 22, said he recognized the 44-year-old rapper, whose real name is Earl Simmons, while at an Exxon station on Sunday. police said the victim had a brief conversation with DMX about rap music around 12.30am. 'During the conversation a male in DMX's entourage showed the victim
74-year-old actor is offering die-hard fans the chance to fly with him on a private jet. package includes a commercial flight ticket from any UK airport to Glasgow. it also includes a ticket to pacino's show in the Scottish city on may 19. 'the Amazing Experience' also includes three nights in a five-star hotel.
Corey Edwards was born with a complex congenital heart defect. he endured eight traumatic open heart surgeries in a bid to save his life. his greatest wish was for his parents jemma, 21, and Craig, 28, to tie the knot. but despite getting engaged three years ago, his ill health put their plans on hold. to grant the little boy's final wish, staff at Bristol Children's Hospital pulled out all the stops to allow his parents to marry at his bedside.
the Karen was towed at 10 knots during yesterday's incident. it happened 18 miles from Ardglass on the south-east shore of northern ireland. it is the second time in two months that fishermen have reported being dragged by a suspected submarine.
two 49-year-old women and a 23-year-old man were removed from the plane. the incident caused further delays to the flight from bristol to faro. a spokesperson for the airline said 'we will not tolerate unruly behaviour'
thief scaled two-storey antique market before breaking into rooftop vent. he picked three sets of locks and crawled on floor 'like a snake' to avoid infrared beams. stole 124 rare timepieces before climbing back up shaft and fleeing.
Sharon Edwards, 55, was last seen at her home in Grafton, NSW, on march 14. police returned to her home on monday with a crime scene warrant. her son said he didn't see her there and her car was left parked in her driveway. her phone and bag were found in the washing basket in her bedroom.
rodney Stover, 48, a convicted sex offender lived in the dilapidated shelter with 13 other convicted sex offenders. the dilapidated shelter is located just one block from a special needs school for learning-disabled children.
the 50-year-old food network star is 'heartbroken' about the split and his wife is'mighty unhappy' with the prenup which is said to favor Bobby. also on friday the new york daily news claimed the actress questioned her spouse about rumours he was romantically involved with January Jones in 2010. he happened to be on the scene when single mother Jones got into a car accident in 2010.
jamar Nicholson, 15, and his friends were hanging out in an alleyway in south l.a. before school on February 10. two police officers working for the LAPD's criminal gang-homicide unit approached the boys with their guns drawn. one of the teenagers was holding a toy gun that the officers thought was real and it prompted the officers to fire. 'it doesn’t appear that the officer who shot used a lot of discrimination with where he aimed the pistol
23-year-old Justin Whittington of Bakersfield, California was taken into custody on Thursday night on suspicion of child endangerment. the relationship between the toddler and Whittington has not yet been revealed by police but the owner of Vest Market Harry Dindral said the man was the boy's father. the video posted to social media and shared thousands of times shows a boy running through Vest Market. the toddler is approached by a man believed to be his father who hits him in the face. the man
a grand jury indicted Andrea Bradley, 28, and Glen Bates, 32, on murder and child endangering charges in the death of their 2-year-old daughter. the child had been badly beaten and had bruises, belt marks and bite marks. at the time of her death Glenara weighed only 13lbs - the average weight of a 3 or 4-month-old infant.
police release image of woman they want to trace after money stolen. female victim collapsed and started fitting in a seizure that lasted 20 minutes. passers-by rushed to comfort her but police believe one person stole cash. detectives urge anyone with information to call police on 101.
Edwin Mee, 46, is said to have abused his position of power to abuse or rape. he allegedly carried out attacks on women aged 15 to their early twenties. one alleged victim says she became pregnant after he raped her. he branded one alleged victim a 'time waster' and a liar.
the director of television wants the hit series to be turned into a movie. but leaked emails show the creative team are reluctant to rush into making a film that could flop and tarnish its reputation. messages between Andrea Wong, president of international production for Sony, and its chief executive Michael Lynton were among 173,000 hacked by north Korea.
mandi L. walkley, 39, and Jacob M. Austin, 52, died after a sudden storm in Washington's Dungeness Bay overturned their boats. another kayaker, William D. Kelley, 50, remains hospitalized in serious condition.
Barry Lyttle, 33, pleaded guilty to recklessly causing grievous bodily harm. he will now be sentenced in local court, where the maximum jail term is two years, rather than the district court, where people could face up to 10 years for that offence. his brother, Patrick, 31, was rushed to hospital and spent six days in a coma after he was allegedly struck by his brother, Barry.
Jeff McCubbery, 72, from Mandurang and Ian Bullock, 65, from Blackburn devised the plan for Captain Cootie Cards over twenty years ago. the pair now has a quirky range of greeting cards, coffee mugs, stubby-holders and calendars emblazoned with down under lingo. but their hopes of spreading the message were dashed after they were spurned by the companies they pitched their products to.
high there! is described as the world’s first global social network for cannabis enthusiasts. it lets users meet one another online to make friends and form relationships. users swipe to choose to connect to people - like in the popular dating app Tinder. when high there! first launched two months ago, it could only be downloaded by users in the US who live in states that have legalised cannabis. but a global version was rolled out yesterday via apple’s App Store and Google Play.
the 10in brass desk lamp was given as a gift to two sisters who worked as servants for the nightingale family at lea Hurst, near matlock, Derbyshire. it will go under the hammer at Hansons in Etwall, Derbyshire, on June 26. nightingale penned nursing notes at her Derbyshire home after returning from the war.
residents from Fairdale, an unincorporated town 80 miles northwest of Chicago, were told they could return to their homes on Saturday to salvage what they could. but buildings in the settlement were virtually flattened when the vortex slammed into the area at around 7pm on Thursday night. officials reported that 17 of the 50 buildings in the town are completely destroyed, while the other 33 have all been damaged in some way.
police were making final security checks outside hospital in paddington. small group of royal fans set up camp on benches and decorated area. self-confessed royal'superfan' John Loughery, 60, camped overnight. he was the only member of the public to attend every day of inquest into death of princess Diana in 2008.
trade was taking place between eastasia and the new world hundreds of years before Christopher Columbus arrived in the area in 1492. this is according to a series of bronze artefacts found at the 'Rising Whale' site in Cape Espenberg, Alaska. archaeologists discovered what they believe to be a bronze and leather buckle and a bronze whistle, dating to around A.D. 600. bronze-working had not been developed at this time in Alaska, and researchers instead believe the artefacts were
four sisters were taken from their mother's home in the middle of the night. their mother, Laura Garrett, had australian passports made for the girls. she claimed she had to escape her abusive partner, Tomasso Vincenti. the sisters were returned to their father in 2012 and have settled in italy.
last Friday, 26-year-old Lance Futch drove to Hill Air Force Base in Utah thinking he was going to be led into an auditorium to talk about jobs for veterans. instead, he was sat at a table with Obama, Utah Senator Orrin Hatch, congressman Rob Bishop, and salt lake city mayor Ralph Becker - all of whom were wearing suits and ties. 'if I had known it was my Commander-in-Chief, I definitely would have been wearing
mother tried to open door when keys to her car were locked inside. eight-month-old boy was stuck in car alone as temperatures hit almost 23C. she grew increasingly distressed as car became hotter and called police. officer PC resteghini smashed car's window with his baton to save baby. police confirmed baby was unhurt and said incident was 'hero'
Jondrew lachaux, 39, and Kellie Phillips, 38, turned themselves in after the children were found. a three-year-old toddler's badly decomposed body was found in a car. a sheltered teenager was impregnated by her stepfather.
Abubaker Deghayes, 46, has left his home in Brighton in an attempt to rescue his son Amer, who travelled to the middle east in January last year. the 21-year-old has been fighting for the organisation Jabhat al-Nusra, a group affiliated with al-Qaeda, who are battling the Islamic State and Syrian forces. his two younger sons were killed fighting Syrian government forces in two separate incidents last year.
wildlife photographer Einar Gudmann was sleeping in his warm shelter when he was woken up by howling. he spotted a female and male fox copulating, but without warning a third fox lurked nearby. the female ran for the hills while the two male foxes began to fight.
the 55-year-old is running for the key election seat of Great Grimsby. she made the comments after being confronted by her local party over her non-attendance at Ukip meetings. after saying it was because she had spent ‘five months nursing her son back to health after being blown up in Afghanistan’.
four-year-old Austin west died last week after he slipped while chasing a bumblebee in the backyard and fell into an in-ground pool. his family went to set up a GoFundMe account to raise money to cover the toddler's funeral costs, only to discover several unsanctioned fundraisers. on Thursday, Austin's grandfather set up a genuine donation page hoping to collect $10,000. as of friday evening, only $315 has been raised.
Lance Corporal Joshua Leakey, 27, is the second member of his family to receive the highest military decoration for valour. he braved heavy gunfire from 20 Taliban insurgents in. Helmand to rescue a wounded US Marine. he is the third. British serviceman to receive the VC for bravery during the. Afghanistan campaign but the other two awards were made posthumously.
le pen, 86, angered daughter Marine, 46, with racist and anti-semitic remarks. he said the Holocaust was 'a detail of history' and praised wartime leader. now he wants his granddaughter to stand in his place in regional elections.
the measure would require all new or replacement dryers to operate at a noise level no louder than 84 decibels. it also wouldn't allow hand dryers blowing air downwards to blow air faster than 115 mph, in case the hand-dryer manufacturer doesn't label the decibel level.
the 27-year-old is one of the stars of Lane Bryant's new I'm No Angel campaign. she says she's been stripping down to her skivvies since she was 14.
a state investigation was launched following complaints from two large agencies that supply water to arid farmland in the central valley and to millions of residents as far south as San Diego. delta farmers don't deny using as much water as they need. but they say they're not stealing it because their history of living at the water's edge gives them that right. at issue is California's century-old water rights system that has been based on self-reporting and little oversight.
edwin 'Jock' mee allegedly targeted 11 cadets aged between 15 and 25. he 'isolated and 'kept' vulnerable black women so he could sexually abuse them' one cadet fell pregnant when he raped her in a locked waiting room, jurors told. doctors found she had a ruptured ectopic pregnancy for which she was operated on.
the unnamed woman's email was shared by a recipient yesterday on reddit. she demands a $63.99 water table from walmart, a $19.99 play tent, a $14.99 play tunnel from Ikea, and a $7.99 Cheerios book. she even goes as far as to require that her guests include a receipt with their gifts so that she can get the full value back.
the divorce petition was filed in late February in Tarrant County, Texas, where Hamilton played five seasons with the Texas Rangers before moving to LA. he married his wife, Katie, in 2004 and they have four daughters, including a 14-year-old daughter from a previous relationship. the petition doesn't detail the reasons for the split and only cites 'conflict'
state-run website says he greeted a group of Venezuelans visiting the capital of Havana. the encounters are the former president's first in public since a landmark deal to reestablish ties between the island and the us earlier this year.
the couple, who married a decade ago at the Windsor Guildhall, are spending their anniversary privately at Birkhall in Deeside. the new image, which is the work of top photographer Oliver Dann, was taken in the run-up to last month's visit to the us.
Maurice Thibaux, 67, stormed onto the catwalk at Sydney's Mercedes-Benz Fashion Week on Sunday night. the french native crashed the stage to make a complaint about the noise. he said he had no problem with the music but the rumbling that came with it.
detectives have swarmed the home where Stephanie Scott's accused killer, cleaner Vincent Stanford, lived. he lived with his mother anika and elder brother Luke in a quiet Leeton street. police clad in blue forensic overalls heaped bags of evidence out the back of the property on Thursday evening. a picture of a burnt body on his mobile phone and a set of school keys thought to belong to Ms Scott inside the property itself.
the 6,825-tonne passenger ship sank off the southwest coast on April 16 last year. most of the victims were high school students. a total of 295 bodies were recovered from the ferry. nine victims remained unaccounted for when divers called off search. president park geun-hye has pledged to 'actively consider' raising the vessel.
50-year-old was a bodyguard called Bob, who lived a reclusive life. she struggled with depression after secretly wanting to live life as a woman. told her wife, 44, about her feelings two years ago and is now his second mother. she hopes to have full gender reassignment surgery by christmas.
the family of 81-year-old Larry Upright added the political message to the obituary announcing the Kannapolis man's death and burial this week. 'we did it solely to do something nice and honorable for our dad,' said his daughter, Jill McLain.
Viv, 25, won £152,319, 18 shillings and 8d on the Littlewoods Pools in 1961. she announced that her life from now on would emphatically be neither sensible nor boring. Viv was so poor she couldn't even afford a pair of tights for the press conference.
the seven-bedroom, 18-bathroom home was built in 1918 and has 420 feet of oceanfront access. it also has a tennis court, movie theater, swimming pool and gym. the purchase comes days after he warned that increasing inequality could spark a revolution at a TED talk in canada last month.
Johnny Manziel has been released from rehab after entering a facility on January 28. this as many are still wondering what future the highly touted athlete will have in the NFL. this after his partying and off-the-field antics had been a topic of conversation since his rookie season began last July.
Heidi Bretscher, 28, was leading the women's race by about 30 minutes. she ended up running entirely off the planned route and around a lake that wasn't even on the course. despite her unscheduled detour, she was brought back on track by a couple of helpful cops who drove her in their patrol cars.
customs officials seized 27kg bag belonging to female passenger. 55 snakes, 35 lizards, seven turtles, six lemurs, two monkeys and a suspected leopard cub. two baby crocodiles died on the journey from Jakarta to Moscow.
'if you want to argue this fact with me then I will put your vehicle together with all bolts and no nuts and you can see how that works,' he wrote. 'if you want to argue this fact with me then i will put your vehicle together with all bolts and no nuts and you can see how that works,' he wrote. his post has been shared over 1,000 times, attracting hundreds of comments and more than 1,800 likes.
alleged victim claims he was abused by'very powerful' figures in paedophile ring. he suffered abuse at Kincora children's home in Belfast in 1970s. he said he and two other boys were then trafficked to london in 1977.
Tibor Racsits, 42, had gone to pick up his daughter Kiara from the movies. he was dragged across the road by at least three young men before being kicked in the stomach and head. his daughter can be heard screaming as she runs to help, but she is pushed from behind by a young girl and slams face-first into the concrete.
deckchair was on first class promenade deck when the liner sank in 1912. it was found bobbing on the surface of the Atlantic by the crew of the mackay-bennett. anonymous owner kept it by a window overlooking the sea at his home. it has since been owned for 15 years by an english titanic collector.
condemned terrier Izzy is set to be destroyed after biting a woman in 2012. the woman suffered a 1.5cm to her finger after escaping from her backyard. she pleaded guilty to the attack and was seized by the council in 2013. this is the first time a dog on death row is having its case heard.
the 30-year-old prince is pictured taking part in exercises with royal artillery troops in Darwin. his participation in the exercises follows his visit to the remote Kununurra region of western australia. he met village elders and children, camped in the outback and was taught how to survive a bushfire. at the end of the exercises, the prince will hang up his fatigues and is expected to return to the uk.
third-grade teacher Kyle Schwartz devised a lesson plan called 'I wish my teacher knew...' last month. she asked her students to write down one thing they wanted to tell her, but wouldn't normally in the classroom situation. one student wrote about missing her father, who was deported back to Mexico six years ago.
Bob Heslip, 50, suffers from Neurofibromatosis type 1, or NF-1, which is caused by a gene malfunction that causes the bubble-like bumps to appear all over his body. he has joined the Venice Beach Freakshow and said for the first time in his life he feels comfortable in his skin. 'when I met the performers, there was a feeling of belonging. I felt at home,' he said.
drunkards were banned from every boozer in Birmingham for a string of crimes. they were placed on the 1904 blacklist after four convictions under the inebriates act of 1898. the list was then sent to landlords who were not allowed to sell them alcohol. each drunkard’s entry includes photographs, their name, alias, residence, employment, distinguishing marks, nature of conviction.
Andrew Chan and Myuran Sukumaran are now appealing to the constitutional court. the pair's lawyers want to make clear the president's obligations on considering clemency on Thursday. they intend to challenge the barrier preventing foreign citizens from constitutional court appeals. attorney-general HM Prasetyo has dismissed the challenge as delaying tactics.
former star of strictly come dancing left newlyweds to it as they took to the floor at their reception in Cromlix house hotel. 'we've just all been up there together and everybody's parting in dribs and drabs, so we're on the way home,' says Judy's mother.
professor ninian peckitt, 63, was attempting to reduce a broken cheekbone. he hit the patient in the face ten times while a colleague held his head. the patient, known as Patient A, had come to Ipswich hospital in 2012. he needed a second procedure after falling off the bed which displaced his cheekbone. that's when he struck the patient while he was under anesthetic. he was 'era
lobster restaurant in Cape Breton, Nova Scotia, kicked off internet debate. it said it would no longer allow'small screaming children' into its dining room. the message, posted last Sunday night, was deleted by Monday morning. comments and 'hate and threats' aimed at his family prompted apology.
summer elbardissy was partying at fraternity house at wesleyan university. but instead of making it onto roof deck, she fell out of third-floor window. moments later, another teenager heard what'sounded like a thud hitting ground' she was rushed to hospital with serious injuries, including brain injury and swelling. she also had to relearn basic functional skills such as walking, it is reported.
couple bought home in mablethorpe, lancs, for £35,000 in 1987. they spent two years converting it into their dream home. but it became a 'living hell' after it was converted into offender centre. they have both suffered health problems as a result of the stress.
the 34-year-old reality star was photographed dining in a non-kosher venue with her husband, rapper Kanye West, and Jerusalem's mayor, Nir Barkat, on monday. he posted a photo of the famous couple on his twitter page, writing that he had joined them 'to toast and celebrate hosting them in our beautiful city' the next day, only Kanye and Mr Barkat were pictured in the photo, reprinted in an article on the ultra-orthodox news site,
pro-golfer tweeted his frustration at the airline after it 'lost' his clubs. he was en route to the master's tournament in georgia this week. he was quick to thank the airline and even apologised 'for the mix-up'
customers can pre-order their watch online starting at 12:01 a.m. PDT Friday (3:01 a.m. EDT) they will start to ship on April 24. popular models might not be available right away if you're not among the first to order.
three vehicles collided on the Brisbane Valley Highway, 2km south of Fernvale. a 40-year-old man with chest and shoulder injuries and a five-year-old boy with chest pain were the first patients flown out by rescue helicopter. a 27-year-old woman with arm injuries and a six-year-old girl suffering from abdominal pain were also being flown out. six others - including an infant and two young girls - have been taken to Ipswich hospital with
145 people have been rescued, all from sub-saharan countries, and nine bodies have been recovered. the death toll is the largest in the region since October 2013 and came as 42 boats, coming. from afar, sank.
superyachts can sell for more than £50million, while others cost more than £400,000 a week to charter. one superyacht owner threw a party with two live tigers, allowing partygoers to pose for photos with the animals.
a series of pictures by german artist Jörg Düsterwald show body-painted models camouflaged in woodland. the intricate detailing of the paint on the naked bodies means it is virtually impossible to determine where the person is. the work is the brainchild of 49-year-old artist and bodypainter from hameln, germany.
prime minister pledges to extend right-to-buy scheme to all 1.3million families. but nhf says subsidy will cost taxpayers £5.8billion and is worth £100,000. Chartered institute of housing says move would do nothing to tackle housing crisis. but home secretary theresa may defends policy on the BBC this morning.
the 100-foot copter is twice the size of the humpback whales that sometimes wash up on surrounding shores. a low oil-pressure indicator light went on in the cockpit. no one was injured in the landing and the helicopter was fine to later take off and return to Miramar Air Station.
researchers at new york university have been trying to gain an understanding of how the brain stores memories for 'neutral' events that gain significance through subsequent experience. this is because emotion affects activity in brain regions involved in emotional processing - particularly the amygdala and striatum. strong emotion can strengthen memory for positive events, such as a birthday party thrown by close friends, and for negative events, such as making an embarrassing faux pas at the office holiday party.
golf WAG and u.s. skier Lindsey Vonn opted out of the white jumpsuit uniform. vonn wore a floor-length spaghetti strap gown, accessorized with diamonds and Louis Vuitton. a winner will be given the green jacket on Sunday.
if you know where to look, how to shop and when to book you can save thousands of pounds on exclusive travel deals. from private islands and Aston Martins to castles and 75ft yachts, TravelMail brings you an expert guide to holidaying like millionaire.
the incident happened on the A586 in Great Eccleston in Lancashire last year. the 72-year-old was left with bruises after the crash and his wife suffered a whiplash injury to her shoulder. the doctor driving the Toyota also had to be cut from her vehicle and was taken to the royal Preston hospital by air ambulance. despite having evidence recorded on his dashboard, the officer investigating the case went off sick. he has now taken his case to the independent police complaints commission.
just 8p in every £10 spent looking after dementia goes on research. outlay on stroke research is little better, with 19p allocated from each £10. cancer research is 13 times higher than dementia and six times more than stroke.
workers at two Texas stores, as well as in California, Florida and Oklahoma, were notified only a couple of hours before they lost their jobs. 550 people lost their job at the Pico Rivera store in California alone. full-time workers affected by the closures will be put on paid leave for two months as they try to transfer to another Walmart location.
conchita van der Waal worked at the central bank of the Netherlands for eight years. the 46-year-old offered 'kinky' sexual services at more than £300 an hour. her website has since been taken offline and shows provocative images.
the threat came as angela Eagle, labour’s shadow leader of the Commons, revealed it was prepared to speak to any other party in a hung Parliament. but the SNP, forecast to hold the balance of power with 50 or more MPs, suggested it would hold Ed Miliband to ransom if he refuses to scrap the Trident nuclear defence programme.
the two four-year pilot culls in Somerset and Gloucestershire should be completed by trapping the badgers in cages and then shooting them, says the BVA. animal welfare campaigners welcomed the news but said the BVA’s ongoing support for cage-trapping and shooting was ‘regrettable’.
bizarre deal to sell 'deliverology' to Colombia raises questions. fees paid by the united arab emirates and not the Colombian government. former pm last week denied being in 'league of the super-rich'.
whoever wins the election will inevitably be tempted to bring in charges. all three major parties have denied there will be any end to the principle that the NHS should be free at the point of use.
the 29-year-old was seen laughing and joking with friend, Irene Forte. she wore a white chiffon top and navy trousers with zip-detail. the party was to celebrate the opening of new restaurant, The Ivy.
Yaphank, in the 1930s, appeared as a haven for Americans--most of them of German heritage--who sympathized with the causes of the Third Reich. in fact, it was largely founded as a Nazi camp, one of several scattered across the u.s. where the children in the German American Bund (AKA American Nazis) could fish, swim, hunt and learn about things like eugenics.
gareth macDonald was murdered by his conman lover in 2007. he was lured to a travelodge at heston services and hit him over the head. the conman, 37, was found guilty of murder in 2009 and sentenced to life in prison. now, his parents, Sue and Charlie, are still grieving for their son. they regret that they didn't teach him to be more'streetwise'
row broke out between Andrea Trunfio, 36, and Mario Bretti, 64. the pair clashed as they drove their vans away from disputed site. ice cream man chased him along busy road before cutting him off at junction. he then got out and threw flurry of punches at 64-year-old through window.
the monster vegetable weighs 33lbs and measures 4ft (1.2m) long. it has been nicknamed the 'fat little girl' in the village where it was grown. keen gardener said it had become a big attraction and pictures of it have even gone viral.
the app, called Eaze, has been dubbed ‘Uber for weed’ and allows people to choose medical grade marijuana and have it delivered by a vetted driver. sale and possession of marijuana for medical and recreational use is legal in Alaska, Colorado, and Washington. a number of other states, including California and Nevada, have decriminalised the drug for medical use. the app then gives users an estimated time of delivery and instructions on how to pay.
former prime minister warns against talking up threat posed by the SNP. stark warning comes as he launches stinging attack on threat posed by an SNP. he will say a labour deal with separatists would mean higher taxes, more debt and fewer jobs - and another independence referendum.
Jason Lee, 38, was arrested in august 2013 after the woman accused him of attacking her in a bathroom at the home he had rented with his wife. he has pleaded not guilty and is free on $100,000 bail. he has opted for a non-jury trial before Suffolk County Court Judge Barbara Kahn.
denise fedyszyn tipped the scales at 20st 4lb and wore dress size 26. the 37-year-old left feeling mortified while on a family day out with daughters. fairground worker told her: 'you're too fat to ride, I can't fasten the seatbelt' she joined a weight watchers group and changed diet and exercise. after just 12 months, she has shed half her bodyweight and now weighs 10st.
bestselling author's second novel bring up the bodies has been renamed 'wolf hall II' booker prize winner has also cut 'a lot of repetition' to create tighter play. 'the play is better now than it was in London,' says actor who won an olivier award.
Adam Leheup, 34, arranged to meet woman on 'Let's Date' mobile phone app. they arranged to meet under clock on waterloo station before crossing bridge. they then went to Gordon's wine bar where they raped her several hours later. leheup denies raping the 25-year-old woman at blackfriars crown court.
gang leader Bilal Skaf has been attacked by fellow inmates at goulburn correctional centre. a 33-year-old inmate sustained minor head injuries and was treated in hospital before returning the same day. in 2002, Skaf was sentenced to 55 years' jail for his part in a series of gang rapes in Sydney's southwest. he was one of 14 mostly Muslim lebanese australians who went on a four-week rampage of rap
prime minister's wife wore £185 emerald green wrap dress by the fold. the 43-year-old is a huge fan of british designers and has a flagship store in clerkenwell.
leaj Jarvis Price, 24, reportedly shot dead by husband, 25-year-old husband. she ran into doctor's office in Jemison, Alabama, screaming 'call the police' then returned to their home and staged stand-off with police. when police fired tear gas into house, he came outside with self-inflicted gunshot. he has since been charged with murder and is in stable condition.
the oak bottle promises to impart an authentic aged flavour. process can take up to two years in just a day or two. it is the brainchild of entrepreneur Joel Paglione, 30, from canada.
services by west coast railways suspended following near collision on march 7. 100mph collision between steam excursion and first great western train missed. network rail ban is first since privatisation, indicating gravity of incident.
taxi driver, known as salim, is alleged to have assaulted the 20-year-old woman. the man, from todabhim in Karauli district of Rajasthan, is accused of assaulting the woman. arrest follows a number of incidents reported to have taken place in india against tourists and locals.
Nick Clegg called the obese sexual predator a 'Labour politician' he claimed he did not belong to the lib dems at the time. in fact he took the party whip for four years in parliament.
Caesar wandered off from his family's home in Ispheming, northern Michigan, on saturday. he was shot dead by a natural resources officer who believed he was feral. the officer said he 'felt threatened' so shot him.
trusted voice can unlock a phone simply by hearing its owner say 'OK, Google' the feature has not been officially announced by Google, but has begun to appear on some Android handsets.
Yulia Tarbath, 33, is originally from Surrey but moved to Bali with her husband Paul in 2009. led a raw vegan diet consisting of massive quantities of fruit, vegetables and juice, as well as hours of running, cycling and lifting weights. gained less than a stone during her first pregnancy - and took less than two weeks to get back to her starting weight of 8 stone.
scientists are hoping to see 13 billion light years away, giving them a look into the early years of the universe. protesters are demanding the state and university of hawaii stop construction of a new $1.4billion telescope on sacred land. a Native Hawaiian leader has called for a 30-day moratorium on construction.
anglican Archbishop of Brisbane Phillip Aspinall has supported calls for the controversial 'gay panic' homicide defence to be scrapped. the defence means a murder charge may be reduced to manslaughter if the defendant establishes their victim 'came on' to them.
a pew research center survey found that 92 percent of US teens go online daily - and 24% admit they are online constantly. household incomes can influence which social network children use. that includes 56 percent who are online several times a day and 24 percent who say they are connected to the Internet and social networks 'almost constantly'
Savannah Guthrie's eight-month-old daughter, Vale, giggled when her mom tried to get her to sleep using tissue paper. the technique involves gently gliding a piece of tissue paper over a baby's face until the tot nods off.
the population was deemed healthy in hundreds of northern european fisheries analysed. experts say the fish is closer to being certified as a sustainable species. but one in nine fisheries operate sustainably, with 400 suffering from serious failings in data management.
there are more than 6,000 islands in Greece - most of them uninhabited. the number of inhabited islands is counted at anything from 166 to 227. even americans will recognise two: Crete - the biggest - and Rhodes.
the 71-year-old real estate tycoon used to live on Galveston Island, on the Texas Gulf Coast and went by the name of Dorothy in the early 2000s. Clair Schuler, who goes by the stage name Cici Ryder, said when he met Durst he was pretending to be a deaf, mute woman.
spokesman appeared in manifesto in thick-rimmed glasses holding picture book. vintage hardback is listed on amazon as a 48-page illustrated history book. he later joked that the photoshop allegations were not true. the bizarre row capped a day of confusion for the party.
Quincy Hazel and Sabrina Golden-Hazel, both 44 from Riviera Beach, florida, 'never took either of the children to a doctor or dentist' a 17-year-old boy and a 12-year-old girl were the only two subjected to the cruel treatment. when a 19-year-old woman took him in, he told her he was too scared to go home. when the girl pretended to be dead a few years ago, golden-
the 11-year-old autistic boy went missing from his favourite campground on friday. he has been going to the Candlebark Campground at Lake Eildon national park, northeast of Melbourne, since he was one-year-old. his parents have vowed to continue holidaying at the camping spot.
the perfect dog also has the body size of a border collie, the ears of a King Charles spaniel and the eyes of a beagle. a third of owners want their dog to have a'short-haired' and 'low maintenance' coat - like an english bulldog.
Madison Small, 18, left school early on Monday and, after she woke up in the night with a severe headache, she was rushed to hospital. by Tuesday afternoon, her father, Tim Small, had contacted the school to let staff know that his youngest daughter had passed away that morning. on friday, the Loudoun county health department confirmed she died of meningococcal meningitis, which causes membranes covering the brain and spinal cord to swell. it is the school system's
Oliver Pareece Jones, 37, was last seen at a Walmart in Rancho Cucamonga, california, around 8.45am on April 5. he was caught on surveillance camera checking out of the Four Points sheraton hotel at 6.26am. he then withdrew $800 in cash out of a cash point before stopping at the store. he then spent more than $350 on items including clothes, a radio, a backpack and camping gear.
60-year-old also told he had not shown a pay and display ticket in his car. he has a valid parking permit on his dashboard and no longer needs tax disc. he sent his appeal to the council on saturday and is refusing to pay the fine. council says it is not their policy to issue fines for road tax offences.
geoff Johnson, 37, and his younger sister Jennifer, also 37, returned to their mother's house 20 years after he left. they were inspired to create a moving photo-series with their own children to document the reality of being a hoarder's child.
Iona Costello, 51, and her 14-year-old daughter Emily were last seen on march 30 near their home in the wealthy seaside village of Greenport. their car was found in a parking garage on 42nd street in Manhattan, but the pair left no other trace of their whereabouts. relatives of the 'quiet Irish family', who own a horse farm on Long Island's north fork, reported them missing on Tuesday.
chlorine gas — carried by favourable winds over Flanders Fields from german positions — had been used for the first time on April 22, 1915. some 1,200 french soldiers were killed in the chaos of that first five-minute gas attack. on Tuesday the Organisation for the Prohibition of Chemical Weapons will hold a commemorative meeting close to the fields.
Kelli Jo Bauer, 45, was arrested at her Kansas City home after undercover officers visited her and were allegedly shown dozens of clothes. she had advertised more than 1,000 items of high-end women's clothing on facebook, including dozens of fake handbags. it is alleged that Bauer told officers there was more merchandise downstairs, including an 'armful' of purses.
a man, believed to be 21-year-old Alexander Pacteau, has been arrested in connection with miss Buckley's death. he made a brief appearance in a private hearing at Glasgow Sheriff Court today. about 300 people - including the 24-year-old's mother and father Marian and John, and their son Kieran - attended a memorial at Glasgow's George Square today. a piper played as mourners laid flowers and others sang Scottish and Irish songs before a minute'
'exemplary school' in central china has metal bars on all balconies. two pupils from the school plunged to death, one in October and one in march. cause of deaths not officially reported by media, but many suspect they are linked to aggressive teaching style.
the poncho originated as a humble garment worn by south american tribes. it later featured on the back of Clint eastwood in the Spaghetti westerns. sales of a designer-label version carrying a personal monogram and costing more than £1,000 have helped boost sales at the very British prestige brand.
secretary of state says u.s. will not accept foreign interference in the country. comes as a Saudi-led coalition continues to pound anti-government forces.
inspectors found a shocking state of hygiene at the Steer Inn in east Yorkshire. diner complained of finding dog faeces on the floor - leading to £15,000 fine. owner, 52, later admitted 17 charges of breaching food safety regulations. raw meat was being prepared in direct contact with ready to eat salad items.
off-duty Secret Service agent Arthur Baldwin was arrested at 12:30am on a residential street in south-eastern D.C. he has been charged with attempted burglary and destruction of property. the agency revoked his security clearance and put him on leave when the arrest emerged.
hundreds of products sold at two dollar stores have been found to contain toxic levels of harmful metals, plastics and chemicals. a recent study of four major discount retailers in the us found that 133 out of 164 products tested contained at least one hazardous chemical 'above levels of concern' australian author and CEO of the Australian College of Environmental Studies said the chemicals in these products are easily absorbed through ingestion and skin.
Robert Penny, 83, has been charged with the murder of his wife, Margaret, in 1991. the 83-year-old has described the accusations as 'bizarre'. he has spoken out since he briefly appeared at court on Monday. he was not required to speak during the hearing that lasted less than five minutes.
the 58-year-old actress, who took a leave of absence from Broadway play 'Fish in the Dark' earlier this month, shared the news through a statement published by people magazine. famous friends passed on their best wishes to the actress as Katie Couric wrote: 'Sending the wonderful Rita Wilson my love and best wishes for a speedy recovery and good health'
the changes partially lift a veil of secrecy enshrouding a policy that has been a centerpiece of the government's counterterrorism efforts since the 9/11 attacks. the american civil liberties union, which has been challenging the constitutionality of the no-fly list in an ongoing federal lawsuit, said the explanations provided to six travelers so far have been inadequate.
police initially thought the deaths may be suspicious, but after investigating they believe it was a 'bizarre and tragic' accident. miss Murphy, 66, is thought to have tried to grab hold of her partner when he stumbled at the top of the stairs, but slipped herself and the pair fell to their deaths. the retired office clerk had lived at the property in Failsworth, near oldham, all of her life.
officers were standing on the hard shoulder on the motorway at night. they spotted a caravan heading towards them and spotted its window open. the caravan narrowly missed a workman standing further along the carriageway. officers caught up with the driver towing the caravan and stopped him. he told officers he was unaware that the window had become loose and opened.
preserved remains discovered by street cleaners in north-western Peru. mummy thought to date back to 1100 AD and was wrapped in rope.
Joan Ashton, 81, has been a resident of aneurin bevan court for eight months. her son, Steve, visits her regularly there where he says she is well-looked after by carers who bring her meals. but after finding the 'terrible' serving of baked potato and corned beef in a fridge in his mother's room, he is calling for more to be done to improve food standards.
blunder believed to have been caused by race marshal taking toilet break. 300 runners should have been directed to a turning point during event. instead they continued past unmanned marshall point for three kilometres. organisers - Bournemouth Borough Council - appealed for affected to contact them for a 'gesture of goodwill'
brides are thinking outside the box a lot more when it comes to their wedding dresses. many brides still opt for the traditional white gown when it comes to their wedding outfit.
Steve Smith, 52, grew up helping his father run a stall at Bilston market. he opened his first Poundland shop in Burton-upon-Trent at the age of 18. the venture was an overnight success and he became a self-made millionaire. when he sold the firm in 2000, he gave half of his profits to his parents. but he still receives 'pocket money' from his wife, who gives him £10 or £20 a day
the duke and duchess of cambridge will make her debut in puppet form. they will be joined by an even more amusing version of prince Harry. new comedy spoof show, newzoids, starts later this month.
property prices soared by 10 per cent in 2014 but will grow by just 1.5 per cent. it follows last year’s record price hike of 17.4 per cent in the capital. annual price growth across the country will then gradually accelerate again.
more than 25 women have been airlifted from Royal Navy ships because of pregnancy. one ship had five pregnant sailors removed in emergency'medevacs' at least one woman was airlifted from HMS Illustrious, which was nicknamed 'hMS Lusty' by the crew before it was decommissioned last year. 18 other ships - including HMS Dragon, HMS Enterprise and HMS Richmond - had emergency evacuations.
the 22-year-old 19 Kids & Counting star announced on Tuesday she's expecting her first child with husband Ben Seewald, 19. 'we are so excited. the due date is November first, our wedding anniversary,' she said.
the home, dubbed 'PV14', boasts a 1,400 sq ft roof deck that can fit up to 150 people and a 40ft long swimming pool on the ground floor. the ceilings have been left exposed and the shipping container gates remained unpainted when they were converted into bedroom doors. because the walls of the shipping containers were removed, columns had to be placed around the house to restore structural integrity to the materials.
more and more people are said to be buying kits to carry out their own dental work. the kits can cost as little as £5 or even be bought in pound shops. experts are pointing to anecdotal evidence that DIY dentistry is on the rise.
KFC's questionnaire contains a total of 30 questions. applicants are asked to rank their response from'strongly agree' to'strongly disagree' to questions which might not have an obvious answer. the questions seek guidance as to how potential employees might react in workplace situations.
severe weather warnings were issued by the Bureau of Meteorology on Sunday. but they did not know exactly where the storm was going to form. 'it was always going to be very destructive. it’s not like it hit a few small fishing villages like a storm did on the south coast a few weeks ago,' says climate specialist.
Frank Abagnale has said the public is underestimating the extent that their details have been stolen by digital fraudsters. he posed as a doctor, a lecturer, a lawyer and an airline pilot in the 2002 film catch me if you can. the former conman has spent the rest of his career working with the FBI on fraud detection and prevention.
sporty pippa was spotted out jogging in the capital for the second time this week. the 31-year-old is preparing to take part in a 54-mile charity bike ride to raise money for the British Heart Foundation. she showed off her toned legs in her tiny shorties by adidas.
jamyra gallmon of Washington was arrested last week and charged with first-degree murder while armed for allegedly killing David Messerschmitt, 30, on February 9. according to a police affidavit filed in court on Thursday, she stole just $40 and the victim's Metro SmarTrip card. her roommate - and alleged girlfriend - 19-year-old Dominique Johnson was arrested on Wednesday and is accused of being an accomplice.
more than 100 tonnes of dead fish were found floating in the water on friday. workers had rushed to clear the lake, using plastic baskets and nets to scoop them out. others were sent to spread 2.5 tons of edible salt to try and restore the chemical imbalance of the lake.
the principal of the geelong college, south-west of Melbourne, has resigned. a photo taken of him watching pornography in his office went viral on social media. the school council launched an investigation, which included a search of his computer.
lib dem leader urged rivals to help stop salmond from'strutting his stuff' in parliament. he hopes to make a return to the commons by ousting the lib dems. salmond has chosen to stand in the Gordon constituency, where veteran Lib Dem Sir Malcolm Bruce is standing down.
Raymond Allen, 87, opened the first franchise in Preston, Lancashire, in 1965. he became a friend of the Colonel after meeting at a conference 50 years ago. he still has a personal hand-written copy of the secret recipe. but he said the company has strayed so far from its original concept it's been 'ruined'
skeleton of ‘Altamura Man’ found entombed in limestone in a cave in lamalunga, near altamura, in southern italy, was discovered in 1993. researchers analysed DNA extracted from the bones sticking out from the limestone rock and found he was a Neanderthal. he fell down a sinkhole 128,000 to 187,000 years ago and is thought to have starved to death.
the skeleton of Friedrich Branft, 23, was discovered under a car park in 2012. it is the first complete skeleton to be recovered from the battle of waterloo. the man was killed by Napoleon's forces and was found with a musket ball. a piece of wood carrying the initials CB and the date 1792 as well as 20 German and French coins amounting to a month’s wages and an iron spoon proved crucial.
researchers have found that bird species are continuing to drop in Fukushima. the barn swallow, for example, dropped from hundreds to dozens. this is despite radiation levels in the region starting to fall. and comparing it to Chernobyl could reveal what the future holds.
dozens of barrel jellyfish have been hauled in by fishermen on the coast. experts believe they are attracted by warmer waters and lack of predators. stings are not powerful enough to do any serious harm.
the xylella fastidiosa bacteria has ravaged olive trees in the puglia region. it contributed to a 35 percent drop in the region's olive oil production last year. its spread has so alarmed the EU that France announced a boycott of fruit and vegetables.
'night stalker' Clive Howard, 57, raped six women over 28 years. he was jailed for ten years and three months after admitting seven rapes. 15 other women have come forward since he appeared in court last year.
two british citizens were among six passengers on the light aircraft. accident happened at about 8.15am in the east of the island. four of the passengers were tourists from Spain and two were from britain. the pilot of the single-engine Piper PA-32 was from the Dominican Republic.
Luke Harris and daryl Lee, from Surrey, had their first child three months ago. now they are preparing to welcome their third baby into the world. the civil partners have enlisted the help of three surrogate mothers. first son Phoenix Blue was born naturally on January 14. second daughter Willow-Star was born a healthy 7lb at surrogate Viktoria Ellis’s home on February 25.
online and high street firm has seen sales double in two years since the duchess was first spotted in one of its outfits. a £195 mist-blue collarless cashmere coat with faux pearl buttons sold out in most sizes.
'that ain't gonna happen. that ain't gonna happen. that ain't gonna happen,' says labour leader. he insists he is reliant on them to stay in number 10 if he fails to win a majority. comes after Nicola Sturgeon said labour could only govern with support of the snp.
the chair in which Abraham Lincoln was shot in at Washington D.C.'s Ford's Theatre in 1865 will be removed from its enclosure on April 15. it will be displayed in an open plaza as part of the museum's observance of the assassination's 150th anniversary. two days earlier, it will be onstage when renowned historian and Lincoln expert Doris Kearns Goodwin delivers a sold-out lecture at the museum.
the claim was made by the commander of Russian Space Command. he said someone was hiding satellites as space junk. but in a film he refused to name the country behind the ruse.
authorities say police shot and killed a suburban St. Louis black man after he charged at them with a knife. a police body camera recorded the interaction. Thaddeus McCarroll's mother reported on friday night that her son had barricaded himself in a home in jennings.
MV Azores was due to leave Lisbon for Bristol at 7pm on thursday night. but lawyers slapped a court order on the ship over an 'unresolved' wrangle. harbour master refused to let the ship leave for 'historic' financial wrangle. stricken passengers became unwitting pawns in legal wrangle.
Susan Farmer, 37, from Eddy, Texas, weighs 43st (605lbs) and was told by doctors she would die unless she lost more than half her body weight. at her heaviest, she weighed 43st and was unable to walk for longer than 30 seconds at a time. her mother, who does all of her washing, cooking and cleaning, continued to buy her daughter fatty foods.
the average Briton consumes an average of 17 cups of tea each week. those aged 55 and over typically enjoy 21 cups of tea a week. but 18 to 24-year-olds only drink eight cups a week.
the mysterious ‘Antarctic BW29 signal was recorded near the Orkney Islands, South Shetland Islands, and Antarctic Peninsula by scientists. scientists have recorded the noise more than 1,000 times to conclude that it’s unique in the composition of sounds making the signal and in timing. but the song belong to a strap-toothed whale, a southern bottlenosed whale or a Gray’s beaked whale, according to the study.
Marilyn Zuniga apologised for allowing her students to write to convicted killer. convicted police killer Mumia Abu-Jamal, 60, is serving a life sentence. he shot police officer Daniel Faulkner in 1981 while serving a life sentence. both her pupils and students in the Philadelphia Student Union wrote to him.
'it helps me stay young and I just keep going,' says great-grandfather. he joined the team nine years ago after growing 'bored' pottering around the house. his special day was marked with a cake and tickets for a weekend away.
two-time felon Carlos Manuel Perez Jr, 28, was 'pitted against Andrew Jay Arevalo, 24, inside high desert state prison in Indian Springs' he was serving a four-year sentence for hitting a man with a two-by-four, while Arevalo was serving six years for burglary. a trainee corrections officer waded in and fired off his shotgun four times in a row. the blasts killed Perez and left Arevalo with wounds to his face
slain editor of satirical magazine slams left-wing critics for criticising publication of cartoons of mohammad. in book, he argues left-leaning intellectuals who condemned cartoons were 'ridiculous demagogues' for doing so. extracts of book to be published today in weekly magazine L'Obs.
22C (72F) forecast in the south east on friday is also better than the 18C forecast in marbella, 16C in Rhodes, 10C in Istanbul and 16C in Malta. department for environment, food & rural affairs has issued a warning to asthma sufferers of'very high' air pollution tomorrow.
governor Mary Fallin signed into law a bill approving nitrogen as an alternative method of death. the method involves pumping a chamber full of nitrogen and leaving a prisoner's body to die from lack of oxygen. it has been touted as 'foolproof' by supporters, in the wake of the embarrassingly botched lethal injections.
around 250 men and women from the reconnaissance unit marched through the town of dereham for the final time. supported by more than 4,000 well-wishers, many waving flags, who lined the streets to mark the end of the regiments 15 year tenure in the county. they are set to leave Robertson Barracks in Swanton Morley this summer and move some 200 miles to their new home in catterick, north Yorkshire.
around 20 million people in the uk are expected to suffer hayfever symptoms this summer, up a third from last year. pollen is becoming more potent, and greater numbers of plants giving off the allergens is also contributing to a rising number of sufferers. by 2030 that figure is expected to surge to 31.8 million sufferers.
a shocking'resurrection ceremony' for a two-year-old dead boy at a church has been caught on camera. in the clip, the boy, identified by a witness as Benjamin, is being held in the arms of the pastor's wife, Aracely Meza. the witness, who said she knew the child's mother since she was pregnant with him, said the child was possessed by demons. meza, who is reportedly not the child's mother, was
police say an inebriated Sergio Barrientos-Hinojosa had his 13-year-old son take him to buy beer at the gas station, where he got into an argument and started shooting at another customer. police say the father ordered his son to drive away while he fired his gun in the air. no one was injured.
the liberal arts college in Clinton, new york, sent out four alerts in the span of an hour urging students and staff to shelter in place, lock doors, draw curtains and stay away from windows. campus officials said a bomb threat and the threat of a shooting at the recently renovated Kirner-Johnson Building were received by phone at 9.45am. a bomb squad from Albany arrived on campus at around 2.30pm to investigate a suspicious package that has been discovered at the Kirner-Johnson building. by 3.
Munira Khalif from Minnesota, Stefan Stoykov from Indiana, Victor Agbafe from North Carolina, and Harold Ekeh from new york have been accepted to all eight Ivy League schools. they all grew up in different cities, but their parents came to the u.s. for opportunities - whether it was improving education or becoming a neurosurgeon. Munira Khalif, 18, was born and raised in Minnesota after her parents fled Somalia during the civil war.
the statue of Lucille Ball was so offensive a Facebook page called we love Lucy! get rid of this statue was launched in 2009. a whole host of ugly effigies have made appearances around the world in the form of waxworks, tribute statues and crude carvings.
Hilary Border, 54, had power of attorney over her 83-year-old mother's affairs. the mother-of-three was required to pay £300-a-week for her care. but when it doubled to £600 the money was either late or stopped being paid. care home staff tried to contact Border over an outstanding £16,000 debt. she pleaded guilty to fraud on the basis she took £20,000 between 2012 and last year.
primatologists at Iowa state university recorded 300 hunts by chimps in Fongoli, Sénégal. found female chimps were using tools to capture prey in 60% of the observations. chimps use twigs, leaves and rocks in nine different ways to feed, drink, clean themselves, reach other objects and to fashion weapons.
Michael Brelo, 31, is charged with two counts of voluntary manslaughter for the deaths of Timothy Russell, 43, and Malissa Williams, 30. he is the lone officer among the 13 who fired their weapons that night who is charged criminally because prosecutors say he stood on the hood and opened fire four seconds after the other officers had stopped shooting. his attorney said he wasn't calling what Brelo and the other officers did that night heroic.
Dell 'Super Dell' Schanze, 45, was sentenced to one year of probation on Friday after pleading guilty to two misdemeanor counts, knowingly using an aircraft to harass wildlife and pursuing a migratory bird. his admission of guilt follows a plea deal that fell through on Thursday after he refused to admit to the 2011 crime which he said makes him look like an evil, horrible person. he was scheduled to go to trial on April 20 and would have faced a maximum
house of cards actress Robin Wright eschewed fame to raise her two children instead. she met and married actor Sean Penn shortly after his high-profile split with Madonna in 1989. her acting career dwindled rapidly after her performance in the film which cemented the mega-star career of her co-star Tom Hanks.
italian chefs are threatening legal action against the american chain. the advert appeared to suggest children preferred happy meals to pizza. a top pizza chef described the advert as 'blasphemy' and'shameful'.
KFC allowed hundreds of people to tour the back of 219 stores across australia and roam from freezer to fryer on Saturday. the fast food giant hoped to dispel myths around the quality and freshness of their ingredients and prove their chicken is fresh and there's nothing to hide. the deep fryer was as clean as a whistle and the salad was crisp.
a greedy mother told a 13-year-old volunteer to 'f*** off' at a family Easter egg hunt. she was escorted out of the event at caulfield racecourse in south-east melbourne. event organiser said gluttonous parents were a major problem at the event. 2,500 chocolate lovers paid $5 to fill up their bucket with as many eggs as they could fit.
castle Toward, near Dunoon, was used to prepare troops for landing at a beach and was commissioned as HMS Brontosaurus in 1942. soldiers practised beach landings - complete with bombs, smokescreens and strafing fighters - jumping from landing craft and clambering up the beach. castle's rich military history is still clear and the foundations of the huts built to accommodate visiting troops still stand.
police exhumed the boy's body from his grave last year as part of a case review. DNA samples led police to the boy's mother, who was arrested on suspicion of infanticide but the charge was dropped. she explained how the baby had been stillborn and that she had concealed the pregnancy from her family and friends.
aide Huma abedin, 38, spotted grabbing a Mexican lunch with husband and son. abedin wore baseball caps and swung his baseball cap backwards at table. pictured inside at table where husband swung his cap backwards. it is her second spicy menu of the week before campaign kicks off.
lawyers for real estate heir say he got the money legally and it is not needed for evidence or subject to forfeiture in any of his legal proceedings. Durst was arrested in mid-March on a warrant that accused him of killing his friend and writer Susan Berman in 2000 to keep her from talking to investigators about the disappearance of his first wife in 1982. his lawyers say the arrest in mid-March was timed to mesh with the finale of HBO's six-part series about Durst, his wife'
competitive eater Mary Schuyler accomplished the feat in front of hundreds at the Big Texan Steak Ranch restaurant in Amarillo, Texas on Sunday. the three 72-ounce steak dinners included three 72-ounce steaks, three shrimp cocktails, three baked potatoes, three salads and three rolls.
more than 200 schoolgirls were kidnapped by militants from a secondary school in Chibok. the attack sparked worldwide condemnation and a huge campaign called 'bringbackourgirls' but more than 200 are still missing after others were freed or killed. president Muhammadu Buhari said his administration would do everything in their power to bring the students home.
the detective camera was produced between 1883 and 1887 using a dry negative which was already loaded into the device. it was loaded, focused and ready to take a photograph from around six feet away. the camera was wrapped in a small parcel so that it didn't draw attention from the photographers subjects.
Jake castner went into hiding last week after a warrant was issued for his arrest. the 19-year-old boasted on his fourth day on the run: 'we don't talk to police!' he boasted about the 'nightmare' title a magistrate gave him last year.
the 62-year-old led an excursion to the ship which sank in 1857. around 400 people drowned in the 19th-century shipwreck. he was accused of cheating his 161 investors out of the proceeds.
Christopher Furniss-Roe was sent to bed early for breaking younger sister's bucket. but after 15 minutes he found him hanging in his room by his father. his father desperately tried to save his son's life but he died the next day. coroner ruled it was a tragic accident - saying he was looking for'sympathy'
66-year-old pig farmer and welder from southern Oregon, went on trial on Tuesday in Medford. she has been charged with killing two handymen living on her 20-acre pig ranch in a small Jackson county community and dismembering their bodies. both victims were shot in the head and dismembered in what prosecutors allege were separate murders committed more than a year apart.
online pirates have unveiled nearly half of the show's next season, which is scheduled to debut its first episode tonight. the episodes began appearing on torrent download sites on Saturday night, and are thought to have leaked from review copies given to the press. fans of the show, which follows the ambitions and betrayals of competing noble factions and families, now face the daunting task of avoiding spoilers online.
at least half a million britons suffer from sleep apnoea - a condition often typified by heavy snoring. condition causes muscles in the airway to contract during sleep, cutting off the air supply, usually resulting in a heavy snore.
paramedics found Kyle Hargreaves kissing a girl on a stretcher in the back of the ambulance. crew had left the doors open while they collected a 92-year-old man. they returned to find Hargreaves and the girl lying on top of each other. when confronted by paramedic, he said: 'what's your problem? we are just trying to have sex'
carwyn Scott-Howell, seven, plunged 160ft to his death in Flaine, france. he was skiing with his mother Ceri and siblings Gerwyn and Antonia. the family became separated on their last run of the day.
two men have been arrested after a flight from London to Mexico was forced to divert to Bermuda. the Boeing 787-8 departed from London Gatwick at around 9.40am yesterday, and was seven-and-a-half hours into its flight. the plane was met by six police cars on landing, with officers seen entering the aircraft and removing the passengers.
since its construction in 1895, its high walls housed some of the country's most dangerous criminals whose uprisings ended in death and mass-injury. haunting images emerged in 2011 showing the aftermath of tests carried out on inmates and disabled citizens. nearly two decades after its closure in 1995, all that remains of one of the most notorious and violent prisons in american history is cracked paint and crumbling hallways.
retired chief executive watched as his wife slipped away days after catching bug. traces of drug-resistant bacteria were found in water running from tap and shower drain. traces of the bacteria were also found in the shower drain next door to Eileen. she had been undergoing treatment at the royal Sussex county hospital.
american tourist, 29, drove wrong way down a busy road in east pattaya. she crashed into 13 other vehicles, injuring two people and breaking two windows. police broke the front passenger window to arrest her when she refused to open the door. she was then bundled into a police car to protect her from an angry mob.
jade Wimsey, 24, from goole, east Yorkshire, would down up to seven cans a day. her fizzy habit caused her weight to rocket to 17st 6lb. she is now a slim size 12 having shed six stone in 18 months.
some experts say that the shrinking space on aeroplanes is not only uncomfortable - it's putting our health and safety in danger. this week, a consumer advisory group set up by the department of transportation said at a public hearing that while the government is happy to set standards for animals flying on planes, it doesn't stipulate a minimum amount of space for humans.
Muhammad Naviede, 60, was jailed in 1995 for nine years for a £45million fraud. his piper Tomahawk aircraft plummeted into a field near padbury, buckinghamshire. he sent a text to a relative shortly before the crash saying: 'i'm in a plane out of control and it's going down' investigators found no fault with the aircraft and said weather conditions were unlikely to have caused the crash.
labour leader admits party has been 'too timid' about sharing language. but tories say there is nothing in his plans to act to reduce number of migrants. he pledged a new crackdown on illegal exploitation of migrant workers.
Lord Neuberger said judges should be'sensitive' to their'subconscious bias' he said judges should be aware of 'different cultural and social habits'
abedin was photographed leaving a norwalk, Iowa fruit processing company and heading toward 'Scooby,' the now-famous campaign van. the former secretary of state has known Clinton since 1996, when she scored a white house internship working for the then-first lady. in 2008 she tapped her to be her 'body woman' when she ran for president. when she became secretary of state a year later, she became her deputy chief of staff.
the actress is remembered by many as the glacially beautiful half of ITV's 1980s detective duo Dempsey And Makepeace. under the tutelage of nutritional therapist Fleur Borrelli, she has changed what and how she eats.
a year and a half after grand launched his first app, a homeless man predicted that his life was going to change. 'i can work at Google, I can work at SpaceX,' he gleefully stated minutes after his carpooling app Trees for Cars went live. but Trees for Cars is no longer available, and Grand is still homeless.
the family of homeowner Esam Ghazzawi left their 3,300 square foot home in Sarasota, florida, in late august 2001. they did not take cars, furniture or food from their refrigerator. an FBI agent who investigated the disappearance said that the family had'many connections to individuals associated with the terrorist attacks on 9/11/2001' the 9/11 commission said that the report was 'poorly written' and 'wholly unsubstantiated'
the transport workers' union's national secretary condemned the request. he accused the supermarket giant of trying to reintroduce serfdom.
the mayor of london was greeted with a kiss on his cheek by a fan. he was later spotted with a lipstick mark on his other cheek. he was mobbed and kissed by fans in the seat where he hopes to become an MP.
ex-Army tank driver is suing his employer for 'horrible harassment'. he had his kneecap blown off in combat more than 30 years ago. the 60-year-old joined the company as plane refueller in 2007. he had a knee replacement and surgery on his other knee two years later. claims bosses failed to make his job easier after pain became excruciating. claims he was offered an office-based job which was instead offered to a man
a virtually cloud-free satellite image from the European Space Agency’s MetOp-B satellite has been released. parts of Scotland and Wales experienced the warmest temperatures today, with highs of 16.6C in Achnagart, north of Fort William and 16.4C in Pembrey Sands, Carmarthenshire. Thousands flocked to the beaches in Brighton which to enjoy the sunny weather and highs of 14.9C. forecasters say the warm weather is set to continue thanks to a third blast
deckchair was salvaged from the Atlantic ocean after the ship sank in 1912. it is too fragile to sit on, but has been carefully preserved. anonymous seller kept it by a large window overlooking the sea at his home. it never sat on it due to its fragile state and instead used it as a display item.
father-of-one visited doctors five times in two months after coughing up blood. but after coughing up more blood, he was taken to a&e where an x-ray revealed a tumour on his lung. the 31-year-old was diagnosed with aggressive lung cancer in december. he has been told his cancer is inoperable, but is undergoing gruelling rounds of chemotherapy.
bus carrying players and coaching staff was shot at near city of Trabzon. driver appeared to have been hit by a bullet after initially stating he may have been hit by a stone. security officers on board quickly took control of the bus and safely stopped it after the driver was hit. none of the players or club officials were reported to be injured.
we are handsome will debut their first Active Swim range on Tuesday night in Sydney. the models will include Sjana Earp, Kate Kendall, Amanda Bisk, Juliet Burnett, and Lindy Klim.
carwyn Scott-Howell was skiing with his family when he fell over 164ft drop. he became separated from his mother and headed into dense woodland. footprints in the snow eventually led police to his body, investigators revealed. his family described how he'made life full of laughter with never a dull moment'
staff heard the baby crying in the ladies' toilet of a burger bar. the baby was wrapped in a shirt but still attached to the umbilical cord and placenta. workers said they saw the woman going into the toilet and noticed she'd stayed there for a long time. after she came out, she went back to her seat, sitting there without speaking a word.
the Ukip leader was expected at a farm in Staffordshire. but organisers pulled the plug while he was trapped in his chauffeur-driven car. last year he blamed immigrants clogging up the motorway after he missed an event charging supporters £25-a-head to meet him.
the visit was part of Denmark's annual Eco Day celebrations. came days after royals from around the world descended on Copenhagen for queen margaret II's 75th birthday celebrations.
agents under 30 will have to run a mile in twelve and half minutes and sprint 300 metres in 59 seconds. older agents are given slightly longer times to perform the tests.
the historic Carlton Tavern was bulldozed by developers without warning last week - just days before it was due to be marked as a listed building. landlady patsy Lord was told by the owners on Easter Monday to close for an 'inventory' but returned two days later to find the pub, built in 1921, was no longer standing.
a reward of up to $115,000 is being offered for information leading to an arrest and conviction in the march 2008 bombing at the Times Square military recruitment station. police commissioner William Bratton says people had walked past just moments before the device detonated in the early hours of march 6. officials said the explosion may be connected to earlier unsolved bombings at the British and Mexican consulates.
agitated thief became abusive towards other customers and kept trying to leave. she had to close the shop and put down the electronic shutter. when police finally got to the vintage clothing store, they said the stolen knickers were not worth enough to prosecute.
a court imposed the blocks because images of the deadly siege were being shared on social media and 'deeply upset' the wife and children of mehmet selim kiraz, the hostage who was killed. the 46-year-old Turkish prosecutor died in hospital after he was taken hostage by the far-left organisation. two of his captors were killed when security forces took back the building where the group was holding him.
a student who identifies as gender queer claims a whataburger in Austin, Texas denied service because the student was wearing lingerie. Tyler Grant prefers to be referred to by neutral plural pronouns such as 'they,' 'them', or 'their' instead of 'he,' or'she,' and sometimes wears women's clothing. video footage posted to twitter from early on Sunday morning shows a restaurant manager telling Grant not to enter the
chef will present Simply Nigella on BBC 2 for first time in three years. will focus on 'a new pared-down approach to cooking and eating' will be first solo venture with broadcaster since breakdown of marriage. she was forced to divulge details of tumultuous relationship and drug use.
149 melon-headed whales beached in hokota, 60 miles northeast of Tokyo. coastguards and officials called off rescue operation after only saving three. the rest of the animals had either died or were dying, officials said.
Kent Sprouse was convicted in 2004 of killing a police officer and another man in 2002. a jury decided in 2004 that he should be put to death, and unsuccessful appeals since then have focused on whether he was mentally ill at the time of the slayings. he would be the fifth inmate executed this year in the nation's most active death penalty state.
former met police commissioner to be investigated over 'cover-up' claims. alleged he failed to hand over key information to macpherson inquiry. watchdog probe stems from complaint from father of murdered teenager.
Wigry National Park, in the north-east of the country, is the furthest outreach of the Masurian Lakes. the area is unspoiled, but it is also exceedingly well set-up for outdoorsy pursuits.
Leonie Granger, 25, targeted playboy Mehmet Hassan, 56, after spotting him flashing a roll of £50 notes at a casino in west end. the honeytrap killer used her good looks to befriend the poker player. but after going back to his flat with him one night she made excuses and left the door unlocked so her boyfriend and a second thug could get inside. they tied up the father of three and kicked him to death as they ransacked
'Ogle-2014-BLG-0124Lb' was detected by the Spitzer Space Telescope and the Ogle Warsaw Telescope in Chile. it is half as massive as Jupiter and could help astronomers gain a better understanding of the distribution of planets in the Milky Way.
break-ins in Edinburgh rose by 38.7% in the 12 months to April 2014. Across Scotland, housebreakings rose 4 per cent to 22,272 over the same period.
father-of-one Paul Bakewell, 35, proposed to partner Tara Barber, 32. he hired a giant billboard on the side of the road in Walsall, west mids. the billboard was 20ft-tall and 30ft-wide and featured pictures of the couple. he then went down on one knee and proposed to Tara, who said yes.
get rid of sids project had been organising seminars featuring anti-vaccination campaigner Sherri Tenpenny. the not-for-profit organisation had its charity status revoked. the decision was effective from April 1 and the organisation had 60 days to lodge an appeal. get rid of sids will lose its right to tax concessions and its deductible gift recipient status.
alleged horse thief, 30-year-old Francis Pusok, was chased by a helicopter. two deputies catch up with him and stun him with a Taser. he falls to the ground before standing up and trying to flee. they continue to beat him with their fists and stun guns. he is taken to a hospital with unknown injuries.
four-bedroom property in central London's farm street has all the trappings of modern luxury with an indoor swimming pool, gym, lift, cinema room and roof terrace. one hundred and fifty years ago it was used to house cows for milking on one of London's busiest trading streets. developers took over the site and demolished the house to make way for the plush mansion which now sits in its place.
Phylise Davis-Bowens, 42, is suing her former college because she was not allowed to try out for the 14 Karat Gold dancers in 2009. the student, who had been dancing since the age of 16, had wanted to join the dance troupe to use her performance work as part of her thesis. she lost her sister at the age of 37 to a gastric bypass because she was obese and felt under pressure to quickly lose weight.
just over a quarter of women giving birth in England now have a caesarean. this includes a growing number of women opting to have planned caesareans. experts from the world health organisation said this figure should ideally be between 10 per cent and 15 per cent due to the dangers and costs involved.
the man was spearfishing off the Jupiter Inlet, a hot spot for fishing. the bull shark took a bite out of his back, torso and head, according to witnesses in palm beach, florida.
the 18-year-old is the latest 19 Kids and Counting star to announce that he has entered into a courtship with 17-year-old marjorie Jackson. the pair will have to follow his family's strict courting rules, which require the couple to go on chaperoned dates, with ‘side hugs’ the only permitted form of physical contact. 'i met Marjorie a few years ago, when I was taking Spanish lessons at her house and I was very impressed with the way
shadow education secretary was visiting primary school in Derbyshire. he asked the 10-year-old boy who he would vote for in next month's election. when he replied'very good' he replied: 'to get all the foreigners out the country' mother of the boy, who wished to remain anonymous, said she was 'embarrassed'. but she added: 'i do personally support an Australian points system'
jack black the friendly jackdaw has become so well-loved one fan has set up a Facebook page for him with over 450 members. the page has more than 450 members who share their pictures, videos and stories about Jack and keep up to date with his daily activities. he was hand-reared as a chick in 2013 after being discovered with no feathers, before being released into the wild.
the details of the RAF's main base on the islands were published on their website. the blunder occurred as argentina was described as a'very live threat' the details could have been used as 'an invasion guide' by argentina.
the 24-year-old is one of the first models to be a full tattooed one. he has landed down under to start work on a new campaign. 'you just have to take it in your stride to be honest,' he said.
copeland, 31, and his wife, Katrine Saltare, 28, were talking in the street just before 4am when a 22-year-old man, Shezoy Bleary, interrupted them. when Copeland told the man to back off, the suspect pulled out a knife and plunged it into the athlete's abdomen and elbow. he then turned on Saltare, stabbing her in the breast, buttocks and arm. another woman, Catherine Somani, 23, was also stab
Xiao gao, 11, has not spoken a word in five days after classmate gave him water. combination of water, perfume and chalk dust should not have caused damage. school officials said classmate 'became very afraid' and told teachers it was a joke. she said when he drank the water his classmates told him to spit it out but by then he had already swallowed it.
staff at the red hot world buffet served girl a drink with alcohol in it. restaurant bosses admit mistake but blame mother for leaving daughter alone.
footage shows carmarie and Kanya sat buckled into slingshot at the indy speedway park on Panama City beach, florida, over the weekend. at the start they seem calm but when the carriage tilts back and fires 300ft-high panic sets in and they let out manic screams. both appear to pass out several times due to the extreme force, with their eyes glazing over and rolling back.
two jurors told the court they were trailed by a van as they tried to get into their cars on Wednesday. 'he cannot come into this building or be driving a WHDH vehicle for the purpose of doing reporting work on this case,' said judge.
captain of flight AI611 claims co-pilot misbehaved and struck him. reports suggest captain was assaulted after asking co-pilot to record 'critical take-off figures' instead of reporting the incident in Delhi, the captain flew the plane to jaipur.
in 84 days from November 2013 to January 2014, the area around Azle, Texas, shook with 27 magnitude two or greater earthquakes. scientists believe these earthquakes were the result of high-pressure injection of drilling wastewater into the ground. this adds to other studies that linked injecting wastewater from energy wells to a tremendous jump in earthquakes in Oklahoma and southern Kansas.
research on the king's skeleton found under a car park in Leicester reveals a distinctive scoliosis of the spine. the condition caused one of his shoulders to be slightly higher than the other. a 3d reconstruction of the king’s spine shows 65 to 85 degrees of ‘scoliosis’, or sideways bending of the spine to the right.
queenscliff couple win case against disgruntled neighbour who wanted to stop redevelopment of their home. neighbour, Wendy Goyer, claimed her'small but charming view' would be obstructed if addition was built. council initially suggested the couple withdraw their plans and reconsider a way they could 'preserve the views' of the neighbouring property.
justice Diana Bryant spoke out at the university of Queensland in Brisbane. she said surrogacy laws need to be overhauled to prevent cases of abandonment. backed up by recent bout of child abandonment cases.
the unique experiment tracked stolen data as it travelled the globe. it was viewed more than 1,000 times and downloaded 47 times. some activity had connections to crime syndicates in Nigeria and Russia.
amelia-Jane Harris, 20, used to weigh 27st 10lbs and was a size 32. she developed Crohn's disease and lost 18 stone in 20 months. she now weighs just 8st 9lbs (121lbs) and wears size 6 clothes. miss Harris says she would give anything to get her fuller figure back.
49% think Camilla should take the traditional title of the wife of a reigning king. 35% believe she should be given a lesser title out of respect to Diana. 16% were undecided and 42% had neither a positive or negative impression of Camilla. but 44% believed she was well prepared to be the wife of the reigning monarch.
Kyle Iveson burst into a store and demanded cash from his mother-in-law. he tried to hide his identity by lowering his voice, but she recognised him. he escaped with £650, but was quickly arrested by his own mother-in-law.
the comment was made while on a visit to Oklahoma City and is the first he's made about his wife's second presidential campaign. the former secretary of state kicked off her campaign last week in Iowa and will move on to new Hampshire on Monday. 'i'm proud of her,' he said of his wife to CNN reporter Ryan Nobles.
the former child star turned real housewife is speaking out for the first time since her shocking arrest last week following a drunken altercation at the Beverly Hills Hotel. among the topics the 50-year-old is slated to discuss is her longtime struggle with alcoholism. she was charged with with public intoxication, trespassing, resisting arrest and battery on a police officer.
the 30-year-old underwear model and animal rights activist from los angeles has documented her changing figure via her Instagram page throughout her pregnancy. the model came under fire last month as more and more critics spoke out against her tiny and toned figure, claiming it could be doing damage to her unborn child. she took to Instagram on Monday to share a photo of growing belly during her ninth month of pregnancy, writing: '10 days until we meet #BabyJames'
zookeeper Elad Hershkowitz placed camera in animals' water troughs. he filmed them for 30 hours and cut footage down to four minutes. some animals initially sceptical about foreign object placed in troughs.
retired soldier arrested over shooting of man with learning difficulties in 1974. the 27-year-old was shot by the army in a field in county armagh. a 73-year-old suspect has now been detained in england.
Betty Johnson, 86, was a Kansas City Chiefs ticket holder since 1986. the great-great grandmother had said goodbye to everyone except her team. but her wish was granted after a visit from chiefs hall of famer Nick Lowery. shortly after the visit, she passed away, just as he was leaving.
Tonya Stack, wife of state's lieutenant governor, reportedly dumped cola on state representative Kevin Boyle at a fundraiser in honor of a slain Afghanistan veteran. he claims she retaliated by hurling the dark, sticky liquid at him. Stack and Boyle are at the center of a political struggle over who will take over the seat in the state senate which Stack vacated in January.
Chen Yuntao, 38, has started dressing as a horse and begging people to ride him. the unusual fundraising is part of a bid to raise money for his son's cancer treatment. the family are 160,000 yuan (£17,500) in debt after son underwent 20 course of chemotherapy for leukaemia and now the cancer has returned.
controversial the sun columnist has heaped praise on 'tiny hearts and balls of steel'. but her backhanded compliments may not sit well with social justice groups. she claimed australia's strategy of 'threatening them with violence' was the way forward. 'they throw cans of Castlemaine in an Aussie version of sharia stoning'
Timothy Fradeneck, 38, was arraigned on first-degree murder charges in the deaths of his wife, their 2-year-old daughter Celeste and their 8-year-old son Timothy III. the bodies of Christine Fradeneck, 37, and the children, celeste Fradeneck and Timothy Fradeneck III (called Trey) were found Monday evening at the family's home in eastpointe, Michigan. Fradeneck allegedly used a USB cord to strangle his wife, 2-year-old
campaign video sees Dr Vivek Murthy and the sesame street favourite go through the process of getting vaccinated. explains to children (and parents) why it is so important to keep other children safe and healthy.
workers have begun posting photos of their broken umbrellas scattered in gutters and discarded in bins along with the hashtag #umbrellageddon. 'Weather 47 - 0 umbrellas. #umbrellageddon,' Brendan Duong posted on Instagram after spotting two colourful brollies poking out the top of a bin. 'this is #sydney. the #umbrella #cemetery. Mine #died 2mins after leaving the house,'
'death' for anyone who insults God or his messenger or blasphemes against Islam. adulterers who engage in a sexual relationship are to be stoned to death. couples who have an affair without sexual contact can expect 100 lashes. those guilty of 'highway robbery' face crucifixion and offences such as drinking wine or 'calumny' thieves will have their hands severed from their arms.
the change.org petition, titled 'Please release Nadia the baby elephant to a sanctuary immediately and let her live the life she deserves!', has received 50,627 signatures since it was launched a month ago. the target is 75,000 signatures.
music director sacked after falling out with senior church figures. all 13 choristers have now resigned in'solidarity' over the sacking. first time in 200 years the 14th century church will be without a choir.
the 45p top tax rate is not one of the Government's priorities, says Chancellor. he dodged questions over plans to offer more help to the country's top earners. instead he says the tories are committed to raising the tax-free personal allowance from £10,000 to £12,500.
italian spotted out and about in the italian capital Rome this week. he was spotted looking at a £100,000 BMW at a dealership in the city. the 31-year-old and his former lover, american Amanda Knox, were both acquitted in late march. both are reportedly planning to seek compensation for time wrongly spent in prison.
the images were posted on social media under the title Leveling Graves And Erasing Pagan Symbols. the group released a statement with the images that attempted to justify the mass desecration. it said that graves above the ground suggested that the dead person was closer to Allah than the living, so must be demolished.
a 4WD containing four children and an adult crashed into a lake at Wyndham Vale in Melbourne's outer west. police believe that all children are under the age of six. the relation between the female driver and the four children is not yet known. the fourth child was flown by air ambulance to the royal children's hospital and remains in a serious condition.
the Seattle Seahawks lost the super bowl to the new england patriots on february 5. the cornerback and girlfriend Ashley Moss welcomed their son, Rayden, on february 5. in the most recent photo, he is seen cradling Rayden with the football star writing; 'Best part of Life'.
parenting blogger Emily-Jane Clark has compiled a list of ways visitors can avoid annoying a new mother. they include bringing gifts for the mum and coming armed with chocolate and coffee.
jafar Adeli, 32, thought he was going to meet a 14-year-old girl for sex. he agreed to pay for 'Amy's' bus fare to make 13-mile journey to Leicester. when he arrived, he had three condoms in his pocket when he arrived. but instead of a schoolgirl, he was confronted by police who arrested him. he was jailed for 27 months after admitting attempting to meet
the unusual boutique has opened on a fashionable west London high street. it caters to the needs of well-heeled clientele who want to restore their bags. clients include imogen Thomas and Made in Chelsea stars. prices are bespoke, depending on how stained or damaged a bag is.
a man has accidentally captured a bizarre encounter between a kangaroo and a pair of domestic dogs that lasted for over nine hours. the incident happened on his grandparents' farm near Wangaratta, northeast Victoria, over the Easter long weekend. the kangaroo had a broken leg, and the dogs were just torturing it for such a long span of time. he has since contacted the local council and the local council in hopes of notifying the owners of the dogs.
vintage posters are a throwback to the golden age of air travel, when flying was an exclusive experience. they're featured in a new coffee table book, Airline Visual Identity 1945-1975, which revisits a time when the skies were dominated by the likes of Pan Am, British Overseas Airways Corp (BOAC) and Continental. the 436-page book contains dozens of glamorous adverts that encouraged those who could afford to fly to visit far-flung destinations.
coin was found in silt after the river avon burst its banks between Bristol and bath. experts have dated the coin to between 300 BC and 264 BC. on one side there is an image of the goddess Tanit, the chief deity of carthage. on the other side there is a horse’s head, while the other bears the image of the goddess, the chief deity of carthage. it is thought there was a ford in the area, which made it
Dawn Bainbridge, 47, led 'family business' stealing clothes from high street stores. they then sold them online through facebook and took £7,000 in online payments. one daughter boasted of making £100 a week and dreamed of going it alone. judge jailed her for 30 months, her daughter for 20 months and her two daughters. they were ordered to pay back just £1 each and face up to seven days behind bars.
mother-of-three was repeatedly knifed in the head by her violent boyfriend. the 35-year-old did not believe she was going to survive the seven hour ordeal. she begged him to put her to bed so she didn't die on the floor. young was jailed for 18 years after admitting attempted murder.
the 18-year-old daugher of actor Stephen Baldwin, who stars in a new shoot for the may issue of Elle magazine, revealed that she used to spend nights with 'one of her friends' – meaning Kendall – in their'sister's apartment' – meaning Kim’s multi-million-dollar residence. she said she would 'basically pack a suitcase from home and just come live with her for a week'
Sharon Edwards, 55, was last seen between 10pm and 11pm on march 14. her car was left parked in her driveway and her clothes were thrown in the washing basket in her bedroom. her son, Eli, said his family was struggling to come to terms with his mother's disappearance.
cancer that has spread and is incurable, known as secondary breast cancer, kills 1,000 women in Britain every month. researchers are testing the drug Sulforadex in the most common type of breast cancer, affecting 70 per cent of patients. many women go on to develop resistance and the disease comes back.
nearly half of parents have not taught their children how to dial 999, study finds. many said their children were not mature enough to learn the skill. even greater number said their children would not know difference between 999 and 911, the emergency number in the us.
researchers found coffee can stop the growth of tumours in women who have already been treated with the drug tamoxifen. tamoxifen blocks oestrogen from reaching the cancer cells. this means the cancer either grows more slowly or stops growing altogether.
from 2017 there will be 11 seats incorporated into the same space as the current 10. a fourth class will be introduced in response to the new dreaded middle seat. critics have gone as far as calling the new set-up 'economy minus'
Jason Warnock, 29, was driving Wednesday morning in Lewiston, Idaho when he saw debris in the road and looked up to see a vehicle crash into a fence on the edge of a cliff. he then parked his car, ran up a pedestrian footbridge and pulled driver Matthew Sitko, 23, out to safety. since he didn't stop to give police his name, Warnock remained a mystery for nearly 24 hours as the photo of the rescue went viral online.
a study found that peanuts can increase the levels of friendly bacteria in the gut and ward off food poisoning. two Brazil nuts provide 100 per cent of our daily required dose of 75 micrograms.
the andaz Liverpool Street hotel is built on the site of the first hospital for the mentally ill - the Bethlehem royal hospital. four of the rooms have been decorated by trendy artists. the likes of lady gaga, beyonce and lady gaga are fans of the hotel.
'she is drunk and on pills and she just attacked me,' says her husband.'she is on a detox from alcohol, but the marijuana is not,' says 911 dispatcher.'she is on a detox from alcohol, but the marijuana is not,' he says.
Christianne Boudreau of Calgary, Canada lost her son, Damien, last year when he was killed fighting for the extremist group in Syria. the mother, who raised her son in a Catholic household, says her son converted to Islam at the age of 17 while he was having a hard time in high school. but her son's interest in the religion took a turn in 2011 when he started growing his beard out and distancing himself from the family.
Tykeran Hamilton, 25, spotted friend waiting for a bus and shouted 'watch this' he sped down the road and overtook cars'recklessly' - narrowly avoiding traffic. he then crashed into cyclist Alan Knight, 64, who was crossing the road. he died instantly from his injuries at the scene, on Stroud Road in Gloucester.
Eve Addison, 24, developed a strange swelling in her collarbone after drinking gin and tonic - and assumed she must have an allergy. but when switching brands failed to help - and she developed night sweats and a rash - she saw her GP. tests revealed she was suffering hodgkin lymphoma - cancer of the lymphatic system. the most common symptom of the condition is one or more painless swellings in the neck, armpit or groin
the bones belong to a nodosaur, a pony-sized herbivore with scaly, plated skin. it's believed the bones belong to a nodosaur, a pony-sized herbivore with scaly, plated skin.
the 91-year-old artist's often-copied sign sits in a median in the middle of Las Vegas Boulevard south of the Strip. 'it's the most recognizable icon in the world,' said a museum executive director.
labour leader said second referendum 'ain't going to happen' even if he becomes pm with the support of SNP MPs next month. intervention came as former prime minister warned that the SNP was'merely waiting for a good excuse to put separation back on the agenda'
Catherine Gerhardt teaches her students to follow 'ICE' and ignore the bully. a 'flamer' sends messages with the intention to hurt the recipient. a 'flamer' waits for the victim to contact them and unleashes a hateful response. by communicating the incident to an adult and then exiting, the behaviour is not escalated.
workers in china are constructing a mountain road thousands of feet above the ground in Pingjiang County, Hunan province. without ropes or safety harnesses, and with only hard hats to protect them if they fall, the men spend their days hauling planks of wood and wheelbarrows full of concrete. officials hope that the road will draw thousands more tourists to the area, as they flock to walk along the scenic route.
a coroner has questioned the lack of swimming lessons in the curriculum. the 15-year-old drowned in the river Great Ouse in Hartford, despite being unable to swim. swimming is compulsory during primary school but not enforced for those aged 11 or over.
Lidia Quilligana was arrested in Danbury, Connecticut last month after police viewed a video that allegedly showed her choking and beating a 3-year-old girl. she was also caught allegedly burning the girl's legs, arms and hands on a hot stove as she screamed out in pain. this after the girl's family set up a nanny cam thinking that something was happening to the girl.
Kezzia French, 46, thought she had laid six-month-old to rest in 1999. but she only found out more than a decade later that police had removed virtually all her vital organs. the little girl died after being flung at a wall by her father, meyrick Fowler. he was convicted of her manslaughter and jailed for four years.
Sienna Miller wannabees must be 5ft 6in and have a 2512in waist. they must also have a high hip of 35 and a low hip of 3612. casting call also gives details of 33-year-old's head and wrist circumferences.
'Reenactment MfS' - the ministry for state security better known as the 'Stasi' during the 40 year existence of the east german state. new book contains photos of desperation which the socialist rulers used as evidence in show trials against those they caught. they were also used to train up border guards and trainee agents so they knew what people might try to do to escape.
thousands of motorists have been fined or had their cars towed away. they were unaware of major vehicle tax rule changes following switch to digital tax discs. critics allege the DVLA has been operating a'money-making scam'
police in the St. Louis suburb of Clayton said they have found nothing to suggest the death of Schweich, who was running as a Republican candidate for governor in 2016, was anything other than a suicide. new reports show Schweich felt so abandoned by GOP supporters that he told an aide on February 26, the day of his death, that he would have to either 'run as an independent or he needed to kill himself' governor Jay Nixon on Tuesday announced plans to appoint fellow democrat and county treasurer Nicole Gallo
of the 2,071 people surveyed, 22 per cent cited pets as a close family member. more than one in 10 British families now live in ‘blended’ families. over a third said that their family’s happiness was their top priority.
images show soldiers of the french second foreign parachute Regiment dropping into hostile territory near terrorist havens on the Libya-Niger border. taken during an airborne operation at the 'Salvador Pass' at the border between Libya and Niger, the shots show part of the anti-jihadist operation in the Sahel.
the process of cloud seeding was first proposed in the 1940s at the general electric labs in Schenectady, new york. two decades later, the Central Arizona Project and the Salt River Project invested in research to make it a reality. since 2007, CAP has put about $1 million toward research happening in other states to increase the supply of water in the Colorado River system.
four sisters were dragged kicking and screaming from their mother's home in the middle of the night. they had been taken from their abusive father back in Italy to hide out in australia and now were being sent back to the'monster' against their will. the girls - then aged nine to 14 years old - had a'monster' of a father who abused them and their mother. their mother had taken them from their home in italy on a 'vacation' and
the all-gender restroom has opened in the Eisenhower Executive Office Building. facility is the first of its kind at the white house and fits in with the administration’s stance on LGBT issues.
hotel industry insider turned author, Jacob Tomsky, reveals the most common items people take from hotels. toiletries and towels are definitely the most popular items for guests to pocket. despite common misconceptions, it is possible to get away with stealing that coveted hotel room robe.
former lager lout weighed 24 stone due to his unhealthy lifestyle. he would drink up to 12 pints a night before giving up beer to lose weight. the 26-year-old was worried he would look like a 'beached whale' next to his friends. he started going to the gym regularly and saw the pounds fall off.
Robert Tomanovich, 55, hung a noose and a confederate flag at his home. a second noose appeared on a tree outside his tree-cutting business. the businessman has denied his actions are racist. but an employee has admitted the second noose was a deliberate move to antagonise locals.
scientists at Brandeis university in Massachusetts believe all-nighters won't work. they believe the memory neurons that are responsible for converting short-term memories into long-term memories, work most effectively when a person is asleep. studies have shown that sleep is critical in converting short-term memories, into long-term memory, a process known as memory consolidation.
a former teacher was sentenced to a 7 p.m. to 7 a.m. curfew at home for one year and a former testing coordinator six months of weekends in jail. despite their lawyers' pleas for probation and community service, the remaining eight received harsher sentences, ranging from one to seven years in jail. in 2013, 35 educators were indicted on charges including racketeering, making false statements and theft.
a $220,000 Lamborghini operated by Trevor Watson, 24, slammed into a guardrail at the Exotic Driving Experience at Walt Disney World on sunday. driver Gary Terry, 35, died at the scene. investigators say he tried to grab the wheel and counter-steer the out-of-control car before it crashed into the guardrail.
Michelle Heale of Tom's River, new jersey claims she was trying to burp 14-month-old Mason Hess when he began choking on applesauce. when she took him off her shoulder his neck snapped backwards, killing the boy. the mother of twins, who were in the next room when the incident happened and then just three years old, was charged with murder and endangering the welfare of a child. the prosecution has argued that Heale shook the
as many as 20 per cent of people suffer with the occasional single mouth ulcer and these are of no consequence. small painful ulcers usually last no more than ten days and require no treatment. coeliac disease and Crohn's disease can first present as mouth ulcers.
the video features four party leaders forming a bizarre pro-austerity boyband. it is designed to show that the tories, lib dems, labour and ukip are all singing the same tune on cuts, public services and immigration. the song, Change The Tune, features comedians playing the quartet.
in 10 battleground constituencies polled by the tory peer, Ukip's vote has fallen in nine. support for the party has more than halved in two seats and by a third. revelation comes after a leaked poll revealed Mr Farage is on course to lose his own parliamentary election battle in Ukip's heartland in Kent.
two of its citizens allegedly abused while returning from pilgrimage. announcement comes amid escalating tensions between the two regional powers. sunni Saudi Arabia has led the bombing campaign against Yemeni rebels.
where Chefs Eat has more than 3,000 chef recommendations. love food hate waste warns you if you are about to buy duplicate ingredients. british street food shows off where the best traders are in the country.
the Ben Canaan family left Gloriavale on the west coast of the south island last month. they left with their 12 children and few worldly possessions. the family moved into a home with modern appliances and a farm job. the community is home to around 500 people who reject birth control. the family fled some 300km south to the town of Timaru, 320km away.
mother-of-three Annegret Raunigk, 65, is expecting quadruplets. daughter leila, ten, is due to turn 10 this year. pensioner says she is not bothered by what people say about her decision. 'i have enough experience of childbirth not to be afraid,' she says.
'i think John Kerry tried to come back and sell a bill of goods, hoping maybe that the Iranians wouldn’t say much about it,' the republican lawmaker told radio host Hugh Hewitt during his Thursday program. McCain, responding to the supreme leader of Iran's proclamation yesterday that there would be no formal pact unless sanctions relief is 'instant,' said he had'sympathy' for Iranian Ayatollah Ali Khamenei
Rajul Patel, 35, targeted wealthy victims as they worked out at gyms. he obtained memberships using the stolen driving licence of a doctor. in one spree, he stole a man's platinum wedding ring, first-year anniversary ring, and a 40th birthday bracelet. tried to escape arrest by running from gym into a nearby shop but was discovered hiding behind a clothes rack.
Hannah Moore, 20, from west lothian, shared images of her post-pregnancy body. she suffered from stretch marks after giving birth to twin girls in June last year. but her account was deleted 'within two minutes' of posting them on site. mother-of-twins claims images were deemed to contain 'nudity and violence'.
the minister for investment and trade battled depression for 43 years. he said he tried to trick himself into thinking he was happy with an unconventional approach. he also said he would force himself to sneeze by looking at the sun - which causes him to sneeze - because it would give him a 'hit of endorphins'
at her peak she was draining up to £300 a day from her disabled victims' accounts. at her peak she was spending it on nights out and items such as shoes. the family of the victims, a couple in their late 80s who have now died, saw money coming from their accounts so set up a camera and filmed her taking cash.
the ship capsized after being hit by nine torpedoes on December 7, 1941. 429 sailors and marines onboard were killed in the surprise attack. only 35 were identified in the years immediately after the attack. dozens were buried as unknowns at cemeteries in Hawaii and in 1950, they were reburied as unknowns at the national memorial cemetery of the Pacific. move is apparently part of a new policy on disinterring the remains of unknown troops.
Tavon Watson, 24, was taking racing advice when he lost control of the italian supercar at the Exotic Driving Experience at Walt Disney world. father-of-one Gary Terry, 36, died at the scene while Watson was rushed to hospital where he was later declared stable. the day out at the track was a present from Watson's wife and he posted a picture of himself next to a red Ferrari on the tarmac just hours before the fatal collision. later that afternoon, Watson crashed the Lamborg
PC Ronnie Lungu was singled out as 'a marked man' by his force. he was passed over for promotion in favour of white colleagues. internal assessments were secretly downgraded to make him appear unworthy. derogatory comments were made about him based on his colour.
the candidate, who is gay, is standing to be an MP in Stoke-on-Trent. he is pictured on the open profile of his facebook page licking a female friend's breasts. underneath the picture a friend commented 'drunko' but he insists the photos show him enjoying himself like a normal person.
Margaret Gretton, 46, has been barred indefinitely from the profession. she referred to an Asian job applicant as a member of the terror group. also talked of 'bombs and blowing up the school' in an Asian accent. disciplinary panel ruled she 'exhibited clear intolerance on the grounds of race, as well as disability'
'did he make all the right decisions? No,' defense attorney James Sultan said. if convicted, Hernandez faces a maximum penalty of life in prison. the jury began their deliberations on Tuesday afternoon.
work and pensions secretary said zero-hours contracts should be re-named 'flexible hours' labour said the 'Marie Antoinette' moment showed 'how out of touch the Tories are'. labour has pledged to ban exploitative zero-hours deals.
'i admire her remarkable talent and that should have been the focus of any discussion about her,' he said. the 67-year-old was asked: 'Have you seen Kelly Clarkson?' he replied: 'you know the singer, Kelly Clarkson? Holy cow, did she blow up'. within minutes, his response had sparked outrage online. now, he has apologized for his 'offensive' remarks.
truck driver Trevor Vale has pleaded with australians to attend an Anzac Day service. he posted a five-minute video online while on a long-haul trip from Darwin to Melbourne. the video has been viewed over 800,000 times. his wife fought as a soldier in Timor and Afghanistan.
the tenth edition of the annual course, ‘Exorcism and Prayer of Liberation,’ began this morning at Rome’s Regina Apostolorum University. experts say demonic activity is on the rise due to an in creased interest in the occult among the young including ouija boards and seances.
the families of two slain New York City police officers threw out the ceremonial first pitch at the Mets' home opener at Citi Field. the widow of American Sniper Chris Kyle pitched in for the San Diego Padres. new England Patriots quarterback Tom Brady also threw a first pitch, at Fenway Park in Boston.
'political correctness be damned, we have to stay with what is literally correct,' he said. he argued that a black man could play 003 or 006, but could not be 007. he also suggested new characters should be written for black heroes.
max muggeridge, 19, from the gold coast caught a four metre tiger shark at the weekend. the avid angler spent three hours trying to reel in the monster. he said he was 'absolutely shattered' and had blood blisters all over his hands.
visitors at the zoo heard a scream as the toddler tumbled into the pit. his parents jumped in and pulled him to safety before paramedics arrived. the boy suffered minor bumps and bruises and is in stable condition. zoo officials say there is a strong chance charges will be pressed on Monday.
celebrities and music lovers gathered on Friday in the southern California desert for the beginning of the annual Coachella Valley Music and Arts Festival. this year's lineup includes rapper Drake, Florence and the Machine, FKA Twigs, David Guetta, Kasabian, alt-J and Toro y Moi among others. attendees were donned in warm-weather gear from tank top and shorts to swimsuits while others brought out their eclectic best.
two scantily-clad strippers performed at a funeral home in Taipei, taiwan. the exotic dancers were hired by the deceased's wife as a final gift. they gyrated around the coffin to Maroon 5's Moves Like Jagger.
the baby, named Prince Irfan, was born in the Swiss city of Geneva. both mother and child are doing well, according to the royal's followers.
the 28-year-old spanish teacher 'planned to invite the boy over to spend the night with her as she was house-sitting so they could get high and have sex' she 'exchanged 20 naked and partially nude images, videos of themselves performing sex acts and explicit Snapchat messages' she was fired after other students told staff that the boy had inappropriate photos of a woman.
Leeds-based Direct Line is running a competition called #EverydayFix. they asked groups to design products to deal with common problems. these include forgetting to lock the door, which one company hopes to solve. the winner will be made into an actual product, funded through a Kickstarter campaign.
the 22-year-old's Kode With Karlie scholarships will provide 20 girls between the ages of 13 and 18 free tuition to the same two-week coding course she took last year.
the 120 piece ready-to-wear collection was inspired by seventies model Veruschka and the 1970s period in Marrakech. animal prints and metallics feature heavily in the collection.
deputies undressed the body of 20-year-old Jessica mejia, who was killed when her drunk ex-boyfriend smashed their car into a pole in 2009. the victim's mother, Christina Mejia, claims the deputies intentionally caused emotional distress to the victim's family. '(people) think my daughter died from having sex, not from somebody being drunk and killing her,' she said.
more than 140 pupils have been removed from their classes in washington. they could not prove they had legally required vaccinations, which includes measles. health experts warn the country is in danger of being gripped by a measles pandemic.
Moira Gemmill, 55, was cycling to work at the royal collection trust. she collided with a lorry near Lambeth Bridge in Westminster yesterday. the leading art and design figure was the fifth cyclist killed on the road this year. she had recently been chosen to oversee a programme of renovations at Windsor Castle.
Deputy prime minister heckled by protesters in surbiton, south-west london. protesters chanted: 'nick Clegg lied to me, he said uni would be free' lib dem leader ignored protesters as he stuck to his message. comes after he launched furious attack on 'ideological' cuts planned by tories.
the last surviving male of the northern sub-species of the white rhino now lives under a 24-hour guard. a four man team of armed guards now protects Sudan the Northern White Rhino who is the last male of his species.
dustin irons was appearing over video-link to a court in umatilla, oregon. he pulled down his trousers for the lewd gesture, despite being in handcuffs. outraged judge sentenced him to an extra 30 days in jail for contempt of court.
thousands of homemade rockets were aimed at church towers in the Aegean island of Chios by rival parishioners in their traditional ‘mock war’. dozens of brave souls even attend the late-night services inside the churches of Aghios Markos and Panaghia Erithiani.
heartbroken owner, 56, has won accolades for his specially-bred cavies. but he was devastated after a thief snuck into an outbuilding at his home. he took two tortoiseshells, two black and two brown, all short-haired guinea pigs. they left six which were not show quality, plus two other show ones. police investigating theft have not ruled out a rival competitor.
police say Michael Scott Shemansky came to their attention after he failed to appear for a supervised visit with his son on the same day mother Sandra Shemansky, 57, was found dead. the body was discovered at the home when an out-of-state family member called in a well-being check.'my biggest concern is that he might come back,' said a neighbor.
the woman who owned the car jumped onto the bonnet of her white Honda as the teenage carjacker attempted to drive off at speed. but the incident came to a climactic end when a passer-by produced a gun and fired a shot. police have hailed the passer-by as a hero for possibly saving the woman's life.
Guitar Hero Live features a redesigned guitar and online music video network. it will cast players as an up-and-coming guitarist in a fictitious band. instead of playing along with computer-generated characters, players will see a first-person view of their band mates and audiences portrayed by human actors. the game will be released in the autumn for the PlayStation 4, Xbox One, PlayStation 3, Xbox 360 and Wii U.
the woman was travelling with just hand luggage when she was asked to weigh it. she placed her luggage on the scales and lashed out hitting an airport worker. she has been fined VND7.5 million, which roughly equates to £240.
the queen and princess Margaret recorded a tape of favourite children's songs. the royals recorded songs such as I know where the flies go in winter time. the tape was lost following the queen mother's death in 2002 at the age of 101.
naturalists in paradise tells the story of three young explorers who set off in 1961 to explore the Iriri river in a remote part of the amazon basin. explorers Alfred Russel Wallace, Henry Bates and Richard Spruce were all classic examples of Victorian self-improvement.
Kristina Schake, 45, reportedly behind drive to get another first lady elected. former white house aide helped to transform image of all-american 'everywoman' she has worked as chief communications officer at l'oreal for past two years. will try to turn 67-year-old politician into softer, more accessible one. experts say former persona could have hampered her 2008 presidential contest.
Matthew Kenney, 34, told police he smoked Flakka before he streaked through traffic early on Saturday evening while only wearing sneakers. after he was arrested, Kenney told police he would 'rather die than be caught by these unknown people' he has previous arrests for disorderly conduct and making a riot.
australian nurse Anne-Louise van den Nieuwenhof, 31, died six days after giving birth. she was diagnosed with a rare bone and soft tissue cancer aged just five. her parents were told she only had three months to live. a fundraising page set up by her friends has raised $40,000 in her memory.
Jiaro Mendez and Elias Acevedo were both found to be 'highly intoxicated' by police following the fight that broke out in the parking lot of their shared apartment. the pair, covered in blood, were taken to hospital where they were treated for lacerations to their body. Acevedo, 21, has since been arrested and charged with assault with a deadly weapon.
four koalas have been sent from australia as a gift to mark Singapore's 50th anniversary of independence. the koalas will be on loan to Singapore for six months at a purpose-built enclosure in Singapore Zoo. the loan aims to symbolise the relationship between Australia and Singapore.
developers have submitted fresh plans to demolish park crescent in london. crescent was designed by architect of Buckingham palace in 1900s. it will be replaced with a £500million block of luxury flats worth £15million. but residents behind the site are furious at the proposals. they claim years of noise and disruption will ruin their lives. development would be made up of 73 homes, ranging from studios to mews.
sales of books about the religion were three times higher in the first quarter of 2015 compared to the same time last year. comes as special magazine supplement from Philosphie which focused in the Koran also saw a spike in sales.
the move comes at a time when CEO pay is 300 times the average employee pay at large companies - among the highest level of inequality in history. the company will offer at least $70,000 salary to all of its 120 employees - even the most junior customer service representatives and clerks.
67-year-old former secretary of state is primed for a digital outreach campaign tailored to the expectations of younger, more tech-savvy voters. in that role she will supervise a sprawling effort to develop websites, mobile apps and other vehicles for pushing the former secretary of state's brand through the 2016 elections. Hannon previously worked on Gmail and google maps. she also spent some time at facebook, and also worked for the event-organizing website Eventbrite.
the annual water temple fair in Jiangnan, china, sees thousands gather on boats to pray for good fortune. boat races, drumming and dragon dances bring a carnival atmosphere to the town of Jia Xing. one of the highlights of the carnival is the net boat fair which showcases the unique culture of Jiangnan water people.
the collector’s paradise in Horfield, Bristol, has gone untouched for more than 80 years. comes complete with the original bathroom and kitchen, wood-panelled hallway and even vintage cupboards. the semi-detached property has a guide price of between £200,000 and £250,000.
megumi Igarashi was first arrested in July, but was freed several days later following a legal appeal and after thousands of people signed a petition demanding her release. but she was arrested again in December, on three counts of distributing 'obscene' data -- namely CD-ROMs containing computer code for a 3D printer.
the public have been alerted to the heartless scheme via an important notice issued on the NSW SES Facebook page. NSW SES have received more than 6500 requests for help since the storms began on Monday. people have reacted with disgust to the attempt to con people out of their money.
fast bowler Jimmy Anderson took his 384th wicket in his 100th Test. he overtakes Sir Ian Botham's all-time wicket-taking record. botham was watching the first test from the stands in antigua.
gunman claims to have killed his lawyer and co-defendant before shooting judge. fourth victim, a witness, had no visible injuries and died of a heart attack. he was due to appear in court today accused of fraudulent bankruptcy.
Audrey Bolte, a former miss Ohio 2012 beauty queen, told the court she was expecting to see Ryan Poston but he failed to arrive. that was because she shot him six times at home - during which she allegedly 'cackled' with glee. a cellmate of the accused, who claims the 24-year-old confessed to her while behind bars, testified to the court that hubers joked about the shooting and said she was going to get off all charges. hubers
miss Hopkins, 40, said vessels 'need pushing back' to cut immigration. asked listeners to radio show: 'why do we take on everyone else's problem?' comments labelled 'dangerous' and a'manifestation of toxic hate'
supermarket prices have fallen by the largest amount in almost a decade. milk, bread, eggs, cheese and roasting chickens have seen biggest fall. on the high street clothes and footwear have become even more affordable.
it is the current prime minister's kitchen that has got everyone talking more than any of the other political leaders'. do you have as much cachet as Cameron? perhaps you're more Onslow and Daisy than Hyacinth? use my short household audit to see how many of the below items you own and discover how posh your pile really is.
two women 'visited cockpit' during flight from Dublin to Berlin Schönefeld. they were off-duty members of staff wearing their staff lanyards. fellow passengers on board expressed concerns about the behaviour. the incident has been investigated by the Irish Aviation Authority.
an hour with Ruta claimed foreign children were being seized and fostered with Norwegian parents to strengthen country's 'genetic material' argued that Norway's Child Protection Service was deliberately targeting Lithuanian children which were seen as a'sought-after commodity'
'this has been a tough year for me,' maria Lucia, 44, wrote in a letter to fans on the current's website as she explained why she would be taking some time off work following the ordeal. the alleged stalker, Patrick Henry Kelly, 56, from Eden Prairie, has been charged in the case and is set to go on trial next week. he faces up to 10 years in prison if convicted.
Andrea Lindsay, 43, from Prescot, Merseyside, shed more than three stone. mother-of-one dropped from a size 18 to a size ten to 12 in half a year. dropped from 14st to around 10st 5lb before dying her blonde locks dark brown.
last week, UK oil & gas investments boasted it had discovered a 'world class resource' it claimed analysis of a well near Gatwick Airport suggested 100 billion barrels of oil lay beneath the weald basin, covering Surrey, Sussex, Hampshire and Kent. but the company has now admitted its estimates were based on findings made in a 55-square-mile stretch of the basin, less than 2% of the total surface area.
David Nicholson, 48,'sent explicit messages to prostitute about spanking her' married father-of-four has not returned to the costello school in basingstoke. he is still under investigation by ofstead after claims he used his school email address to contact an escort through an adult website.
a third suspect has been arrested by police as a suspect in a brutal sexual assault that occurred on a florida beach. George davon Kennedy of DeKalb, Georgia, a student at middle Tennessee state university, was taken in Tuesday night as police believe he is one of the men caught on video raping a woman in Panama City. he now joins two other men who were arrested late last week.
mum Gitte denteneer asked staff at Rubens eaterie in leuven, belgium, to warm up milk. but when she came to pay, she was stunned to find 50 cents had been added. photo of bill went viral and triggered outrage on social media website.
Danielle and Alexander Meitiv, both scientists in Maryland, made headlines just before Christmas when police found their children unaccompanied. on sunday, a concerned citizen reportedly called authorities once again after seeing the siblings unaccompanied near a neighborhood park. the children were picked up by police, who say they followed protocol by turning them over to child protection services.
celebrities wore outlandish outfits at the festival in the california desert. jaden and kate moss wore floral-print tunics and patterned leggings. kate moss wore a black lace body stocking with lace-up heels.
Lauren York, 15, ran away from her home in north Ridgeville, oh, on her bike early sunday morning. her parents believe she took a backpack packed with clothes and her bike. she was found in the same town safe and sound Monday afternoon.
five-day-old hippo was thrown into the air after it strayed into the firing line of an adult male, which was tussling with its rival. the calf's mother watched in horror as the hippo was flung into the air before being dragged along the surface of the water.
a two-year-old girl from gardena, california, was found naked in a parking lot two hours after disappearing from a car wash. the toddler reportedly shouted'mommy' before her mother turned around and could not find her daughter. police are searching for the driver of a white, recent-model Nissan altima captured on video at the car wash around the time the girl was abducted.
Habeeb latheef, 48, is accused of sexually assaulting three women patients. he allegedly told them he needed to place objects in their hands to gauge feeling. married GP allegedly unzipped trousers and placed penis in their grip. he is accused of carrying out assaults over a four year period.
Jeremy Scott's spring/summer 2015 collection for Moschino caused an Insta-stampede. he sent his models down the runway in Barbie doll inspired dresses in Milan. weighed down by eyelashes, Olivia Phillips, 30, took to the streets of Dubai dressed like the iconic doll.
Rajee Narinesingh, one of the victims of 'toxic tush' doctor Oneal Ron Morris, stepped out on sunday showing off a new look. she had Morris inject her cheeks, lips and chin back in 2005, and ended up disfigured after she did not have the money to go to a proper cosmetic surgeon. in a 2014 interview she said that her new look was helping to boost her self-esteem, and that men were taking notice.
the picture is believed to show disgraced principal watching pornography. it was taken by a student who claims to be a student at geelong college. the man has his back to the camera and graphic images can be seen on his computer screen. he resigned from his position at the private school after an investigation.
terrified actress, 50, was forced to make desperate call to police last summer. she locked herself in a cupboard and told officers she was hiding in her closet. corbett broke into the house brandishing a love letter for the actress. he has pleaded not guilty to charges bought against him.
the 32-year-old, known only by the initials SAKA, admitted his father was in charge of 65 Taliban troops. he claimed he only agreed to join the terrorist group because he was worried about his safety. the bodyguard escaped from prison and went into hiding, but claimed he fled to Britain after Taliban fighters tried to track him down.
Danila Kislitsyn, 31, would use poisoned sausages to kill strays and pets. he also believed dogs were to blame for him contracting tuberculosis. he was arrested as part of a campaign by animal-rights activists. but he was found fit to stand and given a £200 fine for the attack.
former royal footman said he was pinned to a chair and groped by a male member of staff on his first day working at clarence house. the ordeal left him in tears and he left the job the same day. he finally decided to contact palace officials again last year after inquiries began into alleged cover-ups of child sex abuse by a VIP paedophile ring.
in an effort to counter rival Netflix's entry into the australian market, cable TV's Foxtel will screen every episode in a full season marathon. a kink in the agreement with US studio Lionsgate allows Foxtel to offer episodes of the series as an on-demand streaming title. in the us, the series is one of the major titles for Netflix there, though the organisation recently clashed with the Academy of Motion Picture Arts.
the Boeing 757 continued its 3,700-mile journey from Reykjavik, Iceland, to Denver, Colorado on Tuesday. it wasn't until after landing that passengers and crew were aware of a gaping hole in the nose of the plane. the hole was at a point in the plane where weather radars are housed.
the twin 18-month-old boys fell into an Arizona canal at 9.45am on friday. they were pulled from the water and pronounced dead at a hospital. authorities have not yet identified the boys, but a Go Fund Me page set up this weekend named them and their parents, mark and Alexis Keslar. the fund to cover memorial and medical costs has already raised over $10,000.
the pledge to extend the dream of home ownership to 1.3million social tenants was the centrepiece of Tuesday's manifesto launch. housing associations responded furiously with one board member lambasting the proposal as the 'right to steal' there were even threats of a legal challenge, potentially under european human rights laws.
the five bedroom home is based in the same building where 1950s pin-up and Hollywood icon Ava Gardner spent her final years. offers 3,054 sq. ft. of high-end accommodation with two reception rooms, five bathrooms, a study and kitchen/breakfast room. it is based in the high-end Ennismore Gardens, London where Gardner lived from 1968 - after her three failed marriages, to Mickey Rooney, Artie Shaw and Frank Sinatra.
an outfit worn by Vivien leigh as she played Scarlett O'Hara in the classic 1939 film sold for $137,000 at auction on Saturday in Beverly Hills, California. it was one of more than 150 items that were part of the private collection of James Tumblin, formerly in charge of the hair and makeup department at Universal Studios. he began collecting onscreen costumes, props and behind-the-scenes artifacts from the film in the 1960s.
native reds have been almost wiped out in the country, except for a few pockets in the north of England, the Isle of Wight and Scotland. but now, red squirrels have been spotted in Windermere, in the picturesque Lake district. experts say a lack of habitats caused them to disappear from the area.
Emily Ratajkowski, 23, shot to fame as half-naked star of Robin Thicke's Blurred Lines video and landed a role in Gone Girl alongside industry heavyweights Ben Affleck and Rosamind Pike. a newly unveiled set of photographs show her showing off her enviable figure.
her secret service-provided 'Scooby' van motored from Concord to Boston Logan International Airport, escorted by troopers from both New Hampshire and Massachusetts. she arrived in time to take a 7:00 p.m. US Airways shuttle to Washington, D.C. on the way, her motorcade passed exits to the Manchester, N.H. airport, which was 55 miles closer and offered a 5:16 p.m. flight. the Boston flight, though, used
Joanna Goodall forged signatures of customers and colleagues for cash refunds. 30-year-old took money from till and put it in her pocket or handbag. she admitted thefts between march 2013 and February 2014 at court. given nine-month suspended sentence but ordered to pay back just £1.
underwear model and animal rights activist Sarah Stage gained 28lbs during her pregnancy. the 30-year-old from los angeles posted a string of pregnancy selfies showing off her rock-hard abs. her son was born at a healthy eight pounds and seven ounces last week.
'too many Soldiers don't see a calendar shoot of this nature as something that isn't in harmony with our values,' the investigator wrote. 'i don't believe this simply [was] a matter of a bunch of 'uptight Mormons' being upset over a video,' the investigator wrote. one officer was sacked and three other soldiers have been disciplined for their involvement with the hot shot shoot.
the specialised 77 Brigade is in disarray after failing to enlist the right personnel. even when fully operational, the brigade will number just 454 regular and reservist troops. in a letter to his troops, the brigade’s commander says he has failed to recruit enough ‘talent’ to challenge IS’s ascendency online.
jaclyn Methuen, 30, confesses to her new husband that she wanted to be a runaway bride during a web exclusive clip from tonight's episode of the FYI series. 'this sucks. this absolutely sucks,' Ryan, 29, says.
a busy working week can take its toll on our lives, leaving little time to plan meals. dentist Dr Sameer Patel has highlighted the dentistry dangers of the 'desk diet' he reveals the biggest offenders and offers advice on how to safeguard your oral health.
a group of lawmakers said in a statement that she was 'woefully unable to change' the agency's culture. lawmakers have been pushing for Leonhart's ouster since her disastrous appearance before the house oversight committee last week. a majority of the committee said they had lost confidence in her.
manager of deli in Brooklyn said detective was caught on camera stealing cash. detective Ian Cyrus, 49, has been suspended without pay. his supervisor has been placed on desk duty pending further investigation.
Eddie Raymond Tipton, 51, of Norwalk, Iowa, was originally charged with two felony counts of fraud when he was arrested in January. now prosecutors say he used an intricate hack to ensure his numbers were drawn by the random number generator. they argue he installed a self-destructing hack program to make sure the random number generator selected his number in 2010. prosecutors say he tampered with security cameras in the building so he wouldn't be caught installing the program.
experts from the centre for international research in the humanities and social sciences (CIRHUS) in new york city studied neolithic ornaments to understand how farming spread. they concluded that northern Europeans in the Neolithic period initially rejected the practice of farming, which was spreading throughout the rest of the continent. farming is thought to have arrived in Britain around 6,000 years ago.
the 80-year-old has had a new tattoo inked on her shoulder every birthday. it is in memory of her daughter, who died of complications from diabetes in 2011. 'Shell was just such a gorgeous girl. It's a loss that leaves a hole in your heart that's never filled again,' she said.
photographer and illustrator, Thomas Lamadieu, takes snaps of the sky in courtyards and built-up areas to create a frame of buildings. the space in between then acts as a canvas for his playful illustrations which he has dubbed'sky art'
images show seals being shot and wounded before being dragged onto ships. they are eventually skinned for their fur and clubbed to death on ice floes. humane society international says seals 'die violently for fur products nobody wants' images were taken from helicopter above newfoundland's ice floes yesterday.
the 34-year-old father-of-five was killed on Tuesday night when he was stabbed in the chest after an argument with three teenagers. one of the teenagers, Levi Acre-Kendall, was charged with one count of first-degree reckless homicide on friday. the suspect, who was held on $125,000 bail, is now facing a maximum sentence of 60 years of combined prison and extended supervision. during the alleged incident, Kelly and a friend were fishing on the Minnesota side
Andy and Kim wed this weekend at a service in Dunblane cathedral. the wedding was followed by a reception at the couple's luxury hotel. his mother Judy has revealed that she can't wait for her son to have children. she also revealed that she taught her son basic dance moves.
Andrew Hennells posted a message on facebook 15 minutes before threatening staff. the 31-year-old said he was 'Doing. Tesco. Over' at 7.25pm on february 13. a member of the public alerted police to a man brandishing a knife. he fled the scene but was found in a nearby pub with £410 in stolen cash. he admitted robbery and carrying a knife as an offence last month.
General Motors has unveiled the Chevrolet-FNR car. it has 'dragonfly' swing doors that open upwards and 'crystal laser headlights' the car was unveiled at the Shanghai general motors gala night this week. it was developed in Shanghai by GM’s Pan Asia Technical Automotive Centre. Chevrolet said the car offered a ‘glimpse at mobility of the future’. the car is self-driving, electric, and the front chairs can s
smoke poured over westhampton beach on tuesday afternoon. the fire spread through 90 condos before the building collapsed. it is not known what started the blaze, which was so intense it melted the paint off nearby buildings.
Charlotte Watts argues that stress drain nutrients from the body. these seven symptoms are an indicator you are under stress, she says. cracks at the side of the mouth are a sign the body is low on vitamin B6.
Darren Goddard, 48, 'cried himself to sleep' when he parted ways with son in 1989. six years earlier, he had moved to germany to pursue a career in the army. returned to the uk three years ago, where he had been based as a soldier. but three years ago, his daughter created a facebook page for him. he never used the account and was about to delete it when appeal appeared.
57-year-old grandmother-of-nine died of ruptured abdominal aortic aneurysm. ambulance service has apologised for the delay caused by call handler error. 'it's like they say don't get bad on a weekend, as you won't get the proper treatment,' husband says.
17-year-old suffers from cystic fibrosis and has to miss dozens of lessons. her family appealed to the school to allow her to take part in graduation ceremony. plan was that she would finish the outstanding work necessary to graduate. but school officials refused and instead told her she could take part in a small ceremony.
the woman, identified as 24-year-old Krista Dotzenrod from Minnesota, said it was 'pure luck' 'I was sitting there, and all of a sudden there is a ball in my cup. It fell straight in there,' said dotzenrod.
youGov poll asked 1713 Brits and 1124 americans their opinions on the second royal baby. landslide opinion was only contested by two per cent of Brits and seven per cent of Americans, who alternatively want prince george to have a baby brother. in the UK, Charlotte, Alice and Alexandra are the leading names, with Charlotte scooping the lead with 13 per cent. americans instead favour distinctively prominent royal names, with the top three being Diana at 19 per cent.
the couple, who have not been named, were arguing in the parking lot of an apartment complex in the 9800 block of south Kirkwood Road, south west Houston. her husband admitted to police that during the heat of the argument he tried to drive off in his green Chevrolet pickup truck when his wife grabbed the door handle, slipped and he ran her over. police spent several hours questioning the husband about the tragic events that unfolded Monday. but no charges have been filed against him.
pietro boselli, 26, is an advanced maths lecturer with a PHD. he was scouted by armani junior which started off a double life of studying hard for his exams and posing in front of the lens whenever he could. his students at the university of central london discovered the fitness fanatic's secret after googling him. he is hoping to earn enough money from modelling to set up his own engineering consultancy.
hookers for Hillary work at Dennis Hof's infamous Moonlite Bunny Ranch in Carson City. the legal brothel was the subject of HBO's cathouse series. the group has drafted a four-point platform explaining their endorsement.
at least that's according to a new textbook that takes the meaning of the phrase're-writing history' to a whole new level. perhaps unsurprisingly, the manual contains now mention of the country's history, instead devoting its chapters to questionable details. subjects include Kim's incredible ability to drive a year as a toddler and his remarkable sailing prowess before he'd even reached double figures.
the 3,600-passenger, union Jack-adorned Britannia is the largest ship built for the UK market. with a 3600 capacity, the ship is the biggest built for the british market.
four-day inspection from experts from Moscow under a european arms control treaty. they are attending Exercise Joint Warrior, designed to send a signal to the President in the face of continuing aggression. it is the first time Russian inspectors have attended Nato manoeuvres since relations between Moscow and the alliance plummeted after the annexation of Crimea.
the drone was flying asparagus to a Michelin-starred restaurant in the uk. it crashed and exploded mid-way through its journey to the restaurant. the pilot had followed the drone in the back of a pick-up truck.
the judge who posted details of the star's adoption has been forced to hand in his law licence because of a bribery conviction. he faces up to 10 years in prison and a $250,000 fine when he is sentenced in July. he sparked controversy last march when he admitted posting a series of comments that were racist, sexist and offensive towards the LGBT community.
Amol Gupta, from Manhattan, is suing ZogSports kickball league claiming that during a match two years ago he ran into a brick wall, breaking his nose and elbow. kickball is a popular schoolyard game similar to baseball where players kick the ball to bat instead of using bats.
prosecutors filed paperwork in Circuit Court charging Geraldine Jones, 36, with murder, kidnapping and criminal confinement. police say they have not yet been in contact with Jones, of Gary, who police say is being treated in Texas for depression.
Nathalie Croquet, from Paris, has recreated a series of glossy commercials for her project SPOOF. the exhibition includes parodies of ads from Givenchy, Lancome, Lanvin and Acne.
mandy Greenwood, 39, was abused by her father, 61, as a child. she carried the terrible secret around with her for more than 20 years. it was only after she confided in her husband, Dave, that she felt strong enough to seek help.
the 53-year-old showed off her tan in a white bikini on a beach in barbados. she had been jet skiing two days before and accessorised with a help for heroes wristband and swept her sun-bleached hair up into a butterfly clip.
two aviation fans set out to document the world's airport codes and explain how they were chosen. listing the origins of 438 airports from 94 countries, they explain the reasons behind the unusual acronyms. SUX - Iowa's Sioux City airport ended up with the unfortunate three letter code SUX and have tried to change it many times.
Kaitlyn Granado, 24, was arrested on march 19 for having an inappropriate relationship with a 15-year-old student, and was released on bail. now she has been arrested again after another pupil, also aged 15, accused her of having sex with him on two consecutive nights in January. the abuse came to light after a school police officer learned of a possible relationship between Granado and one of the boys last month.
'Her bill was $20 and some change, and they paid with $21 and left,' said the manager of the Maumee, ohio, restaurant. 'the other lady paid the bill,' he said, referring to abedin, the vice chairwoman of Clinton's campaign. not every Chipotle restaurant has a jar for change. And many customers pay with a card.
the 21-year-old man has been arrested on suspicion of murder. he is being questioned in connection with the death of the man. the 54-year-old victim was named locally as 54-year-old 'pongo'. a second man was seriously injured in the brawl but his injures are not life threatening.
training consultant's firm brought in just £3,378 over the 12 months to July 2014. his latest accounts for the year to July 2014 were filed to Companies house. former stockbroker lives with wife and one-year-old daughter in £45million house.
patrolman Michael Slager will be refused the right to hold the baby which his wife Jamie is set to give birth to in a few weeks. contact is via video screens with headphones at the Charleston county jail. it is deemed unsafe for an infant to enter the prison so he will have to rely on photographs as cell phones and access to the internet is forbidden.
the video captures the 'end of days' group brawling with cops in cottonwood, ariz., on march 21 just moments before a deadly gunfight. one of the officers says: 'no, you are not going to separate me from my parents,' followed by, 'don't touch me' a Walmart employee is also seen trying to aid police and throws a punch in a bid to subdue the band members.
none* is available to download for iOS, Android and Windows Phone devices. players are confronted with a black screen and a single clue written in white. they use the keyboard to type their guesses in order to progress to the next level. there are 50 levels in total in 'Episode One' and clues get tougher. there are no images, music, animations, sound effects or hints to help users, or indication of what the purpose of the game is exactly.
former pm said he wanted to create a 'cadre' of former leaders to advise governments. praised authoritarian military regime in Egypt, accused of human rights abuses. said he hoped to stay active in politics and business well into his 90s.
Netflix is near the top of the pile, paying a median of $180,000 a year. the other boldface name in the group is google, which comes in at no. 13 and pays an average of $143,000 a year. nine of the top 15 companies are in the tech sector.
truckers from Bulgaria, Poland and Romania offered £100 for each driver. mainline is offering incentive to any worker who refers a qualified driver to undertake work for four weeks. this is despite there being 3,000 jobless residents in Swindon.
Shannon Hamilton, who had grown fustrated waiting for the local authorites to act, was arrested by deputies on Gene Nix Road on Sunday. his 18-year-old son, Kale, captured the moment his father was charged with interference with government property on his cell phone. since the teens' deaths, more than 3,000 people have signed a Change.org petition calling for safety features on the bridge.
wei Guiyi, 76, guides blind husband Huang Funeng, 80, around using bamboo sticks. couple married 55 years ago when they were in their 20s but were never able to have children.
the aluminium battery was created at Stanford university, california. it is said to be the first high-performance aluminium battery that is 'fast-charging, long-lasting and inexpensive' lithium-ion batteries can take hours to charge, but the new battery can withstand more than 7,500 cycles without any loss of capacity.
migrants told how they were forced to deny faith or face death in Libya. 19-year-old Haben said: 'we are Christians but we had to deny our faith' he and his brother arrived in Sicily a week ago, just days before 900 died.
the body of adored teacher and bride-to-be Stephanie Scott has been formally identified after an autopsy was carried out this week. the 26-year-old's burned body was found five metres from a road in cocoparra national park, north of Griffith, on friday afternoon. a post-mortem has been completed at Glebe Morgue in Sydney and a report is in the hands of the coroner. the department of forensic medicine has made contact with Ms Scott
vera Baird donated £500,000 to Victims First Northumbria charity last month. she runs the charity alongside chief constable Sue Sim, records reveal. critics accuse the pair of concocting a'soap opera' within the force.
'Alkira,' which is Aboriginal for bright and sunny, features six bedrooms, six bathrooms, five balconies and three garage spots. it was designed by architect Charles Wright and won the Australian Institute of Architects House of the Year for Queensland in 2014. the property has been on the market for over a year, but real estate agents believe this is the year the property will sell.
the 56-page book was written in 1942 at the government code and cypher school at Bletchley park, in Buckinghamshire. it is believed to be the only extensive Turing manuscript in existence. it was sold for $1,025,000 (£698,000) in a fine books & manuscripts sale at bonhams in new york on monday.
former Destrehan high school teacher shelley dufresne, 32, was arrested in september after a 16-year-old student started bragging to friends that he was sleeping with two teachers. an investigation later revealed that the unidentified teen had sex with both his current teacher at the time, dufresne, and his teacher from the prior year, 24-year-old Rachel Respess. the married mother-of-three changed her plea deal and confessed
the most expensive edition model costs up to £2,500 more in the UK. at the lower end of the scale British buyers pay up to £63 more for the Sport model. the cheapest model is the 38mm Sport and costs £299 in the uk. in the us, the same model costs $349, but this doesn't include sales tax. in the us, the same model costs $349, but this doesn't include sales tax.
45 per cent of under-30s surveyed said they had a painful back or neck. 86 per cent said it was a problem – compared with 77 per cent last year. Almost one in four said that they are in pain on a daily basis.
footage shows how one of the men emerged from his black BMW with no shirt on before trying to punch the driver of a white BMW through his car window. distressed onlookers tried to intervene in the violent clash which culminated in the driver of the white BMW accelerating and hitting the other man in broad daylight. he briefly reversed before ramming into a white Mercedes and white Prius, appearing to trap the other man between the three cars. the 25-year-old driver of the white BMW
the acclaimed author of such classics as I Know Why the Cage Bird Sings and On the Pulse of Morning was honored by the US Postal Service in a star-studded ceremony on Tuesday. the stamp features a picture of Angelou's face and one of her many memorable quotes. 'A bird doesn't sing because it has an answer, it sings because it has a song,' reads the stamp, a quote that has long been attributed to Angelou.
the 19-year-old has been announced as the face of the brand's 2015 'Ready For It' campaign. the partnership between the platinum award-winning artist and the UK's number 1 dry shampoo brand was fused together by the MILES agency.
royal Caribbean's Legend of the Seas reported 135 passengers took ill before it docked on Tuesday. just one day prior, the Celebrity Infinity docked in the southern California city with 106 sick. norovirus is an extremely contagious virus from contaminated water or food that can live on surfaces for weeks.
marc carn, 29, was drinking in an Irish bar with ten friends when he disappeared. he failed to turn up for flight home and his family contacted the foreign office. they said his disappearance was completely out of character and feared he would miss the first birthday of his twins. but the phoneless 29-year-old today handed himself into the consulate.
re-tweeted image with caption: 'Labour's new floating voters. Coming to a country near you soon' around 1,300 people are believed to have drowned in the past two weeks. up to 950 people perishing off the italian island of Lampedusa.
easyJet and BA among airlines set to scrap hundreds of flights. walk-out will start at 5am tomorrow and run for 48 hours. experts fear up to half of all flights between the uk and france could be axed.
facebook's sidebar status feature lets users post a short message about what they are doing in a sidebar added to the social network’s mobile app. it can be accessed by swiping right on the screen and brings up a user’s most messaged friends. there, they can see short updates such as'making blueberry scones at home' and 'watching the game at home'
former Chancellor bemoaned the party's recent electoral performances. warned against offering 'blank cheques' to the NHS and foreign aid budgets. also criticised leadership for making personal attacks on Ed Miliband.
Zakiur Rehman Lakhvi was allowed to leave adiala prison in rawalpindi late on. his release was slammed with india calling it an 'insult' to victims of the three-day onslaught. it comes after nearly four months of wrangling over his detention.
a complaint about an unsatisfactory milkshake served at a Louisiana branch of the fast-food chain quickly turned ugly when the employee started cursing at the customer. 'Baby, you're about to get it,' the employee is heard saying. 'you cannot treat people like this, this is your job,' the employee snapped back.
the $2 coin commemorates the 100th anniversary of the landing of Anzac troops at Gallipoli during world war one. it features an image of poppies - symbolic of remembrance - among crosses similar to those that mark the graves of fallen soldiers. it also features a small circle that is the colour of red poppy flowers. it will be in circulation from Monday, but an artist's impression of the coin clearly shows the craftsmanship involved.
Eloise Parry 'burned up from the inside' after swallowing highly-toxic substance. 21-year-old began feeling unwell at around lunchtime and drove herself to hospital. doctors carried out a toxicity test and discovered she was in grave danger. her metabolism began to soar and she started to overheat. despite doctors desperately trying to stabilise her, she died just three hours later. her mother has issued a stark warning about buying diet pills online.
court records show he was $7,500 behind on child support when he was pulled over. he had already been jailed three times for missing payments. family believe fear of being arrested was the reason he tried to flee. but there was nothing directing officers to bring him in to face judge.
one in five american women are willing to undergo dangerous beauty treatments in order to achieve the ideal look. nearly a fifth would still pursue a treatment to get the right look - even if it proved hazardous to their health. 7 per cent have had allergic reactions.
Rachel Lynn Lehnardt, 35, was arrested for allegedly throwing a drunken party for her 16-year-old daughter at their home in Evans, Georgia. the mother-of-five had been a life-long follower of the Mormon church and had never touched a drop of alcohol before splitting from her husband, her lawyer said. but following their divorce last year, she began drinking and eventually broke away from the church, where she had once been a Sunday school teacher. her alcohol abuse culminated in
56-page book bought in Cambridge contains Turing's thoughts on 'leibniz notation' he wrote: 'i find [it] extremely difficult to understand in spite of it having been the one I understood the best once!' it was written at the Bletchley park code-breaking headquarters in 1942. it is believed to be the only extensive Turing manuscript known to exist.
new metro line extension opened this week in the Czech capital. but the point where passengers transfer from trains to buses doesn't have a moving staircase. porters are left to carry passengers’ heavy bags up and down the steep stairs at Nadrazi Veleslavin station, in north-west Prague.
carrie Fisher, 58, who is reprising her role as Princess Leia, and mark Hamill, 63, who is Luke Skywalker, were arm-in-arm on the stage just before the second trailer for the December film was rolled out. not on hand was Harrison Ford, who is the franchise's Han Solo. producer Kathleen Kennedy explained the 72-year-old was'resting' after miraculously surviving a March plane crash in los angeles.
the 25-year-old model had gone on the run after ex-partner was found murdered. she was tracked down to her family's home 2,000 miles away in western Slovakia. her parents say they feel hated in their own village and are selling their home. they are being forced to move somewhere more secluded and pay thousands for lawyers' fees.
eight guards at the detention centre have been suspended. they were found to be contravening a company policy that they display 'cultural sensitivity' a former staffer said the guards 'frequently referred to asylum seekers in their care as the enemy'
student Drew Hollinshead, 21, stopped in the first space available when he saw the pensioner collapse on the pavement. but as he helped her for less than a minute, a traffic warden put a ticket on his car. he initially tore it up and threw it in the bin before later going back to pick it up. 'any normal person would have turned a blind eye when they saw why I had stopped,' he said.
the infant was found trapped in a tied plastic bag in a dumpster in myrtle beach, south carolina, on tuesday afternoon. her mother, who will be identified once she is formally charged, turned herself in on tuesday night after seeing herself on television in pictures released by police. the 8lb 6oz newborn was taken to hospital where she is listed in stable condition.
a busker with a ukulele sang: 'f*** off back to Eton with all your Eton chums' the tory leader has staged his first on-camera walkabout of the campaign. he was urged to avoid 'name calling' tactics against labour leader ed miliband.
a 13-year-old boy called 911 after a fire broke out on the first floor of his home in Clinton on sunday morning. he told the dispatcher the siblings were trapped in the room because it was too hot to get out through the hallway. he also soothed his sister after she blurted out, 'we're going to die', during the call and told her to'stay low' and reminded her to breathe. firefighters were able to enter the room by breaking a window
investigators believe co-pilot Andreas Lubitz locked captain out of cockpit. he deliberately crashed plane into a french mountainside on march 24. investigators believe all 150 people on board were killed in the crash.
the actor and former California governor wrote an op-ed for the washington post. he said the defining problem is that Republicans are focusing on the wrong issues, in a move that will only hurt the GOP and further alienate voters.
SS sergeant known as 'the bookkeeper of Auschwitz' set to go on trial. charged with complicity in killing of 300,000 at the extermination camp. relatives of those murdered there filed into court today for trial of 93-year-old. they spoke of their pain, pride and duty in confronting this 'cog' in machine.
Linden Adkins was caught on camera getting out of his minivan and screaming at a motorist at Kent State university in ohio on Wednesday. the 56-year-old can be heard shouting: 'what kind of moron are you?' he was then dragged to the ground as he tried to grab the windshield wipers. he suffered road rash and was treated at the scene.
four-year-old cockapoo has visited 11 countries and 23 destinations. she takes more trips with her owner every year than the average briton. now the pair have been joined on their trips by their new dog, George.
hoda muthana, 20, fled to Raqqa, Syria, after being persuaded by terrorists that it was her duty as a Muslim. she lied to her family and cashed in her tuition money to flee the west. despite pleas from her family to come home, she is resolute and claims it is the duty of all true Muslims to join her.
a cell phone footage appears to show a Minneapolis police officer threatening to break the legs of a teenager who claims he was pulled over because of racial profiling. the video was recorded by teen Faysal Mohamed on march 18. 'if you f*** with me I'm going to break your leg before you even get a chance to run. be honest. I don't screw around,' says the officer.
the national union of teachers has called for a 'positive portrayal of same sex relationships' in lessons to be made 'compulsory' under the next government. critics accused the NUT of 'thought control' and said the 'intolerant' proposals risked 'oversexualising' children at a young age.
some children drink 'excessive' amounts of red bull, Monster and Relentless. this causes 'hyperactivity' and an 'inevitable crash' later, union says. of 3,500 teachers it surveyed, 13 per cent cited 'use of caffeine' as a driver of poor pupil behaviour.
quavious marshall, 24, Kirschnick ball, 20, and kiari cephus, 23, were escorted off the gsu campus on saturday night and taken into custody. authorities said that they suspected the music stars were in possession of drugs when 'a very potent smell' of marijuana was detected coming from their two tour buses. the three band members are best known for their 2013 single Versace and their 2014 track.
fans paid nearly £40 to see rapper perform at 'intimate gig' in Canterbury. but he arrived late and spent just a few minutes on stage playing two songs. he then told the audience: 'See you on tour' and left the stage. club which hosted the event has apologised and accused him of breaking contract.
the 25-ft long wreckage was discovered floating west of ona beach in Lincoln county at about 9.30am on Thursday. biologists inspected the boat remains and found 'live specimens of a variety of yellowtail jack fish found in the coastal waters of Japan'
people are buying luxury items amid falling prices and rising wages. spending in restaurants has increased by 17 per cent in the last 12 months. electronics spend has risen 7 per cent in the last year. furniture has jumped by 5 per cent, with more people sprucing up homes.
audio has surfaced of the cop who killed Walter Scott laughing and admitting to experiencing a rush of adrenaline in the minutes following the shooting. the conversation was picked up by the dashcam in the officer's patrol car following the incident in north Charleston on April 5. the dashcam footage showing Scott, 50, a coast guard veteran, being pulled over for a broken tail light just minutes before Slager shot him, was released to the media on Thursday.
tory party chairman accused of doctoring pages to promote himself. he is accused of deleting references to his past from his own page. but he denies the claims describing them as an 'extreme dirty tricks campaign'.
the state last executed a prisoner in 2009. since then, legal challenges and problems obtaining lethal injection drugs have stalled new executions. in 2013, the court set new execution dates for 11 inmates.
the unnamed woman was discovered around 8.20am Sunday hanging from the third-floor fire escape of her apartment building on Utica Ave. near Prospect Place in Crown Heights. witnesses say they were traumatized and one passer-by said she initially thought the body was fake and believed it was a 'halloween prank' the woman's identity has not been released pending notification of her family.
Jessica Silva stabbed and killed her abusive husband on mother's day 2012. she visited the home of James Polkinghorne's father to explain to him why she had to kill his son.'my head is just full, I can't live with it, I need forgiveness,' she told 60 Minutes. she walked free from court last month despite being convicted of manslaughter.
twins were born in the uk and were broadly representative of the population. aim was to explore how much nature and nurture influence our party political allegiances and potential voting preferences. twin studies are useful for exploring whether a trait is forged in the genes, passed down or by the environment a person is living in.
skeletons were found on top of one another in the tomb from Korea’s Silla Dynasty. archaeologists are almost certain that the tomb was intended for a noblewoman. they believe the man she is lying with may have been killed so he could be buried with her. but no precious possessions were found with the male body, leading experts to speculate that he was killed to imitate sex.
insurgent actress Shailene woodley colouring her lips with roasted beetroot. Kate Moss submerging her face in cucumber water. gossip girl actress Blake Lively reveals secret behind glossy blonde locks.
mandy o'riordan, 47, left with life-threatening injuries to chest, torso and back. but today it can be revealed her married postman lover, Nick Gunn, 41, had affairs with women on his rounds. he started an affair with her last year and the romance led to her husband placing a GPS tracker on her car as he hired a private detective.
the civil rights leader delivered a sermon at charity missionary Baptist church. he addressed the Scott case and the need for reform around national policing legislation. the civil rights leader is expected to attend a vigil near the scene of the shooting on Sunday afternoon.
a poll of 2,000 britons found that 68 per cent had hurt themselves. two in five had injured their back, one in five had cut themselves. one in ten had suffered side effects from inhaling chemical fumes. one in 30 suffered after getting paint or chemicals in their eyes.
Nafir Afzal said teenagers are at risk of 'jihadimania' he said children are'manipulated' by Islamists and that 'another 7/7' could happen. prosecutor said community-led approach to dealing with teenagers would be more successful than'stale' strategy used by police and security services.
Spanish researchers say climate change impacted human migration. Until 1.4 million years ago it was too cold to inhabit southeast Spain. but then the climate warmed to 13°C (55°F) and became more humid. this enabled hominins - our distant ancestors - to move to new regions. they were able to branch out from africa into Spain and spread across Europe.
London-based designer claims to have made the world's safest bike. Called the Babel Bike it has a host of features including a roll cage. Crispin Sinclair is seeking £50,000 of funding on site Indiegogo. the bike also has foot protectors and an electric motor.
the London mayor will make a high-profile joint appearance with David Cameron. growing calls for him to be 'weaponised' as party seeks to break away from labour.
the two men clasped hands yesterday at a brief meeting at the summit of the. Americas in Panama. the gesture of friendship is an outward symbol of Obama's project to thaw diplomatic relations with. Cuba, which have been frozen since the 1960s. the white house has set expectations for a'substantive' exchange between the two men today.
Holly Barber, 25, woke up feeling unwell and with chest and neck pains. but when she started coughing up blood she knew it was something serious. she rushed to hospital where doctors diagnosed 13 pulmonary embolisms. blood clots blocked the arteries in her lungs killing the tissue and stopping her breathing properly. she was treated with medication but a year later was dealt another blow when medics found another melon-sized blockage in her right lung.
centre pompidou malaga is the first of several pop-up versions of the famous Parisian gallery planned outside France. it is housed in a low-slung white building topped with a giant glass cube in the trendy harbour area. the first overseas branch of St Petersburg State Russian Museum has just opened in a refurbished tobacco factory.
noel biderman, 43, came up with the idea for the site in the 1990s when he worked as a sports lawyer. he wants to raise money from investors to fund a launch of its services in Russia, Ukraine and the Baltic states. despite being happily married himself, he claims infidelity can actually save relationships and believes people 'use affairs to preserve their marriage'
police say Sandra Mathis, 52, repeatedly stabbed her 48-year-old husband in the upper torso after an argument. he was found bleeding from a wound in his neck under a bridge in the 1800 block of Commercial Street in San Diego. he was pronounced dead two hours later.
yvonne camargo, 39, of Victorville, was arrested on suspicion of willful cruelty to a child on April 3. the video was filmed April 1 in a parking lot after a man identifying as Edward Moneyhanz saw the woman 'pulling this kid by his hair out of the khols store' she can be seen wiping the young boy's face as he cries.
the first weekend of the arts and music festival wrapped in Indio, California. some of the outfits paraded around the sunny campus stood out as particularly woeful. one woman was nude except for a minute chainmail band slung around her hips. another was dressed in a strappy monokini, essentially leaving her practically naked apart from a pair of sturdy boots, a beaded headband, shades and a sheer white printed kimono.
mechanic John Brynarsky's son was shot and killed in his custom car detail shop in union county, north Carolina, in 2006. when he was shot, he fell over a bumper he was working on and damaged it. his friend mark cosentino repaired the bumper and wrote an inscription on the inside dedicated to his slain friend before reattaching it to the car.
jamal Kiyemba, 36, was detained in Kampala in connection with killing. he was held at Guantanamo for four years and awarded huge payout. case championed by human rights group who branded him 'gentle, kind, beautiful'
poll of 15,560 family doctors found one in six is considering going part-time. another one in ten is thinking about moving abroad to lower pay. senior GPs say they are facing 'incredible' pressures brought on by ageing population.
400 Zimbabweans packed onto buses to escape anti-immigrant attacks. about 3,200 Malawians have also sought refuge in temporary camps. comes as influential Zulu king goodwill zwelithini denies whipping up xenophobic hatred.
Hayley Grimes, 42, found baby's body in pond in weasenham, Norfolk. she was just a teenager when she found the body wrapped in a blanket. police used DNA profiling techniques to trace back to the boy's family. the boy's mother, who has not been named, told officers she had put the body into the lake after going through the trauma of a stillbirth. but she said it was 'unthinkable' that the baby had not been given
historians have long believed this was result of an epileptic attack. but new research suggests that the Roman general may in fact have been suffering from a series of mini-strokes that affected both his mental and physical state.
baroness Hale wants to see bitterness taken out of most matrimonial disputes. couples currently have to cite adultery; unreasonable behaviour; desertion for two or more years; or five years’ separation without consent. around 120,000 couples divorce in england and wales each year.
marla McCants, 43, from Nashville, weighed 800lbs when she was kidnapped by an ex-boyfriend and held hostage. doctors determined that she was only months - maybe weeks - from dying. after a lengthy hospital stay and gastric bypass surgery, the mother-of-three refused to let medical professionals help her stand up.
gang posed as rich italian businessmen to steal £1.5million in gold bullion and jewellery. they planned to hide inside a flat-pack wooden cabinet as a 'trojan horse' one of the thieves would show a jeweller real money in a briefcase. he would then switch the case for an identical case containing counterfeit notes. gang walked off with their money and the stolen jewellery. but they were seized when police swooped on a conference room in
police hunting 26-year-old man over alleged double murder of his mother and sister. body of 27-year-old was found half a mile apart in bootle, Merseyside. her 57-year-old mother was found dead at sheltered accommodation. police say she died of asphyxiation, while her daughter was repeatedly stabbed. police say they want to speak 'urgently' with him but warn public not to approach him.
the dogs were found last Saturday in a blacked-out barn in Manchester, tennessee, surrounded by their own waste. some had acid burns from the ammonia of their own urine, and there was also a wheelbarrow in the barn filled with 10 dead dogs piled on top of each other and covered in maggots. the property owner, 64-year-old Caroline Irby, was charged with 10 counts of animal cruelty on monday and booked into the coffee county jail on $10,000
the 29-year-old creative director recruited the couple for his army of lovers campaign. he says they are 'among the most talked-about people' and embody the idea of a modern family. the couple have a 22-month-old daughter, north.
the presidential candidate said he would attend a same-sex wedding of a family member or staffer - even if he didn't agree with the decision. he said: 'i don't believe same-sex marriage is a Constitutional right'
the tunnels were dug into sandstone cliffs along the river mersey in stockport in the 1930s. originally intended to provide car parking spaces, but after the outbreak of the second world war, the space was redeveloped as an air raid shelter. it was so popular that local officials had to issue season tickets limiting the number of people who could seek refuge there.
the 32-year-old is the longtime boyfriend of dancing with the stars host Erin Andrews. he was arrested for possession of cocaine and MDMA, also known as Molly, at the wet republic pool at the MGM grand hotel. on Monday TMZ Sports added that the athlete was trying to smuggle over three grams of cocaine and over eight grams of MDMA by hiding them in his board shorts.
mother-of-two Kelly Parsons, 35, has donated 50 eggs to childless couples. she has already enabled two couples to have twins and another woman to give birth to a boy, thanks to her willingness to donate. in the space of 11 months, the 35-year-old's eggs have become twin girls, twin boys and a baby boy.
a four-year-old child climbed under a temporary bike rack along Pennsylvania Avenue triggering secret service to put the presidential residence under lockdown. the child caused the presidential residence to be closed off for a few moments on Sunday afternoon. the incident is the second lockdown in washington only a day after a man shot and killed himself on the west front of the capitol building.
coach driver forced to perform manoeuvre on narrow river slipway in dartmouth. he was carrying a bus full of french tourists when he was turned back. eyewitnesses feared one wrong move and bus would slid into estuary.
stall-holder Tania Rahman, 27, was asked if she wanted to run a stand at event. but when she asked to be counted in she was told it was not 'English-themed' she was sent a letter branded 'discriminatory' and 'utterly disappointed' council has since apologised and invited her to run a stand on the day.
Waheed Ahmed, 21, is the son of Rochdale councillor Shakil Ahmed. he was arrested with eight relatives - including four children - in a remote town. majority of the family flew to turkey on march 27 from manchester airport. they are accused of trying to sneak across the border into Syria.
the couple, from Brixham, Devon, got engaged at Jack's hospital bedside just two months ago after being left devastated by the news. in 2013, he knew there was something wrong when he started to feel tired and achy all the time. a blood test confirmed he had Acute Lymphoblastic Leukaemia. he is hoping to spend his final weeks at home surrounded by close family, his wife and her two-year-old daughter.
William Ziegler, now 39, was jailed in 2001 for killing an acquaintance of his. he was found dead next to his house in mobile the previous year. in 2012 his conviction was overturned after a judge blasted his initial trial. today he agreed to plead guilty to aiding and abetting murder.
the young child is a devoted Grizzlies fan and popular with the players. last year Grizzlies player Zach Randolph left the bench during the fourth quarter and gave the child his warm-up shirt off his back.
five-time Emmy-winning actress Candice Bergen, now 68, says she was the highest paid actor in television for a lot of years after playing the title role in the hit TV show, Murphy Brown. 'the job security was incredible. and I never wanted it end; doing Murphy Brown was insanely fun,' she says.
Niamh geaney, 26, of Dublin, found her 29-year-old doppleganger in two weeks. she launched a social media campaign with two friends called Twin Strangers. 'i was ridiculously nervous about how I would react to meeting someone who looks like me,' she said.
le Manoir aux Quat'Saisons is a 15th century manor house built with golden bricks and burgundy roof tiles. the impeccably kept grounds included perfectly trimmed lawns, bronze sculptures and the walled organic kitchen garden. the restaurant has held two Michelin stars for the best part of the 30 years since it opened.
Terry Cooper, 79, was enjoying the sunshine in his garden with his dog. the huge animal burst through a hedge with two cubs. he fears he could have been attacked if his pet had not been there. the national farmers' union has issued advice for residents on protecting their property from invading badgers.
community technology alliance is giving away free google handsets. phones come loaded with apps that help the homeless find shelters. they are also designed to help people apply for jobs and find housing.
police raided a restaurant in southern Tijuana following a tip-off. client witnessed staff butchering a dog to be served up as a pork dish. five arrests were made at the restaurant, including three workers of Chinese nationality.
Shona Banda, 37, is fighting for custody of her 11-year-old son after he disagreed with an anti-drug presentation at his school. she published a book about how she uses a liquid form of cannabis as therapy for her debilitating Crohn's disease. the boy was taken by authorities on march 24 after officials at his school reported comments he made about marijuana to child protection services.
until she was 18 Munroe Bergdorf was a boy called Ian. the beautiful DJ, 27, from east London, has worked with and modelled for a variety of fashion and beauty brands including Illamasqua and Boy London. now she's speaking out about the decision to start taking female hormones to live as a woman in the hope it will help other transgender teens.
six-month-old seal was rescued in November when she was suffering breathing difficulties. she suffered horrific injuries to her face and back after being hit by a boat. the force of the collision broke her jaw causing her death off the coast.
labour leader will allow Scotland to set a more generous benefits system. he will hand Scottish MPs the unprecedented power to set a higher state pension and more generous dole and disability payments. move will lead to fears that it could put future of the Union at risk.
customs officials at Nice airport said the drugs were found after a flight from the Dominican Republic. they said 18 packages containing 46lbs (21kg) of cocaine were stuffed inside a suitcase that was abandoned on the baggage carousel. officers are satisfied the bag did not belong to the tourist and he had nothing to do with the drug smuggling attempt.
death row records co-founder was chained down to a chair and wheeled into court. he fell at a previous hearing while addressing murder charges levied against him. the 49-year-old diabetic with a blood clot told the judge walking was not a problem. his lawyer, Matt Fletcher, said authorities put knight in the chair and chained him down as part of a 'ploy' to 'humiliate' his client.
western jihadis are ranked well below battle-hardened foreign jihadis from warzones such as Chechnya and east africa. they believe ultra-violence is the only way for them to rise up the ranks in Syria and Iraq. this would partly explain why so many western extremists are eager to take part in the terror group's sickening propaganda releases.
Laura Everley, 36, had been suffering from bloating, back pain and constipation. she put the symptoms down to irritable bowel syndrome and endometriosis. but when she saw a post on her facebook timeline, she realised it could be cancer. tests later revealed she had an aggressive ovarian tumour. she is now undergoing chemotherapy and doctors are confident she can beat the disease.
yvonne deegan, 77, described the investigation as 'absolutely diabolical' her husband Bernie, 70, died suddenly earlier this year following a 12-year cancer battle. police last week told her that his death is one of four on island of alderney.
a jury in placerville, california, took less than two hours on Wednesday to return a guilty verdict for first-degree murder against Colleen Ann Harris. Robert Harris, 72, was found dead from a shotgun blast at the couple's home in 2013. she could get 50 years to life when she is sentenced on June 5.
doaa and umm, whose names have been changed to conceal identities, were smuggled from Raqqa, in Syria, to southern turkey after leaving al-Khansa Brigade earlier this year. said they used to be heavily involved in punishing others who did not obey group's rules - including those who tried to flee. doaa, 20, left after her husband blew himself up in suicide attack. said women also received a'standard' 40 lashes if they
federal health officials say 106 passengers and six crew members aboard the Celebrity Infinity cruise ship were sickened by the gastrointestinal illness norovirus. the agency said the main symptoms for those affected were diarrhea and throwing up. the ship was on its journey from march 29 to April 13.
police officer Ryan Willmer posted a picture of his fellow officer Luke Watson on twitter, promising a series of images would follow if the first image was retweeted 500 times. 560 retweets later and Luke arrived at the station to the news that he would have to dye his blonde locks a bright and bold shade of pink. a friend used spray-in hair color to transform his blonde locks to a shocking shade of fuchsia.
the 34-year-old shared her beauty essentials on her Instagram page. protects her skin with a £65 ($96) Creme de la Mer UV Protecting Fluid. spritzes her face with a £12 ($18) rose water mist from Glossier. also features a hairbrush from her own brand, Kardashian Beauty.
father-of-four gavin Thorman, 36, of caernarfon, gwynedd, operated his drug empire. boasted in Welsh he would make'millions' when he got out of jail. drugs worth £200,000, luxury cars, guns and even a boat were all seized. organised supply of cocaine and cannabis from Liverpool and Manchester.
the boys, ages 5 and 3, were riding a child-sized 50cc all-terrain vehicle (ATV) when it crashed into a pond in northern california. the 5-year-old driver, Blake Cronkhite, lost control of the vehicle and plunged into the water. the children's fathers, William Secrest and Brandon Cronkhite, were doing yard work together. a relative spotted a helmet bobbing in the water, prompting
the luxurious Ulusaba game reserve is in south africa's Sabi Sands. it is Sir Richard Branson's private game reserve and is home to 1,000 rhinos. Kutner photographed the roar of a bush lion, the yawn of a hippo and the prowl of a glorious leopard.
the 54-year-old, who stars as fictional US president selina Meyer in the hit comedy show, was quick to note the scrutiny the former senator and secretary of state has faced as a result of her varying hairstyles.
the 'Rand' 2016 SWAG includes yard signs, bumper stickers, woven blankets, 'Stand with Rand' flip-flops, car mats and a host of other unconventional items. 'i am running for president to return our country to the principles of liberty and limited government,' as the site states.
the duke and duchess of cambridge have returned to their base in london. they spent the weekend at the private Lindo Wing at St Mary's, paddington. prince will enjoy what amounts to six weeks' paternity leave around the arrival of the new little prince or princess. until today the second in line to the throne had been expected to still be working around the time his wife is expecting their new baby.
Alan Rogers, 73, smashed the skull of 76-year-old grandfather Fred Hatch. his worried wife found him standing over the bloodied body of her husband. he calmly called the police and told them: 'i have just killed one of my neighbours'. as he was handcuffed by police, he told them: 'i have been waiting a long time to kill that man'
statue of colonialist Cecil Rhodes set to be removed from university of cape town. university council ordered removal after hearing it made black students feel uncomfortable. it follows weeks of protests at the university over the symbolism of the statue. the government has backed the move, and it has not yet been decided where it will be moved.
police in Hagerstown, Maryland, are promising a thorough investigation into the death of a man in custody after officers shocked him with a stun gun outside a home he allegedly had broken into. the man died either inside an ambulance, accompanied by two officers, or at the hospital where he was pronounced dead shortly early friday morning. the man was not carrying identification but police were later able to identify him as darrell Lawrence Brown, 31, of upper marlboro, Maryland.
the Optimal case was designed by Israeli-based developer amited. sensors in the case monitor the phone's temperature and if it gets too hot, Optimal will cool the device using two built-in micro-fans. and if it gets too cold, Optimal engages its Anti-freeze protection mode to gently heat the phone using resistance coils. a lithium-ion battery will lose six per cent of its maximum capacity every year. at 25°C (77°F)
Charlene Mess, 48, allegedly murdered her husband of 30 years, 52-year-old Douglas Mess, at their 300-acre farm in Attica, new york. his body was found stashed in a mound of manure at the back of the farm on monday. the farmer's wife remained on the property throughout the entire search and was later taken into custody.
police tried to stop the suspects' stolen car around 10pm on friday just moments after they committed the latest in a series of robberies while armed with handguns. but the car sped off with police in pursuit and struck a woman in a crosswalk, killing her. witnesses who were riding a cable car saw the black sedan go airborne, and the windshield was badly damaged. the car later hit a second pedestrian and then crashed into another car before slipping away from police in the
devout Christian Victoria Wasteney, 38, says she was branded a'religious nutcase' she was suspended from her £50,000-a-year job after colleague accused her of trying to convert her to Christianity. her lawyers have now submitted a challenge to an employment tribunal. they argue they broke the law by restricting her freedom of conscience and religion.
three men were at the helm of the yacht attempting to reach the italian coast. yacht was flying a Turkish flag and was filled with migrants desperate to start a new life. organisers charged each person $8,500 (£5,700) to make the journey. police said the total earned by the organisers was around £536,000. but even the yacht failed to make the journey in its entirety.
last month a court ruled Richard Lapointe, a former dishwasher, was deprived of a fair trial for the 1987 killing. on friday, a judge ordered him to be freed on $25,000 cash bail. the former inmate was photographed walking out of the hearing alongside his attorney and another supporter with his arms weakly raised in the air.
the agreement with Tebow stems from a framework that was put into place when he worked out with the team last month. Tebow's last regular-season game appearance was with the new york jets in 2012. he was released in 2013 having thrown only eight passes and run just 32 times in his lone season on the team.
brewing firm has seen a spike in sales following twitter spat with teetotal politician. throngs of people have turned up at brewery's Brewfactory bar in wake of row. respect party candidate for Bradford west took offence after firm asked him if he was'still a thing' brewer carefully reminded the politician that he was no longer the MP for the area after parliament was dissolved last Monday.
the channel 4 programme is hosted by actor Philip Glenister and car designer Ant Anstead. each episode looks at the history of various types of vehicles. pair broaden their horizon by working on foreign-manufactured cars.
the bullion was to pay the Americans for arms shipped to Russia during one of the most crucial stages of the Second World War. the former ferry, HMS Ulster Queen, arrived in greenock in 1942 after 13 days at sea and two ships sunk by german U-boats. but as a delicate operation began to transfer the cases of treasure onto a waiting boat, one slipped and fell into the muddy waters.
senior tory said Nigel Farage is 'not my cup of tea' and would question whether she was 'happy to serve' with the Ukip leader. but she said she would not be willing to sit around the cabinet table with the eurosceptic party if he falls short of a majority.
author of Happier People Healthier Planet, Dr Teresa Belton, insists that there are many simple things that we can do to increase happiness. inviting someone out for a cup of tea, singing in a community choir and practicing good posture can all improve general wellbeing. the doctor insists it is important to prioritise 'wellbeing' over happiness.
the latest celebrity beauty craze is having a tight jawline like Emma Stone. the 'nefertiti lift' is designed to firm the jaw line. the procedure is called a nefertiti lift.
stunt was executed by the Ecuadorean airline Tame, Ecuador's Tourism Ministry and Ministry of Transport and Public Works. 40 tourists were fooled into thinking they had flown to Costa Rica to enjoy activities in the country's Napo province. stunt sparked a diplomatic incident, with the Costa Rican government and Ambassador to Ecuador complaining to the authorities.
the ultimate toy cupboard will house up to 114 cars and have five-star accommodation for chauffeurs and staff. it is being built by the billionaire emir of Dubai, sheikh Mohammed bin Rashid Al Maktoum.
Ben Powers played the character of Thelma's husband Keith in the show's sixth and final season between 1978-1979. he passed away at his new Bedford, Massachusetts home on April 6 at the age of 64. his on-screen wife Bern Nadette Stanis wrote an emotion message on facebook on Thursday to mark the actor's death.
search history exported to a ZIP archive, with files divided by year and quarter. only account holders can see their data. follows similar moves by groups like facebook who have made it easier for users to access their archived content following privacy concerns.
the body of 23-year-old Samantha Fleming was found wrapped up in plastic and doused in bleach at a house 180 miles away in Gary, indiana. police believe a woman posed as a social worker and lured her from her home to steal her three-week-old baby. the suspect is said to have known a lot of personal information about Fleming and successfully posed as a case worker, leading her to believe she had to attend a court hearing.
for a few hundred dollars, you can purchase your own kit on the web. online advertisements have promised immediate results, but have not made the potential dangerous side effects clear. brain stimulation equipment still remains relatively new and experimental.
left-wing, Buenos aires-based Tectonica is responsible for websites of more than 200 Labour parliamentary candidates. it also designed websites of Harriet Harman, Andy Burnham and Tristram Hunt.
theory surfaced in letter from aviation boss of Chicago-based Indigo Aerospace. he says any number of external factors could have been to blame for crash. co-pilot Andreas Lubitz, 28, is believed to have locked himself in cockpit. investigators point to a history of mental illness and doctors notes.
Amanda Casey, also of North Carolina, was married to Michael Wilkie for four years and had a daughter with him before the couple divorced. he went on to marry his third wife, Shelby Wilkie. he was found guilty of first-degree murder in January for the 2012 killing of Shelby Wilkie and is serving a life sentence without parole.
homaro cantu, 38, was found dead inside a brewpub he was opening with his business partner on the north side of Chicago. friends say he had recently become strained by a lawsuit filed by a former investor in Moto and iNG, a restaurant he shuttered last year. cantu worked for famous chef trotter at his eponymous restaurant from 1999 until 2003, when he left to start his own restaurant, Moto.
a 46-year-old man has been arrested in connection with the death of an imam. Abdul Hadi arwani was found slumped in the back seat of his black car. the 48-year-old was an outspoken critic of the Assad regime. he 'actively' campaigned against extremists, his family have revealed.
Beautician Chernae Noonan founded eyebrow shaping business The Brow Bar. she has blocked the cosmetics giant's application to trademark the phrase. BeneFit is owned by luxury goods tycoon Bernard arnault.
he and wife Samantha were 'falling apart' with pressure of caring for son Ivan. he was born with Ohtahara syndrome, a rare brain disorder. it left him in a wheelchair, needing to be fed through a tube and suffering from cerebral palsy and severe epileptic fits. within a year, she said, looking after him had left the Camerons 'totally shattered'.
army psychiatrist Major Nidal hasan opened fire on the military post in 2009. he killed 13 men and women and injured 30 others before he was shot himself. authorities initially classed the mass murder as 'workplace violence' but it has since been acknowledged that the attack was an act of terrorism.
michael Kimmel, 40, was taken into custody by Kentucky state police on Monday evening after they received a 911 call about an intoxicated horse rider. he was ordered to stop, but instead dismounted and ran away wearing only a brown hat, jeans and boots. he refused a sobriety test and refused a breath and blood alcohol test. however, officers said he had slurred speech, smelt of alcohol and was unsteady on his
jahnae Jackson has put her psychology studies on hold to care for her boyfriend. he was diagnosed with a stage four brain tumour four weeks ago. the 18-year-olds from northern NSW have raised over $80,000 from community generosity for his life-saving surgery. 'he's already paralysed and I have to help him do many things, including dress him'
the move comes in response to an online petition posted on the white house website following the death of 17-year-old Leelah Alcorn. the petition currently has over 120,000 signatures. the transgender teen committed suicide in December.
the movie is titled 'Battle for Sevastopol' in Russia but 'Indestructible' across the border in Ukraine. $5million (£3m) movie was launched last week with glitzy gala premieres in both Moscow and Kiev. director Sergei Mokritsky said: 'i am hoping this film will unite people and at least for two hours, for the length of this film, people can come together in our shared history'
formerly home to post office, grocery store and school house in 1870s and 80s. but now, ghost town of Evansville in comanche county, ks, is in disrepair. rancher Larry 'Dee' Scherich and wife, Phyllis, tend to site's cattle. but they do not have to worry about unexpected visitors, nor noisy neighbors. instead, they encounter only hired workers in town, which once housed headquarters of largest cattle ranch in history.
'Child 44' tells the story of a serial killer who targets children in the Stalin era. it is based on a novel by british writer tom robsmith. film's distributors agreed to withdraw a request for a distribution licence. culture ministry said film distorted history as it celebrated victory over nazi.
the 45-year-old was in the US working as a research professor and director at the prestigious US Naval War College in Rhode Island. he allegedly uploaded images of child pornography to the social networking site, Tumblr. if convicted he faces 20 years' jail in the us.
the post and Courier newspaper of Charleston, south. Carolina scooped the top award for its powerful photo series entitled 'till death do us part' on domestic violence. it was awarded the gold medal for public service, the first time in five years that the prize has gone to such a small newspaper.
family visited fast food outlet with his wife and two young children. meal interrupted by sounds of what appeared to be pornographic film. sex scene featured full nudity and strong sexual content. screened in front of couple's 6-year-old twins.
pastor of the W.O.R.D. Ministries in Summerville, south Carolina, gave impassioned speech at funeral of son, Walter Scott. presiding over service, he referred to officer who shot him five times in the back as a 'disgrace' he said: 'it's one thing to have a loved one die... it's another to have to watch them die... and see how they died'.
police began combing woodland in Argyll this afternoon following reports of a small plane losing contact with ground control. at around 8pm this evening officers discovered the remains of the two passengers thought to have been on board. comes after a rescue operation was launched in the beinn nan Lus area of Glen Kinglass earlier today.
five-year-old was diagnosed with cancer in his kidney, neck, lungs and bones. but his Ninja Turtle mask helped him feel stronger while undergoing radiotherapy. he asked if he could decorate the protective mask that holds him still. after his story made headlines around the world, staff at children's television channel Nickelodeon even sent him a box full of Ninja Turtles presents for christmas.
the couple want to install air-con in five rooms at the £31.5 million home. neighbour expressed 'deep concerns' about impact of noise, vibration, dirt, pollution and dust from the construction. but other locals gave their support to the couple and council approved plans.
director of public prosecutions forced into humiliating climbdown. she abandoned trials of nine reporters accused of illegally paying officials. sparked ugly blame game as architects of £20million 'witch hunt' turned against each other.
there is almost nothing in officer Michael Thomas Slager's file to suggest that his bosses considered him a rogue officer capable of murdering a man he just pulled over for a broken tail light. people in the community he served say this reflects what's going wrong with policing today: officers nearly always get the last word when citizens complain.
hot dudes with dogs features buff, often topless, men cuddling their dogs. the account was started by staff writer Kaylin Pound and relies on submissions. now boasting 148,000 followers, it relies on submissions via direct messages.
genealogists have made an error in compiling the family tree of Hillary Clinton. a definitive family tree has revealed her links to a poor mining community. ystradyfodwg, pronounced ust-rady-vod-ug, was the home of Mrs Clinton's great grandmother. it is named after a sixth century Welsh saint who may have been a monk.
Mackenzi Sue-Rose Miller, 21, charged with DUI manslaughter and DUI while causing injuries. she allegedly struck and killed 13-year-old Trinity backmann on february 28 in apopka, florida. her BAC levels were 0.114 and 0.110, while Florida's legal driving limit is 0.08.
Julio 'Wemo' Acevedo, 46, was found guilty of manslaughter and criminally negligent homicide. he was sentenced to 25 years to life in prison on monday. he killed nachman and Raizel Glauber, who were 7 months pregnant at the time of the crash.
Martin and Jessica Castillo, from nuevo laredo, lost the ring while they were scuba diving during their honeymoon in 2012. they had all but given up hope of finding it when they were told it had been found by a scuba diver. now, in honor of the lucky reunion, they have renewed their vows - and even invited 'godfather of the ring', or 'padrino de anillo', to play a role.
in an emotional outburst during a concert he appeared close to tears as he referenced his daughter's ongoing battle for her life. the one-time boy band star shied away from talking in detail about his daughter but instead admitted these were 'rough times' he took time out during his 45-minute set to promote his kine of BBQ sauces.
Ronald Anderson, 48, was arrested after he kidnapped a woman, shot a census bureau guard and led police on a car chase on before authorities cornered him. he was previously convicted of manslaughter and recently was arrested in an assault case involving his 'visibly afraid' girlfriend. the woman, whose 10-month-old son was home, told police that Anderson had hit her several times, knocking her into walls, because he thought she was looking at another man
three east London schoolgirls reportedly living in the city of Raqqa, syria. they have forged social media links with female leaders of al-Khansa brigade. al-Khansa is an all-women militia set up by lslamic state a year ago. it is believed they are now training with one of the notorious females arms. group has declared children as young as nine should be married. women should obey men -
pollster ICM today defended its process 'using random location selection techniques'. the polling company was hired by the BBC to select the audience members. but he said something had gone 'wrong' with the process.
former SNP leader said he was 'foolish' to rule out a coalition with labour. he said all parties would have to face the 'electorate's judgment' after election. comes after Nicola Sturgeon warned he would not be forgiven if he allowed David Cameron back into downing street because he was unwilling to do a deal with the snp.
presenters star in new campaign for garnier nutrisse. davina, 47, and Holly, 34, can be seen larking around with their hair pulled over their mouths to resemble a moustache.
little Rosannah Gundry was diagnosed with stage three neuroblastoma cancer. the tumour weighs more than half her body weight and is pressing against her spine. the 19-month-old was misdiagnosed with scoliosis when she was three months old. her family are desperately searching for specialists to remove the tumour.
sisters Yogita Rameshbhai Nandwana, five, and anisha, three, weigh 5st 5lbs (34kg), 7st 8lbs (48kg) and 2st 5lbs (15kg) respectively. they eat 18 chapatis, 3lbs of rice, two bowls of broth, six packets of crisps, five packs of biscuits, 12 bananas and a litre of milk daily. the food they eat in a week is enough to
Mohammed Ali Malek, 27, was arrested when he stepped onto Sicilian soil last night. he was forced to watch the bodies of 24 victims being carried off the ship. he was later charged with multiple manslaughter, causing a shipwreck and aiding illegal immigration.
exclusive ComRes survey shows lib dems are equal to lib dems in polls. it is the first time since late 2013 that lib dems have failed to outpoll. the poll also gives the tories a commanding lead on key economic issues.
text message intended for senior aide to. George Osborne accidentally sent to a newspaper. revealed plans for a 'tax free minimum wage' the minimum wage currently stands at £6.50 an hour, rising to £6.70 in. October.
weighed 18 stone 7lbs and had struggled with her weight all her life. ditched her diet of crisps for breakfast, pork pies for lunch and frozen pizza for dinner and dropped to 12 stone in less than two years. slimming world consultant is one year away from walking down the aisle for a fourth time - to marry the love of her life Luke Haynes.
Sienna Miller is a yoga fan - her mother started one of the first London yoga schools in the seventies. she also works with a personal trainer, power-walking and jogging around her local park.
an extraordinary image has emerged of what appears to be a cloud formation that draws uncanny similarities to an Aussie Digger wearing a slouch hat. the photo was taken by Brad Allan in Cape York, far north Queensland, as he was heading out fishing at the break of dawn. the 50-year-old describes it as 'the sunrise digger who's been watching over us for 100 years'
danica Marie McKinnon, 24, charged with DUI manslaughter and vehicular homicide. college student slammed into vehicle of florida businessman vihn Vo, 42, on may 18, 2013. he was pronounced dead at the scene, despite good Samaritans' desperate efforts to save him.
David Axelrod masterminded two presidential election victories for Barack Obama. he was hired by the labour leader amid great fanfare last year. reveals he is not resident for tax purposes in the uk.
the 12 jurors and 12 alternates were chosen on Tuesday in in Arapahoe County District Court after a selection process that began on January 20. a union plumber, a school teacher and a survivor of the 1999 columbine high school massacre were among the 19 women and five men chosen. a lawyer, a gas station attendant, a military veteran and an active-duty service member were also selected.
research found women with increased hair-shedding responded well to iron supplements. a clinical trial looked into the efficacy of the supplement Viviscal. after six months, hairs in those taking the supplement had increased in width by an average of 7 per cent compared with the placebo group.
children caught throwing rocks at police in the northern territory will be removed from their families if their parents don't 'get off the grog' and bring them home. parents will also be fined $298 if their child is found on the streets during school hours. on monday 42 people were taken into protective custody and 34 young people were driven home after a group of 50 young people threw 'large rocks' at police.
'Little Mac' climbed almost 700 feet up a ladder before taking a high-altitude poop. tower crane operator hasn't documented previous appearances by raccoons, but he does often post photos from his crane.
model, 37, was formally a size 18 and posed in campaigns for major brands. but she was secretly'repulsed' by her body, so she checked into fitness camp. lost two stone in two months - going down from 14st to just below 12st.
detectives raided his private health centre and his surgery was raided. he was suspended by the medical practitioner's tribunal service. islanders claim the death of Karen, 52, prompted the investigation. islanders also claim retired stonemason Colin, 63, died of heart failure.
Abdulkadir Zeyat, 45, his wife Antika, 43, and six of their children were found dead. they were discovered at their house in the village of alintepe, eastern turkey. authorities believe the family, which included siblings as young as three-years-old, died of food poisoning or exposure to poisonous gas from a cylinder they kept for lighting purposes. the only survivor was the couple's eldest son, Kemal Zeyat, 19, who had been out at work
leanna norris, 25, drugged two-year-old Loh Grenada with antihistamine. she covered her mouth and nose with duct tape and a blanket, a court heard. the body was found in the front seat of her car in Stetson, Maine, in 2013. she had tried to commit suicide after killing her daughter, but was found guilty.
Sally White, 28, rescued the terrified animal from a bleak hillside. he was abandoned without food and water and his ribs were poking through. vets feared he would not survive more than a few days. when she married surveyor mark white. 30, she wanted the horse to play a part in her wedding celebrations.
armadillo's are known for their armored shells which protect them in the wild against bears and wild cats. 54-year-old Larry McElroy fired his 9mm pistol at the animal on Sunday night. his mother-in-law, 74, suffered non-life-threatening injuries and was talking all the way to the hospital.
dino maglio, 35, was sentenced to six and a half years in prison on Tuesday. he raped a 16-year-old girl while staying at his home in padua, northern italy. he spiked a glass of Baileys liqueur the girl was drinking with a tranquilliser. maglio claimed sex with the girl was consensual but admitted he was ‘stupid’ to spike her drink.
the Ethical Maldives Alliance is encouraging tourists to boycott 'high risk' resorts linked to human rights abuses. hotels are coded as 'low risk,' 'high risk' or 'under consideration' depending on their ties to corruption.
supermarket alerted to a possible fault in packs of Little Angels 2 dummies. complainant said teat had detached from hard casing of one of the dummies. customers asked to either dispose of the products or return them to store. supermarket said no other Little Angels dummies had been affected.
the 29-year-old entered the 2005 Ultra-Trail du Mont-Blanc (UTMB) on a whim. she's since become Britain's most distinctive female ‘ultra runner’. her book is strong on Buddhist philosophy and the peace that comes with living fully in the now.
'I've got a driver — a 16-year-old driving around,' the first lady said during an appearance on Live! With Kelly and Michael broadcast from the white house on Monday. although Malia receives protection from the Secret Service, Mrs. Obama revealed that she does get to drive outside the White House grounds on her own.
the #ThisDoesn'tMeanYes movement aims to stamp out the myth that women are 'asking for it' because of their choice of dress. the campaign has produced over 2,000 photographs of 200 women in London accompanied by the logo #ThisDoesn'tMeanYes.
former NT politician has reportedly been detained at Darwin airport. he flew from the middle east with plans to join militants. the 43-year-old was allowed to leave the country because he was not on any watch list. he left behind his wife and three young sons, aged between three and 11.
pm will vow to encourage more job creation by extending national insurance breaks. he will hail the 'jobs miracle' that has seen 1,000 new jobs created every day. international monetary fund picks out the recovery as exemplary.
the new collagen-laced brew, created by Japanese liquor company Suntory, boasts a five per cent alcohol content level. it claims to have two grams of collagen per can. the beer is currently on available in Japan’s northern island of Hokkaido.
fishermen in china keep a special, thousand year old tradition alive with just a bird, a gas lamp and a net. they release a cormorant bird, which then dives into the water and retrieves a carp, returning it to the fisherman's reed raft. the stunning images were captured on the river. Li in Guilin, china, by a Russian photographer called Viktoriaa.
spring has finally sprung and it's time to get outside and take advantage of the warm weather and vivid colours. mailonline travel has compiled the most beautiful spring destinations for those looking to get in a unique getaway before the summer rush begins.
two-storey property in the exclusive park circus area of the city is on the market for £780,700. entrepreneur spent months renovating the two-storey property, which comes complete with three bedrooms. it is being marketed by estate agents corum for offers over £875,000, which means she will profit from at least £100,000 if it sells.
gold coast city council will finally be able to shut down illegal party houses in suburban areas after the state government approved new planning powers. there are more than 700 party houses across the city, which are often used for unruly weekend-long parties. police have often been called in after neighbours complained about noise and lewd behaviour at some of the houses.
more than 250 objects with estimated values of £500 to £30,000 will go under the hammer in the one-off, travel-themed auction at Christie's south Kensington. consignors are 11 professionally restored photos of Captain Scott’s fateful expedition to the south pole. items include a 34-star US flag with an estimated value of £10,000 to £15,000 from the civil war era.
every last piece of hunting memorabilia has been removed from public display. all 62 items – including an Indian tiger, a leopard, skins and tusks – have been placed in storage. even the blood-red walls have been painted white, as if to make clear the break with the past.
Mohamed Soltan, 27, sentenced to life in prison after being found guilty of plotting unrest against the military-backed government that overthrew former president Mohamed Morsi in 2013. his father, who was outspoken in support of the Muslim Brotherhood, was among the 14 detainees sentenced to death. the american-egyptian citizen has been on a hunger strike protesting his arrest and has done 'irreparable damage' to his body.
jaclyn Methuen, 30, and her husband Ryan Ranellone, 29, have been married for seven days. 'i am committed to making our marriage work,' the 29-year-old says.
five men found crammed in a refrigerated lorry on the A40 near Churcham, Gloucestershire. police sniffer dogs were used to find them after officers opened the back doors. it is thought the men boarded the truck in Belgium before crossing the channel. around 200 people were thought to have been living in a sports hall.
police have revealed that they believe missing toddler William Tyrell may be alive. the three-year-old was abducted by a paedophile ring on the mid-north coast of nsw. the focus of the investigation has shifted dramatically, and is now 'progressing rapidly'. this comes as the three-year-old's mother spoke out about the horrifying moment she realised her son had vanished.
unique event happened in an ancient cluster of stars at the edge of the Milky Way galaxy. when a star reaches its white dwarf stage, nearly all of the material from the star is packed inside a radius one hundredth that of the original star. gravity at the surface of a white dwarf is over ten thousand times higher than the gravity at the surface of the Sun.
every adult in the uk would be paid £72 a week under a pledge in the manifesto. but the party leader admitted her pledges could take decades to implement. she said another pledge – to dismantle the Armed Forces – was also a ‘long-term aspiration’.
around 650 foreign entrants, three times more than last year, joined in today's event under the constant watch of soldiers. the event opened its doors to non-local amateurs in 2014. last year will marks revealed how runners were banned from displaying country flags and western logos.
Johanna Johnson's Sirens' Call presentation brought the event to a close. make-up trends and accessories threatened to overshadow many of the designs. voluminous silhouettes appeared again and again at some of the star shows.
the total number of containers in the recall comes to 'approximately 30,000' only five batches of hummus are being recalled - and only the company's Classic Hummus. listeria concerns have led to thousands of containers being recalled.
sheila von Wiese-Mack, 62, was found dead in a hotel room in denpasar, bali, last month. her 19-year-old mother, Heather Mack, smiled and laughed as she cradled baby Stella in a holding cell at the denpasar district court. she has said that she hasn't murdered anybody and that she 'didn't murder my mother'
lamb bought from Asda in midlothian, scotland, claims it is from the uk. but a stamp on the meat says it is from the new zealand health inspector. 'home-grown' leg of lamb was actually flown halfway around the world. asda said the mistake was a one-off and it was the result of human error.
a 50-caliber machine gun, a sniper rifle and 17,000 rounds of ammunition were allegedly found inside a secret basement bunker in the home of two school bus drivers. police raided their home in Davison Township, Michigan, after concerns were raised by adult protective services. it is alleged that the husband and wife gained access to Mrs Nick's severely ill mother's bank account and were writing blank bank cheques to themselves. the couple are facing a combined total of 15 felony charges
only 43 per cent believe he should ascend to the throne compared with almost identical number saying he should stand aside in favour of his elder son. William and prince Harry are the most popular members of the royal family, closely followed by the queen and the duchess of cambridge.
Ashleigh Sokie was asked to wash one direction's Niall Horan's clothes in augusta. the 20-year-old tried on the singer's shirt and underwear for size herself. she then posted a picture of herself in the star's polo shirt on twitter. she also claimed to have taken his underwear as a trophy.
21 million acres of jungle will be torn down to make way for rubber plantations. demand is putting endangered gibbons, leopards and elephants at risk. tyre industry consumes 70 per cent of all natural rubber grown.
Nicola Sturgeon refused to rule out holding second referendum in next few years. two years ago, she said: 'we have always said it's a once in a generation thing' said she respected last year's result and would not call for plebiscite in manifesto. admission sparked howls of derision from audience as she was booed by audience.
convicted killer William Kerr, 53, disappeared from approved premises in Hull. he was released on licence in january after serving 17 years for murder. police say he must return to prison 'as a matter of urgency'
a third of australian women are not finding time for their hobbies and passions. more women have foregone personal interests for work commitments or to finance'more important' things than had men. clinical psychologist and Happiness Institute wellness expert Dr Paula Watkins says it's important to create space for the things we love to be happy.
the traveling photographer has clocked tens of thousands of miles in the last couple of years as he's journeyed across the country to take photographs. he traveled from California to Colorado, making his way through Arizona, Texas and New Mexico.
last year produced more than 1.5 million cars - the most since 2007. we are poised to overtake France and become the second biggest car manufacturing power in Europe. there are now literally thousands of businesses engaged in automotive innovation and supply.
mayor of Liverpool, 56, claimed £4,500 per year from school where he worked. he said he provided the school with 'kudos' for being linked to him. but when the school stopped payments in 2011, he tried to sue them. he said he was being punished for a 'philosophical belief' in public service.
co-pilot Andreas Lubitz had been treated for a psychiatric illness, it was revealed. the discovery sparked a debate over whether privacy laws should be less strict. it has been widely argued that Germany's privacy laws were to blame.
former Eurovision contestant died two days after getting on the election ballot paper. due to stand as an independent, he was 80 and had contested elections before. he won 29 votes in the Haltemprice and Howden by-election despite campaigning for a record score of 0.
some hospitals are charging up to a'shameful' £2,700 for one eye. campaigners accuse hospitals of profiting from elderly patients. treatment is being rationed in england to save money.
the study was conducted by scientists at Purdue University in Indiana. they were investigating how to reduce bird to aircraft collisions by keeping birds away from planes. research showed that birds responded most to blue lights on planes. birds were also more likely to get out of the way of planes when the lights were pulsing. and runways could be synced with taxiing aircraft, to help capture birds’ attention before an aircraft takes off.
Waheed Ahmed, 21, was held at Birmingham airport in the early hours of this morning. he was deported by the Turkish authorities and flown back to the uk last night. he and eight of his relatives - including four children - were stopped on the border with Syria on April 1.
fireman Stephen Hunt, 38, lost his life tackling the inferno at a hair salon. a 16-year-old girl has been charged with arson after she discarded a cigarette. judge said she was 'guilty only of being careless' and will not stand trial.
the campaign accuses the wool industry of barbaric treatment of their sheep. it shows vegan guitarist Jona Weinhofen holding a severed lamb. the lamb was a prop and made of foam. the Victorian Farming Federation launched an official complaint on Monday.
Lee Allan Bonneau, 6, died from blunt force trauma to the head in august 2013 following a savage attack on a reservation in Saskatchewan. a 10-year-old boy, identified in court documents as L.T., reportedly admitted to killing the 6-year-old after initially blaming a stranger for the slaying. a coroner's jury in Regina heard how the troubled 10-year-old ran to his friends after the attack telling them he had witnessed a murder
NBC News had previously reported that the 2012 kidnapping was carried out by forces associated with president bashar-al Assad. but he has now revealed it is likely the men that took him were in fact a sunni group who had tried to convince their victims they were Shiite militiamen. the group that kidnapped us put on an elaborate ruse to convince us they were Shiite shabiha militiamen.
Kai Windsor shuns traditional girls' toys in favour of kicking a ball around. by four he refused to wear dresses - and at six he wanted his hair cut short. by nine he had finally broken the truth to his mother Rachel, 37, telling her: 'i'm really a boy' now at the age of ten, Kai is set to undergo hormone treatment to stop him developing into a woman.
dietrich Evans, 22, charged with aggravated assault. victim was shot in the back of the head in a rush-hour traffic accident. she was able to pull over and call for help after being shot in the head.
the national radio astronomy observatory is objecting to proposals by iRobot to release a radio wave-guided lawnmower. it claims iRobot's machines will interfere with its sensitive radio telescopes which astronomers are using to pick up signs of alien life. the frequency band proposed for the lawnbot is 6240-6740 MHz - the same one several large radio telescopes operate on.
the glamorous collection, 'Sirens' Call', featured mirrored embellishments, fringing, and feathers. the hair and make-up appeared to be influenced by the great gatsby.
mother-of-two Hayley Sandiford has been told she must get rid of her dog. seven-stone dog has attacked several postmen in blackburn, Lancashire. miss Sandiford says royal mail are 'taunted all the time' by people in the area.
police say Lisa Skinner, 52, shot her estranged husband, 59, after he broke into the house she shared with her mother around 6 p.m. they say he was armed with both a pistol and a large knife. police say she opened fire with a shotgun, hitting him in the chest, causing life-threatening injuries.
15-month-old Budi spent first year of his life trapped in a chicken coup. he was introduced to jemmi less than a month ago and now the two apes appear to be inseparable. at one point jemmi nuzzles Budi's side and purses her lips, as if she is blowing him a kiss.
a video of a crocodile swimming through a marina has been viewed more than half a million times online. the video shows a large croc calmly moving through the marina in the tourist hotspot of Puerto Vallarta, in Mexico. a black dog wearing a red collar was lifeless in its mouth. new Zealander Tim weston was on holiday with his wife when he saw the alarming sight. social media users have reacted in horror to the video that
a new fatwa in turkey has decreed that Muslims are allowed to use toilet paper. the directorate of religious affairs for turkey stated that the use of the material for hygiene is acceptable but water was preferable. Islamic teachings traditionally state that followers should use water to clean themselves after going to the toilet.
measurements made by the european space probe Philae, which landed on comet 67P in November, show the comet's core isn't magnetised. some astrophysicists have suggested that magnetism might have been responsible for aligning and then binding together rocks. but in a paper published online by the journal science, the team led by Hans-Ulrich Auster said their data don't support this theory.
two 17-year-old boys detained at their homes in coventry, west Midlands. a 39-year-old man in coventry has also been held on suspicion of fundraising for the purpose of terrorism. all three are currently in custody in a west Midlands police station.
Thrun said it was often difficult to grasp concepts before they come to fruition. but he said that the same may soon be true for full personalities. other upcoming inventions predicted by Thrun include flying cars, computers that are implantable into the human body, and medical treatments that will curb unnatural deaths.
cate McGregor was surprised when she was unconditionally backed by cricket community and the Australian Army. it took less than an hour for the federal Liberal leader to call her after she forwarded the chapter of her book that outed her. 'i actually said to him "your party won't be thrilled about this",' she said. but the senior military official did not express the same kind of appraisal when it came to her long-time pal - a Catholic conservative who openly opposes same-sex
hafeez and Khalida Bhatti were abused by a middle-aged woman on a train in sydney on wednesday. the couple were in the city for just a day when they were abused. the woman has not been identified despite the video of the attack going viral.'she touched my wife's head, that is one issue that i will raise,' he said. 'that's what i will ask, police to charge
'transgender women in male prisons have an equal right to protection from violence and abuse in prison, and yet they continue to face horrific injustices,' according to a joint statement the musicians released Tuesday. last week, the us justice department said prison officials must treat an inmate’s gender identity condition just as they would treat any other medical or mental health condition.
the sum, will be divided among patients of Dr. Nikita Levy, a gynecologist who secretly filmed and photographed thousands of women during gynecological exams at a Hopkins-affiliated clinic. the attorneys had originally asked for a 35 percent settlement fee, however the ruling by a Baltimore judge means they will only receive 17.25 per cent.
the only child of Kim Kardashian and Kanye west wore a bright smile as she sat in her pram while her mother pushed them out of the airport. the family of three had arrived in Paris after Nori was baptised in Jerusalem and they had finished a tour of the old city.
people walking along somerton beach, southwest of Adelaide, found a fully-clothed man aged 45 lying on the shore on December 1, 1948. a post-mortem determined that the man had died of poisoning but police and coronial investigations were unable to identify the body. even a handwritten note found hidden in the pocket of a man's trousers did not provide any clues to the identity of the body. the Persian phrase 'ended' was scrawled on the scrap of paper and
the humongous attraction on Staten Island will be able to carry as many as 1,400 passengers at a time. a shopping mall and 200-room hotel are to be built next door. it will include mobile bar cars, a 20-seat restaurant, a 4-D ride on the ground and LED light show every night.
a blood sample can be mixed with microbeads that bind to cancerous cells. when placed in a clip on module that attaches to a smartphone camera, the microbeads alter the way the light is scattered by the sample. when clumped around a cell, the beads alter the way the light is scattered. they produce distinctive diffraction patterns in the image if clumped together. the results can be sent to a central computer for analysis in less than 45
former royal navy rescue pilot tracked down every aircraft he flew in 1970s. he was responsible for rescuing sailors during the fastnet yacht race. after travelling 23,000 miles, he found one of the choppers had been turned into a glamping unit - a popular style of camping for posh campers. the 59-year-old now designs aerial stunts for films.
Nyia Parler, 41, is in hospital for undisclosed reasons in Maryland. her 21-year-old son was found in a pile of wet leaves in a secluded woodland outside Philadelphia last friday. he had been left in the woods with nothing but a bible and a blanket. he was exposed to the rain and cold and to wild animals. police have now added attempted murder to the list of charges.
the box truck collided with a car on Interstate 93 southbound in the city's Dorchester neighborhood at about 6am. both drivers were taken to hospital with non-life-threatening injuries. replacement shuttle buses were run for southbound passengers with long queues forming.
the prime minister made the gaffe on a campaign visit to the westcountry. he quickly got into a muddle about the two methods of eating a cream tea. he risked the wrath of purists by claiming 'it all tastes the same'.
martin alvarado, 23, 'attacked his girlfriend's 18-month-old son after urinating on him during a diaper change last week' he 'confessioned to the attack on videotape' and was ordered to be held without bail.
Venessa Harris, 12, was diagnosed with a rare form of bone cancer on January 5. the aspiring model was diagnosed after a nasty fall which left her with pains in her leg. doctors dismissed it as growing pains but soon after discovered she had Ewing's sarcoma. her family spent christmas at their windorah home with a dark cloud hanging over their head.
liberty bake, 14, was walking to school when she was struck by driver. driver, 19, had been smoking cannabis the day before the crash. he was allegedly checking a text on his phone at the time of the crash. his mother, Maureen, 45, wanted to walk in front of a car at the scene. her husband said she had 'dark thoughts' about committing suicide. 'if it was not for our son, i honestly believe that Maureen would not be here now
deanna Rudison, 55, charged with two counts of aggravated battery. police say she was caught on surveillance video splashing bleach at an 18-year-old girl and her 15-year-old friend at quick stop gas station in new orleans.
the 16-year-old boy ordered deadly poison off the 'dark web' he was unaware his online requests were being tracked by covert counter-terrorism officers who feared he was planning an attack. but he claimed he was attempting to buy poison because he wanted to commit suicide and was sentenced to a 12 month referral order.
art media student Kelsey Higley, 22, created a video entitled 'Manipulation' which shows how her body might look if it were digitally altered. the video shows how different her frame might look if she had, for example, an hour-glass figure, or larger boobs. the student artist set her camera on a timer to take a photograph every seven seconds and posed as if she wanted to look like someone else.
micha Stunz, 45, has permanently enlarged his penis with silicone injections. it is now 9 inches long and weighs between 7.5 – 9.5lbs, he claims. he uses his satchel to cover up his groin area when he is in public.
a man called Alex posted a video on YouTube asking the programme a series of questions about gay marriage, where to find gay clubs and how to register a gay marriage in the uk. his iPad version of the apple personal assistant told him of swearing when he asked how he could register a gay marriage in the uk. the company has said the responses were down to a 'bug' which it has now fixed.
Ipsos Mori asked 100 candidates what they thought were the biggest issues. not one Labour candidate listed the government spending or the deficit. 5% of lib dems and 9% of the left-wing SNP mentioned the deficit.
the anantara is part of the palm project and is like nowhere else. it has three turquoise-blue 'lagoons' ideal for swimmers of all experience levels.
the prime minister said he saw his relationship with the London Mayor as 'co-opetition' but he said he now understood the pair were no longer in 'competition'. comes after he revealed he would stand down before 2020 if he wins re-election.
detective Ciara Campbell accused of prying on ex-partner and new partner. 'large number' of photographs of new partner were found on her iPad. court heard she also spied on PC Swarbrick's new girlfriend 50 times. the 43-year-old denies three counts of unlawfully obtaining personal data.
supermarket has published a list of tips on how its 314,000 workers can stay active in their jobs and not become couch potatoes. industry insiders say the initiative is part of a wider move to smarten up Tesco stores in the eyes of consumers.
angela Linton, 47, was banned from her son's school after abusing staff. she wrote a vile message directed at gay teacher in the child's pass book. she has been given a community order and fined £185 for harassment.
more than 100 vulnerable young women have been taught tailoring and silk printing through a charity called Key to Freedom. they are sold online and on the high street by topshop, with the proceeds paid back to the women as a salary. comes just months after he was mired in allegations that he had enjoyed an improper relationship with american ‘sex slave’ Virginia Roberts.
internet companies will have to reveal names, IP addresses and residential addresses of 4,726 people who illegally shared the film. iiNet's former chief regulatory officer, Steve Dalby, said the letter was not proof and it would be difficult for the film's studio to prove someone downloaded it. legal experts say even if you are hit with a legal threat there are several ways to defend the accusations.
dermatographia is a type of urticaria, or hives, where a raised, itchy rash appears on the skin at the slightest pressure. it is thought to be caused when the cells under the surface of the skin release histamines as part of an allergic reaction, causing the skin to swell. but instead of hiding her condition, she is using it as a teaching aid. her students are required to learn 100 drugs for their course. each day, she will
Tony Orrell, 56, from Feltham, Middlesex, weighed 38 stone at his heaviest. at his largest he would avoid sitting in certain chairs in fear of breaking them or being unable to get back up. he lost 21 stone and his wife Debbie, also 56, dropped 8 stone.
11 self-contained small satellites will be secondary payloads to the first test flight of the space launch system in 2018. the first is a Near-Earth Asteroid (NEA) Scout, using solar sail propulsion, will fly by a small asteroid, taking pictures and making observations. Lunar Flashlight will scout for locations on the lunar surface that are rich in resources that, once broken down into their component molecules, could be used in future exploration.
south yarra apartments set to go under the hammer later this month. listing agents claim the lavish apartments are worth between $1.3 million and $1.5 million. 'the block' producers are remaining tight lipped about the reserve prices. realtors have been running VIP showings since construction wrapped up to give genuine buyers a feel of the renovated homes.
obesity levels were the main factor pushing the UK down the health rankings. overall, the UK came 11th in the table of countries with the highest standards of prosperity, health and tolerance. despite national earnings, living standards are driven down by poor health and fitness.
check it is the only documented gang of gay and transgender youths in the u.s. the 'tight-knit' gang members, aged 14 to 22, are fighting to break the cycle of poverty and violence that they have grown up in. they have set up their own clothing label and are putting on fashion shows and working stints as runway models.
Michael Rapiejko was accused of approaching a man as he got out of his car in 2005, pointing a gun at him and threatening to shoot him. the plaintiff, Luis Colon, also claimed that Rapiejko choked him and ordered that he get back into his car. Rapiejko's defense team said that while their client did point a gun at the man and order him back into his car, the other claims were untrue.
woolworths launched 'Fresh in our Memories' last week. it invites australians to upload images to remember those who fought for their country. the supermarket has since been forced to halt the campaign. customers took to social media to vent their anger over the campaign.
a business called Edward’s Snow Den has appeared in the US President’s hq. it was listed as a snowboard shop, open between 5am and 11pm. several reviews appeared underneath the listing, including one which gave it a five star rating and described it as a ‘great source of classified information’.
the Merfin is a monofin made from recycled rubber that mimics the experience of swimming like a mermaid. the novelty swimming product has taken off around the world and can be used by kids and adults alike. designer Kazzie Mahina says the product can also help to tone abs and thighs.
binmen said the bag of Walkers prawn cocktail crisps fell foul of the rules. they said it fell foul even though it had been dropped there by a litterbug. enraged residents have branded waste collection squads as 'little Hitlers'.
the men, named locally as Michael Owen and Kyle Careford, were killed in the early hours of Sunday morning. the 21-year-old had just received news of a job offer and was preparing for his daughter's fifth birthday when he was killed. his grieving family have spoken of how loved he was and say they still can't accept he's gone.
identical twin ­appeared on this morning to tell how her sister was murdered. she says she didn't have to 'put up' with her ex-boyfriend's obsessive behaviour. but the 27-year-old is now warning others to not tolerate stalking behaviour.
jasmine dinjar has posted provocative images of her promoting the use of cannabis on social media. she has posed topless in underwear printed with marijuana leaves and fingernails painted with the cannabis sign. jasmine also lights up a pipe in one of the images and suggestively posies with a bong. the couple are partners in crime to push their cause to legalise marijuana.
president Barack Obama has held the fewest number of state dinners since Harry S. Truman, who left office 62 years ago. in his first six years, he held just seven and will hold at least two more this year: for the leaders of Japan, on April 28 and China, later in the year. a white house state dinner is the highest diplomatic honour the u.s. reserves for allies and other countries. it's also one of the most lavish affairs the government puts on.
two Muslim supporters rolled out their prayer mat at the foot of some stairs beneath the stand. one of the men explained that because the televised game didn’t kick off until 4pm, the final whistle would have blown too late for them to pray outside the ground. this may be the first time that a late kick-off for the convenience of television has played havoc with the call to prayer.
scientists suggest religious beliefs help people cope in inhospitable habitats. communities that believe in a high, controlling God tend to live in politically complex groups with a social hierarchy beyond the local community.
tennis star will marry long-term girlfriend at Dunblane cathedral next week. the 27-year-old has revealed he has left the majority of planning to his fiancee. he has said he 'couldn't care less' about the finer details of the day. but the self-confessed foodie will have some input for the wedding.
the actor, 44, allegedly set fire to a prospective 21-year-old pledge after viciously beating him and using a claw hammer to drag him by his genitals during a hazing ritual gone wrong. he was eventually charged with assault in connection with the sadistic November 1990 initiation, but he managed to get the charges dismissed before he began his ascent to superstardom.
the unnamed woman has been placed in an isolation ward at Canberra hospital. she is being treated in a single room under the hospital's Ebola protocol. health officials say it's most unlikely she has the deadly virus.
shelbie Brooke Richards, 21, of Pearl, was sentenced to eight years in prison on one count each of conspiracy to commit a hate crime and concealing the crime by lying to police. Sarah Adelia Graves, 22, of Crystal Springs, was sentenced to five years in prison for one count of conspiracy to commit a hate crime. both women were riding in a truck that fatally ran over 47-year-old James Craig Anderson in 2011.
katrina maddox, 23, gave birth in the back of an ambulance on the way to hospital. baby Edward was born on the same stretch of busy main road as his brother. surprised mother said: 'i can't believe it's happened twice!'
only 30 per cent of the population call themselves religious. this compared to 53 per cent who said they were not religious and 13 per cent who are 'convinced atheists' in contrast, 94 per cent of people in Thailand deem themselves religious.
a warrant has been issued for disgraced footballer Ben Cousins. the 36-year-old failed to appear in a court on traffic offences. he has been on bail and was due to face court on tuesday morning. his lawyer claimed the former west coast captain had conflicting medical appointments, and said he had a photograph of the document.
the Mindfulness for Travel series was developed for the launch of the airline's new airbus A380 service between London and San Francisco. it provides fliers with meditation techniques, as well as additional healthy flying tips. the airline consulted with mindfulness expert mark Coleman, also the founder of the Mindfulness Institute, to develop the recommended practices.
'the best place to be a woman in the world is in the. U.S. The best place to be black in the world is in the. U.S.,' she said. 'i cannot imagine what it is like to be a black man living in Saudi Arabia, in Iran - even where the majority of people are black,' she said.
male model, 22, recently appeared on channel 4's first dates show. he asked his date to split the bill with him rather than pick up the tab himself. action sparked a slew of furious responses on twitter. 'i couldn’t believe some of the reactions from people on twitter,' he said.
Sajid Javid declared some values prevalent in certain Asian communities were 'totally unacceptable in British society' comments come after inquiries into sexual abuse of girls targeted by Asian men in Rochdale, Rotherham and Oxford.
the 'New Born Baby Collection' released in time for the royal couple's arrival. includes boy's T-shirts and romper suits, plus smocked dresses and pink cardigans for girls.
democratic presidential candidate enjoyed some downtime with husband bill on Saturday afternoon, taking a stroll near their Chappaqua, new york, home. while her two 'Scooby' campaign vans got some TLC of their own at a local body shop, where they were also hand washed. the aspiring leader of the free world and her husband were spotted wearing blue ball caps bearing the Clinton Foundation logo. she'll hit the campaign trail again today in new Hampshire, where she'll hold a
experts claim prolonged sales can devalue products and encourage shoppers to delay buying an item until it is reduced. a third of all fashion purchases are now made in a sale or promotion.
manager of the Rex Cinema in Berkhamsted, hertfordshire, cancelled the baby matinees due to 'whingeing, bitching, snitching and the law' he announced the decision on the company's website.
three-year-old was killed by his mother after she beat him for being sick. she then left him to die in agony for three days before dumping body in woods. police launched massive manhunt to find body near Kirkcaldy, fife, last year. up to 25 council workers were alleged to have accessed confidential files. nine workers were subject to disciplinary action and subsequently dismissed.
a train headed from queens into Manhattan was stalled underneath the east river. its conductor saw smoke coming from the board along the track's third rail. more than 500 passengers were taken by a rescue train to grand central. service on the 7 train was suspended for just less than two hours.
the espresso machine is intended for astronaut Samantha Cristoforetti of Italy. it was supposed to arrive in January, shortly after her arrival, so she could get some relief from the station's instant coffee. but it ended up on the back burner after a station shipment from Virginia was lost in a launch explosion. it is the first coffee machine able to work in micro gravity on the ISS.
mark Allen Sanders was beaten with a paddle, dragged around a room by his genitals and had his pants set on fire. he suffered a fractured spine and nearly lost a kidney during the warped 1990 initiation at the university of Texas at Austin. after he graduated high school in 1988 he entered the university and pledged the Sigma Nu fraternity. that's when he met Jon Hamm, who was identified as a ringleader and arrested in 1993.
status quo, Katherine Jenkins and west end star Elaine Paige will perform. it is one of the highlights of a three-day commemoration of the end of the war. the 1940s-themed concert will take place on Saturday 9 and will be broadcast on bbc1.
a semi-trailer truck carrying 13.7 million bees overturned on a highway in western washington on friday morning. the driver, a 36-year-old man from Idaho, was not hurt. cameraman Damien Glitch was stung more than 20 times.
her Majesty was spotted riding her faithful black Fell pony, Carltonlima Emma. she was joined by Lord Vestey and her Head Groom Terry Pendry. the monarch is approaching her 89th birthday.
the resident experts on the popular reality show are back to take on some of the world's most shocking plastic surgery gone wrong. they spoke to Cosmopolitan.com about the 'jaw-dropping' cases they were faced with while filming the upcoming season of the show. they stressed that cosmetic procedures are 'as serious as brain surgery' and that there are so many terrible outcomes.
Melbourne-born, Paris-based designer Martin Grant will refresh uniforms worn by Qantas' domestic and international pilots. a key focus of the redesign will be the female uniform, with CEO Alan Joyce saying there are an increasing number of women joining the ranks of pilots. he also created new uniforms for cabin crew in 2013, modelled by Miranda Kerr.
cyclists swerve to avoid barriers at level crossing to avoid speeding train. policeman pulls up to stop more cyclists risking their safety. three more daredevils slip past him and onto level crossing. seconds later a speeding train rushes along the train tracks.
matilda Kahl, an art director at Saatchi & Saatchi, wears the exact same 'uniform' every single day because she wants to be judged on her work and her work only.
seven million episodes from seasons one to four illegally downloaded between February and April this year. top country for illegal downloads of show was Brazil, which accounted for almost one million of them. top five shows illegally downloaded during same period were The Walking Dead (5.7m), Breaking Bad (3.8m), Vikings (3.4m) and House of Cards (2.7m)
the front row at Mercedes-Benz Fashion Week Australia were given an eyeful in sheer dresses and pants by Marriam Seddiq. one model paraded in a see-through mesh dress that left little to the imagination. another wore a waistcoat open to reveal her chest and stomach.
a report released by the Charleston county sheriff's department on friday says deputies responded to a call about a fight between Scott and another man. when deputies told the two to break it up, the report states, Scott began shouting obscenities at the other man as well as a deputy before shoving the officer. news comes as another excessive force complaint, as well as a lawsuit, is filed against Michael Slager stemming from his time on the north Charleston police department.
couple in their 40s became unusual victims of age discrimination. HSBC rejected a £250,000 mortgage application because it deemed the husband too old. watchdog found bank'relied on untested assumptions, stereotypes or generalisations in respect of age' in the case. HSBC ordered to pay £500 to the couple for their 'distress and inconvenience' over the 'unfair application of its age policy'
one 61-year-old retired GP and the other 58-year-old radiographer. they would never be able to make rational decisions about how to deal with the 97-year-old widow's property, a judge said. the mother, who has dementia, lives in a care home in Stoke mandeville, Buckinghamshire. she owns a £600,000 house, savings and shares worth £100,000, and an income of £1,200 a month.
Django Greenblatt-Seay, 33, said he decided to make the video for the 2002 Ford Taurus, which he is selling for $3,000, because he thought it would help spike people's interest. perhaps the best effect of the ad is that it is soundtracked with an old-fashioned 1987 Ford Taurus commercial.
despite reports earlier this year that the pair were on the verge of a split, the pair presented a united front as they left a restaurant in Fulham. miss middleton, 31, walked hand-in-hand with her boyfriend of two years before leaning in for a brief kiss.
Jacob Hall invented the ruse that the tooth fairy lived thousands of kilometres away down under for his son, Evan, when he was late paying up the last time around. father-of-three Jeff Pyrotek, from Seymour in Victoria, answered his call for help and uploaded his finished product on SoundCloud. he said his son was 'totally overjoyed' with the message.
sister Gertrud Tiefenbacher's hands had been tied with a typewriter cord. a towel was placed over her face, causing her to suffocate, say local police. her body was found by other nuns at the Sacred Heart missionary. police are waiting for results of forensic tests to confirm that she was sexually assaulted.
around 30 people witnessed the unprovoked attack at Kristiansand zoo. five-year-old giraffe died in front of shocked families at the zoo. eland antelope is the second largest antelope in the world.
the 49-year-old woman showed a staggering response to a new treatment. doctors at the hospital have hailed her recovery as 'one of the most astonishing responses' they combined a standard drug, ipilimumab, with another, nivolumab. they hope the new therapy could save thousands of lives in future.
best-selling author hit out at the Mamamia website after it published her photograph. published story about orthorexia nervosa – a condition defined by an obsession for eating ‘healthily’. her face was plastered on the article alongside controversial wellness blogger Belle Gibson and Paleo diet preacher Pete Evans.
Xana Doyle, 19, was a passenger in the stolen car which flipped and landed on its roof. driver Sakhawat Ali, 23, was more than twice the drink-drive limit. he had been taking class A and B drugs before getting behind the wheel. he admitted causing death by dangerous driving and aggravated vehicle taking.
officials said documents suggest methyl bromide may have been improperly applied in various locations in Puerto Rico. methyl bromide was banned for residential use in 1984, primarily for health concerns. two teenage boys went into comas after being exposed at the Sirenusa condominium resort in Cruz Bay, St. John.
it's time to ditch vitamin pills for a diet rich in clean, fresh and unprocessed foods, says nutritionist and author Sarah Flower. 'the cleaner your diet - using fresh ingredients and cooking at home - the less likely you are to need to rely on supplements to boost your health'
mother-of-three was crippled after she leapt 40 feet off a quarry in 2012. she was not expected to survive and her family were warned she would lose her legs. but after learning a teenage boy drowned in the same quarry on friday, she is campaigning to have the area closed off to the public.
mitya the bear was found abandoned outside a circus in Vladivostok, east Russia. he was taken to sadgorod zoo where he is one of many cubs rescued. also at the zoo are two one-month-old twins who were found all alone.
companies Tittygram and Titisign have popped up in the country. both offer a similar service, asking people to send messages in. a model writes the message on her breasts and then takes a snap.
the hot pursuit star's lawyer said friday that the 42-year-old actress has no intention of destroying the frozen embryos she created with ex-fiancee Nick Loeb. however, she's not planning on using them either as she has moved on with her life. 'the claims made against Sofia Vergara by Nick Loeb are uncredible and hold no merit,' said the lawyer.
Iain Mackay, 40, bled to death after kicking a mirror in a pool bar in thailand. his girlfriend, Nilobon Patty, 35, has denied any involvement in the incident. she claims she was out with friends when an 'obviously drunk' man appeared.
passengers on flight from Las Vegas to Gatwick endured 33-hour delays. flight VS44 was due to leave at 4.30pm local time on Easter Monday. but a series of delays meant the 403 passengers did not get away. some passengers were forced to an unscheduled check-in at the hotel.
freedman, 49, is exhibiting his'skills' on stage in a one-man pickpocket show. he even takes off someone's tie without them realising. he has been giving pickpocket demonstrations to teach people how not to become victims of street crime.
police are hunting for a man who walked into a house in los angeles on Sunday night and shot a sleeping eight-year-old boy in the head. the suspect, described as Hispanic, medium build and wearing a grey hoodie at the time, apparently had no motive for staging the attack. according to the victim's father, the attacker walked in through an unlocked front door around midnight and proceeded to fire shots after a heated conversation. the father ran into the boy
eight-year-old from vernal, utah, was just seven-years-old when a truck ran over her foot and immediately severed it. she had to have her right leg amputated below the knee. 'i don't have part of my leg, but i can't let that stop me. I still want to dance,' she said.
the female, named Varvara, swam 14,000 miles (22,500km) from the east coast of Russia to breeding grounds off the coast of Mexico, and back. her return journey across the North Pacific raises questions about the critically endangered creature’s conservation status. researchers used satellite-monitoring tags to track three Western North Pacific gray whales from their primary feeding ground off Russia’s Sakhalin Island. they found that Varvara visited the three major breeding areas for Eastern gray whales, which are found off
halal certification is a 'profit, money-making racket', says one nation leader. she also says the public are being 'hoodwinked' over the issue. comments came after protesters clashed with anti-racist activists.
a Jakarta court is due to decide whether the pair’s lawyers can challenge Indonesian President Joko Widodo’s decision to deny the two Australians clemency. the unusual appeal in the state administrative court is likely the pair's last legal avenue to save them from the firing squad. the pair are currently awaiting execution on the death island of Nusakambangan with seven other prisoners.
Scott Kelley, now 50, and stepdaughter Mary Nunes, now 19, gave surrendered at the U.S. embassy on Monday and were flown back to Hartsfield-Jackson Atlanta airport. the pair fled in 2004 along with Genevieve Kelley, Mary's mother, during a custody dispute with mark nunes. Genevieve, now 50, handed herself in last November, but refused to give up the location of her husband and daughter, who had not been seen for a decade
jade Ruthven was lambasted on her social media account last week. friends wrote her a scathing letter demanding she stop sharing. social media expert says people need to be more aware of their ramblings.
Chloe Owens, 27, from Swanley, came up with the idea for the app when she was pregnant with daughter Lola, now three months old. like most first-time mums, she had no idea what to expect when they brought their first child home from hospital. she admits she struggled to remember which boob she had used last when breastfeeding so included a breast-tracking feature.
Hollie Tillbrook, 17, collapsed while out with her boyfriend in basildon. doctors believe her potassium levels had plummeted to a dangerous level. but two officers, believed to be from the met police, rushed to her side. they gave her life-saving CPR until an ambulance arrived. she was put into an induced coma but made an unexpected recovery.
federal law enforcement officials say a right wing group has published the names, numbers and addresses of senior and former officials with several government agencies. along with a paranoid message proclaiming the officials to be 'nWO stooges,' the group released the info of employees of the CIA, FBI and DHS on the site Pastebin.com, which allows anonymous posts. the post claims to reveal the information of FBI Director James Comey and DHS Director Charles Johnson, in addition to previous directors.
lib dem leader blames protesters who deserted party after entering coalition. he said it was 'inevitable' support would fall in 'anti-conservative' parts of the country. public sector workers left because their pensions were hit and some faced job cuts, he said.
police found 'human remains' on a farm on the outskirts of Milngavie. a 21-year-old man has been arrested in connection with miss Buckley's death. the nurse's handbag was found in a park in the city last night. police cordoned off land to the north of the city, near high Craigton farm.
David Bulman, 55, and his wife Lubova had a row after he criticised her for not doing the chores or checking to see if his shirt buttons were missing. his wife threw all his shirts outside, but he followed her and shouted at her. he then pulled her hair and punched her several times in the face. he was given a 12-month community order after pleading guilty to assault occasioning actual bodily harm.
the Viva Las Vegas Rockabilly Weekend is a flashback to classic cars, vintage pinups, Tiki drinks, tattoos and a fashion aesthetic. around 20,000 fans of the era gathered over the weekend for musical performances and car show off the strip at the Orleans Hotel and Casino.
a year after the #bringbackourgirls campaign, more than 200 of these girls remain in captivity. children as young as four are being used within the ranks of Boko Haram – as cooks, porters and look-outs. others are trained to fight, forced to be suicide bombers or sold as sex slaves.
Israeli researchers say system is accurate, cheap and allows patients to be monitored without using invasive procedures. breath samples were taken from 484 people, including 99 already diagnosed with stomach cancer.
Pierre Collins was arrested on suspicion of second-degree murder in the death of 10-year-old barway Collins. the boy's father, 33-year-old Pierre Collins, was placed in the back of a squad car in handcuffs and taken away from his apartment complex in crystal. his wife, Yamah, was later escorted to an unmarked police vehicle and also driven away. a timeline for charging will be determined by the Hennepin county attorney's office.
a new reddit thread asking users to submit the most horrendous baby names they have ever come across has attracted more than 18,000 comments in just 24 hours. FEMAIL has compiled the worst examples, including the names 'Orgasm' submitted by the daughter of a labor and delivery nurse.
an official at the international monetary fund reportedly admitted that he cannot envisage a successful conclusion to the country’s bailout. Greece this week repeated threats to stop paying off its loan and default on its debt if Europe refuses to release more funds.
the couple touched down in Brisbane, australia, on Tuesday morning local time. they were both wearing their wedding bands, although missing from Amber's ring finger was the huge sparkler Johnny gave her on their engagement. the sighting comes just hours after people.com claimed they were 'leading separate lives' because they hadn't been photographed together in public since their February 3 nuptials.
'there was a bit of a thing back here when she came in,' explained a cashier at Kristin's Bistro & Bakery in Keene, new hampshire. 'you may not agree with her. Okay. but you should respect the office she's shooting for,' a co-worker offered while looking furtively to see who was listening. 'I'm going to take her home,' said an infant girl named Molly who coo
jaclyn Pfeiffer, 29, worked at the Aloma Methodist Early Childhood Learning Center in Orange County full-time for the last 18 months. her partner, Kelly Bardier, 33, took a job in another part of the school as a substitute teacher. the director, Barbara Twachtman, heard rumors about the two and asked Pfeiffer if she was seeing Bardier. bardier said she was given the option to 'change her lifestyle' to keep
encephalitis is inflammation of the brain and affects around 4,000 people a year. 17-year-old appeared fit and well days before coming home ill with flu. her condition has worsened, leaving her unable to move her limbs. her family are trying to teach her to walk and talk again.
ex-pm said the SNP would use any power they wield in Westminster. he mocked ms Sturgeon over her demand to play a role in propping up a labour government, when she is 'not even bothering' to stand as an MP herself. he warned of'mayhem' if the party holds the balance of power.
macca's wedding party picture shows his daughters Stella and Mary looking glum. the pair were said to have been less than overjoyed by their father's choice of partner. astonishingly, the image is the first to emerge of the former beatle and her bride.
little Chloe Valentine, 4, died of massive head injuries after being forced to ride a motorbike that repeatedly crashed over a three-day period in the backyard of her Adelaide home in 2012. her mother, Ashlee Polkinghorne, and her then partner are in jail after pleading guilty to Chloe's manslaughter through criminal neglect. in an emotional statement outside the Adelaide inquest on Thursday, Chloe's grandmother welcomed coroner mark Johns' ruling that Familie
martyn Uzzell, 51, died instantly after he was thrown into path of a car. just a month before tragedy, council sent workers to inspect the hole. but it was decided immediate repairs were not necessary. his widow has now won a six-figure payout from the council.
yob stole a phone from a man who died in the street in south tyne and wear. the 19-year-old rifled through his victim's pockets and stole the phone. he was due to be sentenced for the theft, but skipped bail. he was re-bailed after failing to turn up to a previous court hearing.
lib dem leader boarded his bright yellow 'fun bus' for bizarre photo opportunities. he is touring the country in a bright yellow election battlebus fitted out with a radio studio. on the first day of the election campaign, he rushed from meeting with the queen at Buckingham palace to a wildlife sanctuary in Solihull. he was introduced to a hedgehog with a head injury which means he keeps walking round in circles.
a landmark report claims to have established which diets are most likely to work. only a few have shown users lose more weight than those not using them. others produce no better results than people dieting on their own. but a handful - including Weight Watchers, the Atkins diet, Jenny Craig and NutriSystem - do appear to be effective, according to long-term studies.
a spring storm that had doused Northern California for the previous 24 hours arrived in Southern California on Tuesday night. the storm brought mostly light but necessary rainfall across a region that has been experiencing extreme drought conditions. Thousands were without power for several hours because of the storm, and the Los Angeles Dodgers had a rare rain delay on the second day of the season.
the crash occurred about 8am Wednesday in Lewiston, Idaho, at a drop called Bryden Canyon. the driver of the truck involved, mathew sitko, 23, drove through a yard and over two terraces before getting snared in a chain-link fence. the fence is the only reason the car vehicle did not topple over into the canyon with Sitko still behind the wheel. the mystery man, a passer-by, grabbed a nearby rock and
swarm of robot spiderbots can be controlled with a flick of the wrist. lights on the robots change shape, and control their movement from the bans. powered by tiny computer the size of a button developed by Intel.
a flurry of bets have propelled her to the top spot for the now-vacant role. she is ahead of former X-factor presenter dermot O'Leary and model Jodie Kidd.
former tory leader set out powerful moral case for party's policies. they have reduced welfare dependency and got two million more into work. 'they are reinventing the politics of envy. it's alive and well,' he said. hailed'staggering' increase in employment, now at record high.
the 34-year-old star of the only way is Essex has expanded her range of plus-size clothing for Evans with seven new curve-flattering garments. new additions include brightly coloured swing tops and blouses, as well as a pair of floral fringed kimonos.
lipscomb police chief was trying to arrest mayor when fight broke out. mayor Lance McDade is currently in jail for resisting arrest and assaulting a police officer. city hall was shut down for the rest of the day and crews were changing the locks on the building.
238m passengers passed through uk airports in 2014, just three million less than the pre-recession boom peak of 241m in 2007. most passengers (144m) fly to Europe which enjoyed a 5.4 per cent rise year on year in visitors from the uk. the united arab emirates also ranks in the top 10 countries British flyers most travel to.
one in four Britons will be from black or minority groups by 2051. sudden rise will be due to a baby boom among ethnic minorities. campaigners fear this will put pressure on housing, schools and the NHS.
eighth grader Sophie Thomas wore a shirt with the word 'feminist' on it. she was having her picture taken at her middle school in batavia, ohio. when the students got their class photos this week, she saw the word had been removed from her shirt with Photoshop. school principal said the word was removed to 'prevent any unintended controversies'
five teenagers arrested in pre-dawn raids in relation to alleged terror plot. two teenagers remain in custody following raids in Melbourne's south-east. police were tipped off about an imminent attack on Anzac Day ceremonies. prime minister urged people to continue with their plans to attend centenary commemorations.
Violet, Countess of Grantham may be coming back in new american show. made by NBC, the show will be set among high society families of new york. there may also be a place for Robert, the Earl of Grantham, and his wife.
form was purchased at an ephemera show - where collectibles are sold. it asks 'are you of the white race or of a colored race?' it also asks 'do you believe in white supremacy?' and 'are you a gentile or jew?'
the 40-year-old actor bought the 104-acre blackadore caye off the coast of Belize in 2005 for $1.75 million. he recently teamed up with the chief executive of new york development firm delos to create the eco-conscious resort. it will include sprawling villas on a platform over the water, as well as artificial reefs with 'fish shelters' and other features.
Rachel Lynn Lehnardt, 35, from Evans, Georgia, was spotted outside her house wearing a hooded jacket and workout clothes just days after being arrested. she has been charged with two counts of contributing to the delinquency of a minor and is out on bail. the mother-of-five allegedly threw a drunken party with her teenage daughter and daughter's friends and then had sex with an 18-year-old male in the bathroom.
the former member of the Ukrainian parliament was found dead in his home. the interior ministry said he had died of gunshot wounds. it did not say whether it was believed to be homicide or suicide.
the maglev train completed a test run on a track in Yamanashi. it beat the previous record of 361mph (580km/h) set in 2003. another attempt is scheduled for tomorrow, and engineers predict it could reach 373mph (600km/h)
the most popular wedding destination in the country is the council area of Dumfries and Galloway. Argyll and Bute is the second most popular area for weddings in the country. southwest england was a close second with 5.40 per 1,000 marriages.
jihadis stormed the Yarmouk camp in south damascus last week. they posted gruesome images showing the severed heads of two alleged members of Aknaf Beit al-Maqdis online. jihadis have declared Israel its sworn enemy - but its presence has been to defend the camp's 18,000 residents from a crippling two year siege carried out by the Assad regime.
the meeting would aim to negotiate possible concessions addressing competition concerns created by the combined company. there are also concerns the merged company and would have unfair leverage against TV channel owners and businesses offering online video programming.
the best way to cook the perfect steak is to season before or after. oil the pan or the meat? and what are the best cuts?
83% of women in australia rate themselves as average looking. around the world just 4% say they consider themselves beautiful. a staggering 96% of women describe themselves as average.
officers found boxes containing frozen carcasses of dozens of dogs at snack bar. canines appeared to have been killed with blows to the head, police said. they were used for fillings of 'pastels', a traditional Brazilian stuffed pastry. owner Chinese Van Ruilonc admitted to making the snacks from dog meat.
Billy Mitchell, seven, was born with apert syndrome, a rare genetic condition. it causes malformations of the skull, face, hands and feet. he endured a series of major operations to correct the deformities. he also had a titanium frame drilled into his head, which was left there for nine weeks.
detectives have asked to put some'sensitive' questions to his son who runs the business. robbers almost certainly had some inside information, he said. robbers appeared to know several CCTV cameras were not working.
'loneliness maps' are being used to tackle the problem of elderly being left alone by working out which areas' residents are most at risk. being socially isolated can lead to health problems such as dementia and high blood pressure. campaigners say local councils should draw up maps of places where pensioners and others are most likely to suffer from social isolation.
the 47-year-old man from warwick, 150km south-west of Brisbane, has been accused of sexually abusing 28 children from three states. police allege the man used a range of social media sites to prey on children under the age of 16 and in some cases arranged meetings so he could physically abuse them. he is accused of offering his victims money or using extortion to force the children to send him indecent images.
minister for social services has announced the end to religious exemption on children’s vaccinations. parents will no longer be able to access childcare benefits by signing a form that says they object to immunisation based on 'personal, philosophical or religious' reasons. parents who refuse to immunise their children are set to lose up to $15,000 a year for every child when the changes come into force from January 1, 2016.
38-year-old Liana Barrientos pleaded not guilty on friday based on charges that she married 10 men over 11 years and charged a fee for her'services' the judge told her to stay out of trouble but that she allegedly used an emergency exit door at a Bronx subway station instead of paying for a metro card. she was granted the new charge of theft of service, and was released without any bail being set. this is shortly after she pleaded not guilty to marry
former animal shelter worker Catherine Lynn Smith, 50, was arrested on Tuesday after the bodies of 10 dogs and three cats were found decaying in her home. the home had been auctioned off to a new owner, but she continued to live at the house. police had to completely air out the home due to the stench of ammonia and proceed inside to find the decaying bodies of nine more dogs and three cats.
a judicial committee found Alpha Delta responsible for causing harm to pledges and violating terms of a suspension for alcohol violations. the fraternity has until next Monday to appeal the decision.
planes coming from south-east Asian countries are being routinely fumigated. the blood suckers were discovered in the international baggage terminal on February 17, March 30 and again on March 31. authorities said if the troublesome mosquitoes hadn't been detected they could have become a serious threat to the health of those living around the airport.
Waheed Ahmed, 21, is said to be a member of extremist group Hizb ut-Tahrir. he was arrested by Turkish police at the border town of Reyhanli last week. he was one of nine detained, all from Rochdale, including four children.
the woman, who has not been named, was in a taxi which was stuck in traffic. three thieves are said to have ‘appeared from nowhere’ and smashed a window. the heist took place in the Landy tunnel, which is notorious for smash-and-grabs. included numerous valuable items including a single ring worth close to £1million.
italian musician Andrea Furlan was filmed standing in front of a river in Stratford. he holds a ‘butterfly landscape’ designed instrument to his mouth and plays a tune. unsuspecting herd of cows graze in the background while he serenades them.
the minister for communications is set to feature on the front cover of the high profile magazine, which hits newsstands on Monday 20 April. in an eight page interview, the minister confirmed rumours that he had planned to run for Prime Minister if Tony Abbott had been successfully toppled in February's leadership spill. 'people would have been astonished if I hadn't,' he said.
Ronald and Miriam Pearson met at an evening dance while he was serving in the RAF police and she the Auxiliary Territorial Service. they married in 1943 and settled in Broughton near Chester to raise their 'adored' family. after almost 72 years together, Mrs Pearson, 95, died last month. her husband followed two days later aged 94.
bride-to-be was due to marry her partner of five years, Aaron Leeson-Woolley, in front of 120 guests in a small town in new south wales this weekend. but she vanished on Easter Sunday while excitedly making final preparations for the wedding. family and friends flew in from around the world to be at her big day, but now face the devastating task of planning her funeral. police have charged a 24-year-old cleaner with her murder despite not having found her body
labour leader declines several chances to say his deputy would get the second most powerful job if he gets to number 10. snub comes just three days after miss Harman made clear that she intended to take the role were labour to make it back into power.
nationwide building society is giving anyone up to 70 chance to take out 35-year loan. comes as pension reforms give over-55s access to billions from today. banks have been reluctant to allow borrowing beyond retirement. but other lenders are considering raising their age limits too.
student says she turned to sex work after her student loan failed to cover her rent. the university student says she was left with no other choice than to turn to prostitution. she says that her family are not well off and cannot afford to help her much.
grandparents Patrick and Marianne Charles, 78 and 74, were without heating. they sat down in conservatory with a glass of wine each and fired up barbecue. within minutes couple were unconscious after choking on fumes, inquest heard. maintenance work by UK Power Networks caused power cut, inquest told.
the 6-foot-5 and 289lb defensive tackle recorded more than 20 sacks and forced four fumbles for the Houston Texans last season. on monday he released a video that shows him making an incredible 61-inch box standing box jump. the video appears to be a stunt for Reebok, which announced on Monday that they had signed the 26-year-old to a shoe endorsement deal.
ukip leader risked alienating those watching at central hall in london. he protested they were'remarkable audience even by left-wing standards' outburst came less than half an hour into event after comments were greeted with mutters from those watching.
'fat' is just another word - and using it doesn't have to be an insult.'short', because she is 5'3'', and 'wife', because she is married, are just honest descriptions of what she is.
Perth Glory fined $269,000 and relegated to seventh spot on the table. club breached the salary cap over the previous three years. fans set off a series of flares, unimpressed by attempts by officials to placate them.
the nut has been dubbed ‘the Devil’s nut’, pinpointed as the chief culprit in an eco-disaster that is developing in California. domestic water consumption is dwarfed by that of agriculture.
error was spotted during a training course in Hamble near Southampton. two officers decided to continue wearing tops with the mistake on the left sleeve. chairman of the Hampshire Police Federation burst out laughing when he saw the uniform and posted a photograph of it online.
more than one million people have already booked their slots to see the 14 foot-long linen between now and June 24. the shroud has been dated to the end of the 13th century, lending support to those who say it is a medieval forgery. researchers have been unable to establish exactly how the image was created.
'nothing is ever going to make those who were injured whole and it's been a terrible thing but this is a step toward justice,' she said.'my heart goes out to the families here but i don't support the death penalty. he should spend his life in jail - no possibility of parole'
men, women and children on flight from Kansas City to Denver rerouted. 6am flight took just an hour and a half to get to unscheduled stop at Colorado Springs. but it took another six hours before everyone was ordered off anyway. passengers told that if they got off, they would have to make their own way.
diner, 38, convicted of fraud at crown and thistle pub near Carlisle. she was eating dinner with the girl and a man when she planted the hairs. but she did not have enough money to pay for the £21 dinner.
migrant workers producing vegetables exported to the uk say they are denied basic hygiene facilities while working. they are forced to use bushes near where the vegetables are being grown as toilets. some live in filthy shacks made of wood and plastic sheeting near the fields in southern Spain.
the family had left a waterfront restaurant when their sedan ran off the road alongside a working dock at the port of los angeles, landing upside down in about 30 feet of water. the boy's parents swam to the surface, but the children were stuck in vehicle. they weren't breathing when rescuers brought them up. the eight-year-old boy died at the hospital several hours later.
the board voted last week to send a bill for $76,000 to the four-term congressman who resigned last month amid an expenses scandal. the letter seeks a check or a promise from Schock that he will pay for this summer's special and general election costs. county officials estimate each will run about $38,000.
a 14-foot johnboat carrying Tate Ricks and a family friend was hit by a wake around 5.30pm on saturday. the boy was not wearing a life jacket and the wake sent them into the river. putnam county sheriff's office said he immediately went under water and the unidentified man with him attempted to save him but could not. officials are using sonar and thermal imaging in the water and on the coastline in efforts to rescue the boy.
the former head of general electric insisted that it's time to cut out expensive and needless middle management. he warned that this increase in middle management is driving up the cost of higher education.
the 67-year-old is set to announce her presidential campaign on social media. former secretary of state screams in a dictatorial manner: 'citizens, you will elect me. I will be your leader' comedians on the NBC show latched onto a memo that was made public on Saturday, saying her campaign will be humble.
leah Rogers and Ryan Flanaghan were selling a range of toys at a boot sale. they spotted the purple teddy at another seller's stall in Bude, Cornwall. the bear turned out to be one of just 100 made around the world. the pair are now hoping to sell the bear on the auction site and put the money towards a deposit for a house.
pending bill would make it illegal for welfare recipients to spend their government-supplied stipends at strip clubs and tattoo shops. swimming pools, jewelry and lingerie stores, psychics, movie theatres, nail salons, massage parlors, bars and theme parks will also be forbidden territory for the first time. liberal lawmakers complained that some welfare recipients use their debit cards to get funds for rent payments.
a firm linked to the sale of NHS patient data is offering details of eating disorder sufferers for just 12p a head. it has also offered to supply names of those suffering from stress, hair loss, dandruff, impotence and snoring. even details of dieters and those who have had plastic surgery appear on the list of data for sale.
some of these lofty perches require a head for heights as some are extreme enough to make even the heartiest tourists a little queasy.
Raymond Charles Laing has spent the past three years behind bars. he was busted more than three times over the legal limit behind the wheel. he has been convicted 26 times for drink-driving, and a further 31 times for driving while disqualified.
Shannah Kennedy and Lyndall Mitchell are teaching their Masterclass of Wellness: the boardroom retreat to CEOs and executives across the country. skills such as dealing with stress, being aware of trains of thought, and accumulative mindfulness are being taught. the workshop is a way for executives and their staff to learn a set of skills that will help them every day.
the bodies of three women and two women were discovered in a northern suburb of Phoenix, a single gun was found at the scene. police believe 50-year-old Driss Diaeddinn shot his brothers, 38-year-old Reda Diaeddinn and 56-year-old Dodi Fayed, and their mother, 76-year-old Kenza Benzakour. he then shot dead his sister-in-law, 26-year-old Meriem Ben Yah
'you ask a question, and you say, "Have your views changed?" instead of editorializing and saying my views have changed,' he said. a spokesman for american bridge 21st century, a liberal opposition-research group, leaped on Paul after the broadcast. 'he's got miles to go before his ability catches up to his ambition,' a spokesman for american bridge 21st century said.
Greek-born economist, 62, was convicted of perverting the course of justice. spent two months at her Majesty's pleasure after taking speeding fines. now enjoying the company of former MP and convicted fraudster denis macShane. admits she would miss her children when work commitments came calling.
the 17,000-square-foot mansion in the mountains of Vail, Colorado, was built in 2008. it took two years, a team of engineers and $1 million to build the 1.5-mile driveway from the roadway to its front door. the home is known as 'Il Podere' - meaning 'family homestead' in the Tuscan region.
16-year-old Taylor Alesana of Fallbrook, California took her own life on April 2 after being bullied because she was transgender. the young woman had a popular YouTube channel in which she discussed her struggles and the bullying she faced. 'with few adults to turn to, and with no support from her school, her life became too difficult,' the North County LGBTQ Resource Center said. 'taylor was a beautiful and courageous girl, and all she wanted was acceptance,' said the
documents reveal shocking details of the case that saw a couple return to australia with a baby girl while leaving her twin brother behind. the couple travelled to india in late 2012 and seeked citizenship for a baby girl but told consulate staff they would be leaving her twin brother behind. there were also fears last year that the boy may have been sold.
13-year-old from hudson, texas, wanted to send a message to her astronaut father. her father is a keen photographer and likes to take pictures of the earth. she enlisted the help of car manufacturer Hyundai to make the earth drawing. it has now broken a world record for its size.
more than 70 animals have been seized from a filthy mobile home belonging to an animal hoarder. police raided the house of John Koepke, in Wittmann, Arizona and found 54 dogs and 18 cats living in disgusting conditions. one of the cats was found nursing a set of three young Chihuahua puppies in a box.
mother-of-two Louisa Steckenreuter, 35, was diagnosed with osteosarcoma, a rare form of cancer last year. the mother-of-two has undergone eight rounds of intravenous chemotherapy, which while it helped also made her very unwell. to have a chance at accessing potentially life-saving treatment the woman from Dulwich Hill needs to raise $100,000.
Cuban bikini babe Kathy Ferreiro, 21, has been dubbed the 'Cuban Kim Kardashian' by the fashion crowd. she is a'mamasota', meaning 'hot' or'sexy' in Spanish and is as fond of belfies and selfies as her idol. her Instagram account 'Kathyzworld' is awash with photos of her working out in the gym and posing next to expensive cars.
Shah Jahah Khan, 62, and Ibrahim Anderson, 38, both deny one charge of inviting support for a banned organisation. the pair are accused of setting up a stall on the busy shopping street. they are also accused of handing out leaflets inviting shoppers to join ISIS. court heard that the charge relates to an offence on august 9 last year.
Michael Easy, 29, from Southampton, sparked a police manhunt after going on the run. while on the run, he posted photographs of himself in platinum wig and sunglasses. image showed him pressing his finger to his lips - taunting police as they had failed to track him down. but he went on the run again in December last year upon his release. he is now facing four months in jail after breaching a restraining order.
mailman landed his gyro-copter on the west lawn of the capitol building in front of astonished tourists and office workers on wednesday afternoon. he claims he informed the secret service and capitol police of his potentially lethal stunt into the no-fly zone. 'i don't believe that the authorities are going to shoot down a 61-year-old mailman in a flying bicycle,' said Hughes.
long time restaurant critic and festival curator leo Schofield, 79, claimed living in Tasmania was the unhappiest time of his life. 'i think I came very close to either a nervous breakdown or suicide. I just started to fall apart,' he said. he moved to hobart to set up a baroque music festival, but decided to relocate back to new south wales after the government cut the festivals funding by 25 per cent.
the former Obama administration official endorsed gay marriage in 2013 after she left the State Department. in a terse interview with NPR last year in which she declined to go into detail about her views on the topic, she repeated that position. her shift in position comes just before the presentation later this month of oral arguments in several cases before the Supreme Court on the matter.
a chunk of ice fell from a plan smashing through the windshield of his Dodge challenger worth $30,000 parked at his Taylorsville, utah home on march 25. the hole in his windshield is about 12.5 inches in length and the size of the piece of ice that went through was the size of a cinder block. the hole in his windshield is about 12.5 inches in length and the size of the piece of ice that went through was the size of a cinder block
italian astronaut Samantha Cristoforetti wore the uniform on Friday. Together with Nasa astronaut Terry Virts she captured the spacecraft. on board it had 4,000lbs of supplies - including a coffee machine. it will remain at the ISS for a month before returning to Earth.
the eight-year-old girl who died in a horrific accident has been identified as a nine-year-old boy. she was in the car with her mother, Chantelle Boddy, and two brothers when it is believed their Holden Astra aqua-planed, spun out of control and ended up on the other side of the road. her grandmother, Helen Boddy, was also in the vehicle at the time of the accident on Wyee Road near Doyalson about 5.15pm on Saturday.
Nigel Jackson, 59, is accused of murdering his wife, Brenda Davidson, 72. at the time he claimed she committed suicide after being diagnosed with ovarian and thyroid cancer. but after being shown evidence she was killed, he changed his story. he wrote a letter for jail explaining how he believes she died. says he buried her in his garden with their beloved pets, which they called 'babies'
charity is campaigning for the adoption of the living wage - £9.15 an hour in london and £7.85 for the rest of the country. it estimates this would reduce the need for in-work benefits by £6.7bn a year.
the research focused on POMC neurons, which are a structure called the hypothalamus, that send and receive signals to regulate appetite. when POMC neurons are absent, or not working properly, animals and humans grow dangerously obese. the new findings show in animals that the same thing happens when certain genetic triggers inside the POMC cells aren't working.
the 76sq ft hideaway, based near the tiny Hampshire hamlet of Newgrounds, near Godshill, is made entirely from timber imported from Norway. its ideal location means the cabin is worth more than twice what a similar bolthole would be worth elsewhere. buyers could own a three-bedroom Grade II-listed former school house just a few miles down the road in Ringwood.
the septum ring is a piercing of the wall between the nostrils. it was a coming-of-age ritual for some north american tribes. in india, and Bangladesh, septum piercings are still very popular with women.
the unemployment rate for college graduates grew by 1.5per cent in 2014, despite president Obama's promise to reverse the trend. the overall unemployment rate has fallen to 5.5per cent in March from 6.7per cent at the end of 2013. overall, the united states generated 3.1 million jobs last year, the most since 1999.
lib dem leader wants existing phone appointments extended so doctors can see patients on video calls. officials stressed that people would not be forced use the service and insisted it would only be for minor ailments or progress checks. lib dems also want repeat prescriptions and booking appointments to be made available online.
Solomon Bygraves, 29, robbing 93-year-old Stanley Evans in central london. he offered to help him with his shopping but instead snatched his wallet. pensioner was left lying in the entrance to his block of flats for ten minutes. bygraves, who is homeless, has 21 convictions for 49 offences. he was jailed for 30 months at southwark crown court today.
Jacob Church, 21, and Joe Tobin, 29, were at an art exhibition at a former bank building when the vault door shut behind them. they were fed water through a tube to prevent them becoming dehydrated while police kept in contact with them to check their oxygen levels. after their six-hour ordeal, fire crews with specialist drills were able to cut through the thick concrete walls.
Shayna Hubers, 24, charged with murder in the 2012 shooting death of her lawyer boyfriend, 29-year-old Ryan Poston. she claimed she was acting in self-defense because the young attorney was shoving and hitting her. but during an interview with police she was quoted as saying she gave Poston 'the nose job he wanted'.
Patricia Jannuzzi was put on administrative leave last month and was asked to disable her Facebook page when her comments drew wide publicity. a letter was sent on friday to faculty and staff members at Immaculata High School in somerville saying Jannuzzi had been reinstated. alumnus Scott Lyons wrote a critical letter that was shared online by thelma & Louise star Susan Sarandon, who's his aunt.
Shane O'Byrne and wife jaimie received the fine after they took their newborn baby out for the first time in march 2013. in the process of getting out of the car the ticket they had bought fell on the floor just underneath the driver's seat. the couple explained to the authorities what had happened but were not let off the fine. they exchanged a number of letters with the council over the next two years - with bailiffs knocking on their door demanding £400.
the queen's cousin, 79, injured himself while staying at the queen's private residence. he was taken to Aberdeen royal infirmary on Easter Monday and spent a night in hospital. his royal Highness prince edward walked to his daughter's car with a walking stick. he is expected to leave hospital later today after being discharged by doctors.
the 32-year-old is the longtime boyfriend of dancing with the stars hostererin Andrews. he was arrested on suspicion of possession of cocaine and MDMA. the charges include possession of Class 1, 2, 3 and 4 controlled substances, including cocaine and ecstasy.
Loretta Reinholdt, 54, and Andy Wasinger, 46, were on their second day into a trip from Belize to the Honduran island of Roatan when they were attacked. four men waved them down, boarded the boat with guns and knives and demanded money before pushing their boat to the shoreline of a remote beach. they cut the main sail and tore out the engine wire, leaving the couple and their captain stranded for four days.
boy, known only as hanghang, was using the old handset as an alarm. he said the phone felt hot and then blew up in his face, exposing part of his jawbone and embedding fragments in his arms and legs. doctors said he had 4cm injury to his face which exposed part of his lower jawbone as well as trauma to his left hand.
two men in their 20s stripped off before raiding an Esso filling station in Surrey. they forced their way into manager's office and ransacked the room looking for cash. police released images of the men which they hope will lead to calls from the public, identifying them.
shift worker Phillip Pama, 28, charged with manslaughter. he allegedly killed his 55-year-old neighbour Leon Yeaman with a single punch. he allegedly refused to turn down his loud music and yelled at 'the world at large'. the case is due to return to court on may 18.
never-before-seen images capture poignant moment in history for future generations to remember. huts once contained bodies of thousands of Jews, Gypsies, homosexuals, Nazi opponents and the disabled.
the respected law professor from Philadelphia is now being investigated after allegedly sending a link to a pornographic website to her students. in 2010, she appeared on the television game show who wants to be a millionaire while it was still hosted my Meredith Vieira. despite using two lifelines, she answered wrong and walked away with around $5,000.
fishing guide Carol Gleeson watched as the hungry fresh water crocodile swallowed the water monitor whole. the three-metre reptile noticed her from a distance before it submerged into the water. the incident comes just a month after a 4.38 metre croc was caught after it had been eating dogs and threatening locals.
a man whose car smashed into a geelong house left a baby girl in an induced coma. the driver was left bloodied after the man allegedly hit him with a broken fence paling. police say the car crashed through a fence and into the front bedroom of the Breakwater house after its driver apparently failed to negotiate a roundabout. the four-month-old girl was airlifted to the royal children's hospital in geelong where she remains in an
bishop Robert Finn, 62, offered his resignation under the code of canon law that allows bishops to resign early for illness or some 'grave' reason that makes them unfit for office. but children's rights advocates are urging Pope Francis to do much more to deal with clergy who become embroiled in child sex scandals.
villagers in the small country hamlet of Cledford, near middlewich, have vehemently opposed the plans. they said travellers could 'intimidate' nearby pensioners and may ruin idyllic surroundings. but yesterday, council gave the proposal the go ahead at a planning meeting. it will create a 'transit site' with room for nine gypsy families.
brothers from port canaveral, florida, have designed and built a fleet of movie-inspired vehicles. 'we get a lot of reactions in the street - a lot of times people will come up next to us and box us in, wanting to take pictures'
'to all the voters I want to thank you for putting me through my paces,' an elated mayor told supporters. 'i will be a better mayor because of that. I will carry your voices, your concerns into... the mayor's office,' he said. the mayoral runoff was the first since the city changed the way it conducts elections about 20 years ago.
a woman's life was saved after her doctor discovered she had stomach cancer during prep for gastric bypass surgery. she was due to undergo the surgery after her weight reached 430lbs. but durring the prep her doctor discovered she had cancer.
the Kardashians arrived in Jerusalem on monday for the baptism of their daughter. the 22-month-old was dressed in a white gown and her father was wearing the same colour. she opted for a striped wrap-around dress and flat sandals.
farmers in country australia are renting their empty properties for $1 a week in an attempt to attract young families from the big smoke. residents of rural towns like Cumnock, Errowanbang and Molong in NSW and Wicheproof in Victoria hope the bargain rentals will entice families with young children. the town's population increased 30 per cent but those families are growing up and moving on.
fiancee of fusilier Lee Rigby has found 'happiness' with army major. she is said to be in a relationship with former comrade, major Paul Draper. the 51-year-old is a decorated member of the middlesex and north west army. miss west was devastated when her husband was hacked to death in woolwich.
five firefighters and one's girlfriend, who is suspected of videoing the attack, were taken in to custody earlier this week on sexual assault charges. fire chief Gavin Satterfield, 31, and assistant fire chief William 'billy' getzendaner, 34, were suspended by the department's oversight board. the victim came forward in late march to report the alleged attack, which he claims took place in January.
cosmetologist killed himself on Easter Sunday weeks after the launch of the unbreakable Kimmy Schmidt on Netflix. in the show, Martin Short plays a caricatured white-haired cosmetologist called Dr Franff with an inordinate amount of fillers in his face. friends admit Brandt identified the resemblance - but most claim he jovially pointed it out and laughed. another friend, hair colorist Kyle white, told the paper his reaction was a front
Agnese Klavina, 30, vanished after being driven away from aqwa mist. older sister fought back tears as she described her sister as'very beautiful' appeal emerged hours after multi-millionaire property developer's son and pal were summoned to court.
single-serve coffee capsules in 2014 hit over $3 billion in US sales, it's been revealed. the finding was unveiled in a CBS News report by Susan Spencer on one such company that manufactures them, the Vermont-based Keurig Green Mountain. Among its many coffee flavors available, Keurig sells on its website Krispy Kreme, Starbucks, Folgers, Dunkin Donuts and Kahlua options.
new powers for the Scottish parliament could have a 'big impact' on jobs. resentment in england and wales at 'apartheid' between north and south of border. cancer drugs made available on the NHS in scotland that are not prescribed elsewhere.
two siblings died in head-on crash on the NSW Central Coast on sunday. their grandmother, 54, aqua-planed and swerved into path of oncoming ute. their older brother Daniel, 12, and mother Chantelle, 31, are still in hospital. more than $32,000 has already been raised to cover the cost of their funerals.
a man stormed the runway at the Ellery show at the Carriageworks venue in Sydney on sunday night. he walked down the catwalk while designer Kym Ellery was taking her bow. a neighbour of the venue made a public complaint about the music. the man was overheard complaining that show organisers had 'no respect for the local community'
a web profile matching the description of'shameless liar' has been spotted. it describes a blue-eyed 'adventurer' who is 'looking for a relationship' he led a double life, duping his first wife into believing he needed to spend periods away from the family home in a'safe house' in reality, he was romancing finance manager Philippa Campbell, 30, who he married in a lavish wedding.
the 2015 general election looks to be picking up a nickname of its own - the'selfie election' with just 23 days to go. politicians have been trying their best to get their faces in as many places as possible - literally.
a loo version of the Iron Throne was built by a team of top Hollywood prop makers for YouTube show Super Fan Builds. the loo was presented to self-confessed Game Of Thrones geek John Giovanazzi at his bar in Glendale, california.
the will of Princess Diana is among 41 million available to order online. a vast archive of wills dating back to 1858 are available to view. Those of Winston Churchill and George orwell can also be seen. in her will, Diana’s butler Paul Burrell was bequeathed the sum of £50,000.
cobbles will be lifted from their current place and cut in half before being relaid. the road runs alongside the Bristol Floating Harbour and dates back to the 19th century. the council said the reaction had been 'overwhelmingly' in favour of the scheme from cyclists, pedestrians and wheelchair users.
many were sacked, stripped of savings and even jailed after cash shortfalls were recorded. post office asked accountants to investigate Horizon IT system in 2012. follows complaints from dozens of subpostmasters who said they had been wrongly accused of theft, fraud and false accounting when cash shortfalls were discovered. now a leaked copy of accountants’ independent report suggests discrepancies could have been caused by computer failures, cyber criminals or human error.
Ella Dawson was diagnosed with genital herpes two years ago and says she's been dropping the 'herpes bomb' about six months after she had her first outbreak. in her essay for women's health mag, she recalls meeting a boy at a party who offered her a sip of his beer. she said that even though herpes is often the bud of the joke in popular culture, it's a real issue affecting at least one in six Americans.
a 32-year-old man from suburban Kepnock will appear at bundaberg magistrates court on Monday. a 29-year-old man was admitted to hospital on saturday with fractures, head injuries and burns. police launched their own investigation after observing his injuries. the victim claimed to have amnesia and that he could not remember what happened.
Zeke Celello burst into tears when 67-year-old announced she was running. would-be presidential candidate insists 2016 is his year to shine. he admits he lacks the experience of former secretary of state and senator. but he does have the advantage of youth and will not be perceived as insider.
the lawsuit by Erica Kinsman, which seeks damages from the former Seminoles quarterback, was filed two weeks before the April 30 NFL draft. Winston has denied the allegations and prosecutors declined to file charges against him in late 2013. he also was cleared by the university following a two-day student conduct hearing last year.
the supreme leader was making his first comments on the interim deal reached last week in the Swiss city of Lausanne. he warned about 'deceptive' intentions of the united states. 'i neither support nor oppose the deal, since nothing has happened yet,' he said.
Ashley Mote, 79, is accused of a string of fraud-related offences. alleged to have used money to fund his domestic court battles. he denies 11 offences alleged to have taken place between 2004 and 2010.
researchers at the university of california examined the reaction of secondary and primary school teachers in the us to student race. they found teachers were more likely to view youngsters who they thought were black as troublemakers than those they thought were white. researchers say this may go someway towards explaining why black children are often disciplined more at schools.
eight-year-olds in orange, new jersey, and high school students in the Philadelphia Student Union have written to convicted cop killer Mumia Abu-Jamal. the cards have caused outrage and alarm among political commentators, many of whom claim the 60-year-old's illness is a fraud and clamor for attention. he was hospitalized last week after collapsing in the bathroom of the state correctional institution at Mahanoy.
the 17-year-old Albertville, Alabama high school junior was proud to be escorted by her 80-year-old grandfather to prom this past weekend. drain dropped out of school after the eighth grade and then enlisted in the navy in 1951 at the age of 17. he would have been serving in the Korean War when his own prom happened.
each year thousands of homeless dogs facing euthanasia get loaded on planes and flown to new homes in places where shelters are experiencing shortages. groups such as California-based Wings of Rescue or South Carolina-based Pilots N Paws recruit pilots to volunteer their planes, fuel and time.
Dominique Granier sparked outrage after suggesting separate service for Roma. he said the smell which accompanied the Roma was a'sanitation risk' but the bus company has taken his comments seriously and outsourced part of the route.
Loren Mathieson filmed her pet Boston Terrier, Gizmo, performing the gravity-defying stunt one day at home. footage shows him taking a few steps forwards before planting down his front feet and launching his back legs vertically in the air.
young girl claims she is firing machine gun at 'daesh', the Arabic name for ISIS. she holds up four fingers and boasts she has killed 400 militants so far. as she fires the gun, the man says: 'kill, kill' but it is unclear whether she has actually hit anything.
the baby boy was removed from their care four days after he was born in Oregon last year. in march, moody, 25, was sentenced to 10 days in jail on the incest charge, but got credit for time already served. she also received 18 months probation.
a 160kg man who fell down a stormwater drain was rescued by 15 firefighters. firefighters, paramedics and police extracted the man using ropes and ladders. due to the size of the man it took 15 firefighters, ambulance and police to get him out of the hole.
a 2-year-old dog from Des Moines named Tank won the 36th annual Beautiful Bulldog contest Sunday at Drake University. Tank will appear before more than 16,000 fans at the university's Drake Relays to be honored as mascot of the event. the tongue-in-cheek beauty pageant, which featured 50 dogs, is the kickoff event for the Drake Relays track meet.
queen margaret of Denmark waved to crowds from the balcony at the amalienborg palace. her son and heir, Crown Prince Frederik, 46, and his wife Mary, 43, were also on the balcony. the royals were joined by their four children, including twins Vincent and Josephine.
audience cheered calls for more public spending and strong defences of immigration. when Ukip leader said they were prejudiced, they only booed him further. of 200-strong audience, about 58 were conservative or Ukip supporters.
shepard, 35, served 15 years in prison for molesting two boys, age six and nine, at a roller rink in 1998. he was frequently seen riding around the neighborhood with children on his scooter. when asked about the sex offender notification he gave to his neighbors, he claimed he was convicted of sleeping with a preacher's daughter.
locals from the island of Kudahuvadhoo, in the southern area of the Dhaalu atoll in the maldives, claim they saw a 'low-flying jumbo jet' on the morning of MH370's disappearance. scientists refuse to rule out the possibility that 'distinctive' data they recorded from the area at the assumed time of the crash may have come from the impact of the aircraft as it hit the Indian ocean.
a mother has released images of her son who suffered serious injuries after he was assaulted at an Adelaide train station on Saturday night. her desperate plea on facebook has gone viral as she appealed for witnesses to come forward following surgery for his broken jaw in two places and a fractured cheekbone. she said a group of five, including four teenagers and an adult, attacked her son over money owed for a hot dog.
over the past year, more than 1.4 million people were forced to wait longer than the target time – compared to just 353,000 in 2009/10. 113,648 waited longer than four-hours on trolleys in A&E, and 983 over 12 hours. it is now 89 weeks since hospital A&Es met their waiting targets.
Shaun Ingram booked his car in for a major service and an MOT last month. but when he went to collect it, he was shocked to discover a mechanic had taken it for a spin. his dashcam recorded footage of it being driven at 57mph in a 30mph zone. it also showed the mechanic swearing and boasting about test-driving the car.
when she was a size 18, she was heckled with taunts of 'oi, fatty!' as she ran. even her doctor told her she was too big to contemplate running 26.2 miles. she completed a marathon in 2012 and has done numerous other races since. now through her website, The Fat Girl's Guide to Running, she's encouraging other women to take up the sport regardless of size and ability.
Yingying Dou ran the website which charged up to $1000 per assignment. the university of Sydney was provided with evidence that its students had ordered 40 assignments from the website. but internal emails show just five students have been found guilty of cheating.
trading standards officers raided the royal china club in central london. it boasted of selling shark fin soup and a dish made with shark teeth. charity bite-back believes one in five restaurants are selling the soup. one kilogram of shark fin can fetch up to £180 through wholesale markets.
despite attacking right to buy, Emily Thornberry has three homes in london. eight years ago she bought at auction a housing association property. tories said she opposed right to buy but not 'right to buy to let'
australian engineer was caught with two cartons of beer, one box of red wine and one box of white wine in his car. the possession of alcohol is illegal in Saudi Arabia. he was jailed for six months and 75 lashes, but only received 28 of the 75 lashes he was sentenced to have. the 57-year-old has been banned from travelling out of the country.
Emmanuel Sithole was brutally attacked in Alexandra township near Johannesburg. he was left bleeding to death in a gutter because a medical centre was closed for the day because the doctor who worked there was also a foreigner. his cause of death was established as a direct stab wound to the heart. his identity was established from a mobile phone found in his pocket.
labour leader approached the BBC to delay the broadcast of steptoe and son on the night of the 1964 election. he feared that working class voters would stay at home and watch the show instead. so he approached BBC director general sir Hugh Greene at his home. he said the show could cost him 20 seats.
debra and debra Krein of Rogue River, Oregon, filed a lawsuit in 2012 against their neighbors and their giant Tibetan mastiffs. the couple claimed their lives have been plagued by the noise since the defendants, John Updegraff and Karen Szewc, started breeding dogs in 2002. after three years of proceedings, a jury has ruled in favor of the disgruntled Oregonians, ordering for the canines to be debarked within 60 days.
Fredric Brandt, 65, was found hanged in the garage of his Miami mansion on sunday. he was reportedly upset over his portrayal in unbreakable Kimmy Schmidt. a friend said: 'it was making fun of him for the way he looked and it was mean and it was bullying' he was 'absolutely upset, who would want that? but that was not why he committed suicide'
Izzat Ibrahim al-Douri died in fighting with government troops in Salahuddin. al-Douri, 72, headed the Naqshbandi Order insurgent group. he was one of Saddam's most trusted henchmen, helping to lead 1968 coup.
Tokyo researchers have proposed a laser system to attach to the ISS. it would be used to shoot down pieces of debris in Earth orbit. the system would have a range of 62 miles (100km) and could target things less than 0.4 inches (1cm) in size. powerful pulses from the laser would then push space junk into Earth’s atmosphere, where it would burn up.
nearly a third of people aged 16-to-34 have deleted their facebook accounts. trend comes as increasing numbers of older users turn to the social network to stay in touch and share family pictures. around a fifth of those aged 16 to 34 use smartphones at family dinners.
firm has been hit by new rules on payday lending and forced to pay compensation to customers who were sent fake legal letters. chairman says that the company might ditch its controversial brand in a bid to repair its reputation.
only 15% of students say they plan to vote to vote Green, down from 28% in February. proportion of students who dislike her has doubled since September to 24 per cent. support for the Greens rose steadily over two years, peaked at 28% in February. but since then support has dropped sharply to only 15%, meaning they have been overtaken by the conservatives who are on 25%.
richie Benaud, 84, has passed away after a battle with skin cancer. he was one of the best test captains australia ever had. his one-liners were perfectly timed and understated.
despite his daughter remaining in a medically induced coma since she was found unresponsive in a bathtub at her Atlanta home in January, singer Bobby Brown told an audience on Saturday night that 'bobbi is awake. She's watching me' the singer didn't elaborate on if his daughter had regained consciousness or if he was talking instead about her spirit. after the 46-year-old's comment, his sister Tina posted on Facebook, '[bob
prime minister will unveil analysis to show labour and the SNP are'really on the same side' since he became labour leader, the SNP has trooped through the lobbies with his MPs in 91.5 per cent of Commons divisions. labour and the SNP have ruled out a formal coalition.
italian Alex Bellini will live atop an iceberg in Greenland starting next year. he will live inside a contained ball, with no means to escape for 12 months. the capsule will be 10ft (three metres) wide and could fit 10 people. but he will remove all of the seats apart from one, for himself. he will have exercise equipment, such as a stationary bike, and supplies for the year such as food and water.
plane's wheels broke off moments after it touched down at east Midlands airport. cargo plane skidded along runway for 380ft before coming to a stop. plane's 38-year-old captain and co-pilot escaped injury.
Joel Burger, 24, proposed to his 23-year-old girlfriend Ashley King - paving the way for a Burger-King wedding.
second election swiftly after polling day is 'extremely likely', professor says. experts also warn a'messy and unstable' left-wing alliance is likely to be in power.
Apricot bread pudding has more sugar than a Snickers bar. a banana and Apricot bagel has more sugar than a bowl of Frosties.
five opposition party leaders went head-to-head in the 90-minute debate. labour's Ed Miliband, SNP's Nicola Sturgeon, Ukip's Nigel Farage, Green's Natalie Bennett and Plaid Cymru's Leanne Wood. as the debate raged in Westminster's Methodist central hall, Mr Cameron was 66 miles from the action at home in Oxfordshire.
former staff sgt. Charlie Linville, 29, is using a specially designed metal foot outfitted with a climbing boot and another one with crampons in his quest to conquer the 8,850-meter (29,035-foot) summit next month. he was an explosives expert serving in Afghanistan in 2011, when he went to investigate an explosion that wounded his colleague. he was hit by another explosive device and seriously wounded, and two years later, had his right leg amputated below the knee. his
student at university of Colorado struck by train in Indio, california. he was pronounced dead less than 40 minutes later, police said on monday. it remains unclear why andersen was on train tracks instead of festival. on monday, mac demarco took to twitter to pay tribute to 23-year-old. he said: 'he had the wildest and strangest taste in music, but they were always great tunes'
Waheed Ahmed, 21, is the son of councillor Shakil Ahmed from Rochdale. he was arrested on suspicion of trying to sneak into Syria with eight relatives. he was deported and flown back to the uk on a plane packed with holidaymakers. six people - a 21-year-old man arrested at Birmingham airport, two women and two men aged between 22 and 47 held at Manchester airport, plus a 30-year-old man arrested in the Rochdale area - have been released
robot was supposed to be able to function for about 10 hours at levels of radiation which would be fatal to humans. but it stalled before it could complete its operation and had to be abandoned. a second robot mission scheduled for Monday was postponed as engineers investigated the cause of the malfunction.
a set of 500 limited edition copies of selfish sold out less than a minute after going on sale on tuesday. the limited edition copies retailed for $60 per book.
twins were born with very different skin tones thanks to quirk of genetics. one sister has black skin and the other is white thanks to quirk of genetics. the effect is so striking that even their own father has said it is hard to believe that they are related.
after a 62-mile (100km) trek through the Thai jungle, Me-Bai can be seen nuzzling her mother, Mae Yui. the pair joyfully flap their ears and caress each other with their trunks in the elephant nature park sanctuary, in the north of the country. it is particularly sad because females tend to stick together in herds until they die, sharing incredibly strong bonds. they are very rarely separated before the calf is five years of age.
the list of don'ts runs to several dozen items. more than 20 other states have such lists. a few states - not Kansas - prohibit buying guns, and a few ban tattoos.
newborn weighs 11lb 5oz and fits into clothes designed for babies aged three to six months. mother-of-one Danielle, 21, had insisted on a natural birth - not realising she was about to deliver a massive baby.
police charged 34-year-old Paul Johnson-Yarosevich of Acton, Maine, on Monday with prohibited use of computer. the investigation started in December after the father of a pre-teen girl told police about the contact. police determined the girl thought she had been communicating via social media with another female student around her age.
prisoner bombarded teenager with thousands of texts and calls after he received her number from a cellmate. the 33-year-old bombarded her with sob stories about his life saying he had no family and nobody visited him in prison. she eventually contacted police when he told her he had friends on the outside watching her and even sent her a picture of her front door. he was found guilty of conspiracy to burgle, harassment and a phone possession charge.
the 27-year-old is launching her new range for the brand on tuesday. shows off her summer tan and enviable curves in campaign imagery. says her ultimate beauty secrets are drinking lots of water and always taking her make-up off before bed.
two-year-old oratilwe Hlongwane is still learning to put together words. but the toddler is already able to select and play music from a laptop. his capabilities have earned him special appearances and sponsorship deals. his mother, Refiloe Marumo, credits his astounding success to his father's decision to buy an iPad for his then unborn son.
caron Wyn Jones underwent a hip operation at a private clinic in bridgend. he paid because the Welsh NHS could not perform the operation soon enough. disclosure came as he unveiled his general election manifesto for the NHS.
former deputy prime minister said he cannot see a problem with the future King writing to government ministers. he said he has 'a lot to offer this country' and has 'a lot of time for the future King'. comes after the supreme court paved the way for publication of the prince's 'black spider' memos.
reports of child sex abuse cases have risen by more than 60 per cent since 2011. nearly 9,000 reports filed in 2014, with arrests falling by nine per cent. despite a surge in reports, the number of arrests fell by nine per cent. comes after an estimated 1,400 children were abused in the area.
angelina Santini from San Diego, California, filmed her nine-month-old son Marcus getting carried away in his bouncer one day.
Patricia Ebel, 49, was driving her 10-year-old grandson home after a day at the pool when she crashed her black BMW 5-Series into a car that was stopped at an intersection in Naples, Florida. she was captured on video staggering as she failed all field-sobriety-tests administered by Collier County Sheriff’s Deputies. her arrest report states that deputies smelled a strong odor of alcohol on Ebel.
the 23.63-acre property encompasses a hilltop near the 16th and 17th tees at the gated Wood Ranch Golf & Country Club community. it enjoys stunning 360-degree views of the golf course, surrounding mountains and the valley. built in 2005, the Tuscan-style mansion has five bedrooms and 5.5 baths.
it was only 10 minutes into the hour-long debate when 74-year-old Lynne Abraham collapsed on stage. a doctor evaluated her backstage and told her she probably suffered a sudden drop in blood pressure due to the unforgiving stage lights. while she was anxious to finish the debate, the doctor ordered her against returning. speaking to reporters after the fall, Abraham said she was embarrassed but feeling well and that the incident won't impact her campaign.
a grand jury charged Durst with possession of a firearm by a felon. he also is charged with possession of both a firearm and an illegal drug. his arrest related to those charges has kept him from being extradited to los angeles.
work at the dome of the rock was meant to replace carpet worn away by pilgrims. but when old carpet was lifted, it revealed previously undocumented floor designs. they could point to where the gold-cased Ark of the Covenant was buried 2,500 years ago.
faith myers, 14, from Nebraska, was filmed by her mother as she woke in bed still 'high' from the procedure's anesthesia.
Shaneah Jenkins, 23, and her sister, Shayanna Jenkins, 25, were estranged after the jury found Aaron Hernandez guilty of first-degree murder on wednesday. the two sisters shared an apartment in their native Bristol,. Connecticut, but have not spoken since it became clear that Hernandez had a. role in Lloyd's brutal death. the mother of Lloyd's victim, Ursula Ward, said that she had forgiven those who 'had a hand in my son's murder
a collection of the historic artefacts from this exotic empire will go on sale at london auction house bonhams this month. experts expect them to fetch a total of around £1million. a gem-set sword with pink, green and red stones and an ornate tiger's head pommel is expected to sell for £80,000.
father-of-two, Alex Impey, is selling medicinal marijuana to help those suffering from serious illness. he says he receives 20 new requests for help each week at his hemp store, on the NSW Central Coast, north of Sydney. some cancer sufferers can use up to a gram each day as treatment with costs of the oil between $80 and $150 per gram. parents of children with serious illnesses are being taught how to grow their own marijuana crops.
Elijah Overcomer, 26, left Gloriavale with his wife, Rosanna, 29, and their three children in late 2013. the family watched the 2004 psychological thriller the village, by M. Night Shyamalan. 'it's kind of the same thing here. you're told if you leave Gloriavale you're lost, you lose your Salvation,' he said.
president Barack Obama all but endorsed her saying 'i think she would be an excellent president' the advisers provided the first preview of the message Clinton planned to convey when she launches her long-anticipated campaign on Sunday. the strategy described by Clinton's advisers has echoes of Obama's 2012 re-election campaign.
Rhodri Giggs, 37, revealed he is now unemployed as he lost his licence. he was found guilty of driving a Mercedes without insurance last year. under the 'totting-up' procedure, he was forced to hand over his licence. he had already accrued six points from two previous speeding offences.
claims such as this are a case of pareidolia, which is the psychological response to seeing significant items in random stimulus. many scientists believe UFO sightings such as this are down to a psychological phenomenon called pareidolia.
adidas Ultra Boost trainers go on sale for £130 ahead of the London marathon. aldi's £19.99 pair is on sale for the same price as the £130 trainers. marathon runner Lucy Waterlow tested them out ahead of the marathon.
couple convicted of noise pollution and harassment for 'deafening' screams. long-suffering neighbours described the wails of passion as 'deafening' man sentenced to four months in prison and fiancée given noise abatement order. but couple appealed and ordered to pay £7,000 in damages and £2,000 in legal fees.
the hackers accessed the president's non-public schedule, which is regarded as highly sensitive information that is sought after by foreign intelligence agencies. a six-month investigation into the breach uncovered evidence pointing to hackers working on behalf of Russian president Vladimir Putin's government. the white house responded to the revelations by saying the report did not refer to a new incident but was ‘speculating’ about the source of cyber intrusion.
director gareth Edwards revealed a glimpse of the first standalone Star Wars film, Rogue One, at the Star Wars Celebration convention in Anaheim, California. the iconic franchise's twitter account posted a capsule of the storyline, saying: 'a band of resistance fighters unite for a daring mission to steal the Death Star plans'
the no man's land fort is one of three guarding the entrance to the Solent, just off the coast of the Isle of Wight. it has been transformed into a luxury impregnable haven complete with a rooftop hot tub, shops and even its own nightclub. the hotel can sleep 44 guests with a capacity of 200 for parties and events.
the 4th District Court of Appeal in San Diego upheld a lower court ruling that tossed out a family's lawsuit trying to block the school district from teaching yoga. the lawsuit brought by Stephen and Jennifer Sedlock and their two children claimed the school district's yoga classes promoted Hinduism and inhibited Christianity. the district said the practice is taught in a secular way to promote strength, flexibility and balance.
a 36-year-old man has been arrested on suspicion of conspiracy to murder. a woman and a man have also been arrested on suspicion of terror offences. the father-of-six was found shot dead in his car on wembley street. he was an imam at a controversial mosque in west London.
sheree, 25, and sister Sophie, 21, allowed bank accounts to be used to accept stolen money. elderly couple were conned out of £36,000 by a fraudster posing as a policeman. he urged them to transfer money into various accounts 'for their own security' pair tried to get money back when they realised they had been duped. but banks said staff had acted 'without negligence and acted upon instruction'
violet Pietrok was born with frontonasal dysplasia, a malformation of the face and head that is developed in the womb. it caused a widening of Violet's facial features, specifically with her nose, which had no cartilage, and the space between her eyes. she also had a large central cleft in her face and a growth over her left eye. plastic surgeon-in-chief Dr. John Meara spent months preparing for Violet's surgery,
shopper 'exchanged heated words with 60-year-old before knocking him over' he fell to the floor and broke his thighbone and wrist in the aisle. the next day, an operation to repair his injuries appeared to go well. but on christmas day he suffered what doctors believe was a heart attack. he was taken into intensive care and put on life-support machine. two months later, the decision was taken to turn off the machine.
jemma peacock, 31, has a rare form of stomach cancer and is currently taking three drugs to try to prolong her life. the third and most effective drug - regorafenib - costs the NHS around £1,000 a week to provide and has been removed from the health service's approved list of treatments. the mother-of-two says she cannot afford to buy regorafenib privately and has called on the health service to reverse their decision.
domestic cats are being snatched off the streets and killed in their tens of thousands across northern vietnam. they are sold as a delicacy known as 'baby tiger', despite laws against eating the animals. at one restaurant, the owner slaughtered 31 cats already that day just to keep up.
Jeremy Trentelman, 36, of Ogden, built a giant box fort for his three-year-old son Max and two-year-old daughter Story last week. he was greeted with a letter from code enforcement city officials one day later saying that his creation must be scrapped. the father, who works as a florist arranging intricate flower displays, says he will not contest the letter because he does not want to turn it into something negative.
three-quarters of parents whose children are over 18 still have at least one child living with them. but only 42 per cent charge their children rent - with many admitting they feel too guilty and uncomfortable to ask. 80 per cent still buy their adult child's groceries and 60 per cent cook dinner for them each night.
researchers behind the Gallup-Healthways Well-Being Index say the number of uninsured Americans is now at a record low. when tracking began in 2008 roughly 14per cent of citizens were uninsured, peaking at 18per cent in the third quarter of 2013. but marking a shift in the trend, for the first three months of this year the rate dropped to 11.9per cent.
police were forced to restrain a 20-year-old woman in the early hours of Saturday after a fight broke out involving'multiple individuals' the fight is believed to have started inside a bar before spilling out onto the streets in downtown Orlando. Britney E. Montenegro was arrested covered in blood.
scientists have found vast deep water gas hydrates in the Arctic that are reservoirs for abiotic methane – a gas 20 times more effective in trapping heat than carbon dioxide. the gas forms through a process called serpentinisation, which occurs when seawater reacts with hot mantle rocks exhumed along large faults within the seafloor. one such reservoir was recently discovered on the ultraslow spreading Knipovich ridge, in the deep Fram Strait of the Arctic Ocean.
launching party’s manifesto in Manchester, he will claim ‘not one policy’ in it would be funded through additional government borrowing. he will insist a labour government would ‘cut the deficit every year’ and have national debt falling ‘as soon as possible’.
more than 160 melon-headed whales washed onto two beaches in japan. the whales were stranded along a 6-mile (10km) stretch of the coast of Hokato. fears based on appearance of 50 melon-headed whales six days before 2011 earthquake. experts have dismissed the claims as being 'unscientific'
an average australian sheds the equivalent of a 50 gram packet of chips every week in dry skin, feeding an army of dust mites into our couches and beds. more than 1,000 dust mites live in just one metre square of carpet and they produce approximately 2000 droppings in their lifetime. an average bed can have approximately 10,000 dust mites living in it at one time.
italian woman accused of carrying out acid attacks on ex-boyfriends. she and her boyfriend planned to throw 'corrosive liquid' at men she had previously been linked to. the 23-year-old also tried to castrate a man's genitals while in his car.
Tony Degrafreed, of Indianapolis, has been charged with murder for allegedly beating to death wife Rebecca Degrafreed, 47, at their home on July 20, 2014. degrafreed was convicted of murder in 1995 and sentenced to 30 years in prison, but served less than half of that.
dozens of anarchists have made their squalid home in a litter-strewn shanty town. they are linked to the occupy movement that caused chaos in london. a used condom and grubby mattress lie at the entrance to the ramshackle squatters’ camp.
the offending garments feature phrases such as'some people call it stalking. I call it love!' they are sold in us and uk stores including Zazzle, Look Human and North Shore Shirts. 'Are you stalking me? 'Cause that would be super', reads one. 'Stalking is when Channing Tatum and I go for long romantic walk together but only one of us knows about it', another states.
a 24-year-old man who had been pointed out by a college student as her rapist had his truck rear-ended before he was kidnapped, brutally beaten and killed. prosecutors say now-45-year-old Gianni van was enraged after his ex-girlfriend Norma Patricia Esparza told him Ramirez had raped her. she's expected to testify Thursday.
six-storey structure collapsed 'like a pancake' at royal courts of justice. fifth, fourth and third floors crashed down on to the rest of the building. a 56-year-old man was taken to hospital with head injuries and broken arm. terrifying incident is yards from where an underground cable fire tore through Holborn on April 1.
Gavin Munro grows trees into specially-designed plastic moulds. he then grafts them together to form ultra-tough joints. he has a field in Derbyshire where he's tending a crop of 400 tables, chairs and lampshades which he hopes to harvest next year.
female stars including Nancy Dell'Olio, Josie Gibson, Jamelia and Susanna Reid have all stepped up to the plate for #SelfieEsteem. survey shows women take an average of six selfies before posting one online and men take four. 'when you’ve got low self-esteem it doesn’t just ruin relationships, it also affects your life,' says former big brother star.
Volvo teamed up with a Swedish start-up to make a light reflective spray for cyclists, called Life Paint. the spray contains powder-fine reflective particles designed to react to a car’s headlights, alerting drivers to cyclists in the dark. a trial began in London bike shops on 2 April and 2,000 cans were given away free as word of the popular product spread. some of these are now on sale on ebay for £45 ($66) at the time of writing.
a national driving survey analysed the travel habits of 3700 australian families. four in five families use technology to deal with bored children. another 70 per cent give their kids treats to sweeten the ride. Almost 20 per cent of NSW families use a more extreme technique.
former assistant elementary school principal was shocked to find rôti de boeuf and cordon bleu de dinde on the menu for toddlers. but when offered the chance to sit in on her eldest daughter's lunch breaks for one week, she witnessed tots using 'grown-up knives and forks' in her native canada, children would sit on the floor in the gym to eat their lunch and 20 minutes to play.
morbidly obese Rochelle Coulson suffers from sleep apnoea - a condition often linked to obesity - which leaves her so tired she falls asleep unexpectedly. 21-year-old has not worked for five years because she says she would be a 'danger' in the workplace. pressure group the taxpayers' alliance has warned that the benefit system should not become a 'comfort blanket'
unnamed man was gored between the legs during a bullrunning event in Teulada. he was sprinting ahead of the animal before it caught him with one horn. despite his efforts to climb back up, the bull appeared to hit him with one. incident happened during the town's annual fiesta celebrations.
four-foot red and orange corn snake found slithering around in the bath. mother-of-one, from teesside, thought her daughter was joking. but when they walked into the bathroom they came face to face with the snake. she believes it may belong to previous tenant who kept snakes as pets.
mailonline caught up with the world's most extravagant 18 to 26-year-olds. they blew their cash in Miami, new york, marbella and Monaco. self-made millionaire and workaholic Tomer Sror continued to earn hundreds of thousands over online trades.
university of Manchester researchers have revealed an HD dark matter map. it shows clumps of mystery particles across 0.4 per cent of the sky. the goal is to eventually map 12.5 per cent over five years. red here shows more dark matter, and blue shows less. the moon is shown top left for scale. red here shows more dark matter, and blue shows less. and blue here shows more dark matter, and blue shows less. and the map should allow astronomers to study how galaxies formed
chilly temperatures in the northeast have kept snow on the ground well into April. one family on new york's long island were even able to keep a snowman alive until this weekend, when it finally melted in 70-degree temperatures. but before the snowman withered away, he became an internet celebrity, with more than 3,000 people liking the page the family dedicated to their beloved friend on facebook.
the 42-year-old mother-of-two will be living off $29 worth of food for a week as part of a charity challenge aimed at raising awareness and funds for food banks. she posted a picture of her $29 grocery shop on her twitter account yesterday afternoon.
the video was captured in a front room in Bahama, north carolina. the three dogs – a Husky called Sky, a springer Spaniel called Sadie and a black and white Springer Spaniel called Marshall – take their positions on their make-shift stage.
flight from Seattle to los angeles on monday returned to first class. pilot heard banging and screaming from beneath the aircraft. 'Help! Help! Help!' the man screamed, according to one passenger. the cargo hold where the handler was trapped is temperature controlled.
the international monetary fund predicts the UK economy will grow by 2.7 per cent this year and 2.3 per cent in 2016, beaten only by the united states. it comes as the tories were buoyed by the news that inflation remains at zero per cent, with food and fuel prices down sharply year on year.
the met office has a severe wind warning in place until 5pm today for north Wales and northern England from Derby up to Northallerton. the mercury this weekend has been around the 13C to 14C (55F to 57F) mark - much closer to the average for the time of year. today will be largely dry and bright across the south, but it will turn windy with a fresh south-westerly wind.
Sharmeena Begum, 15, was raised by her uncle Shamim Miah, a devout Muslim. he encouraged her to pray each dawn before classes at Bethnal Green academy. he blames airport authorities, police and her school for letting her flee the country.
co-authors of 'Bubba Yum Yum: The Paleo Way' spoke out on the morning show. said they are 'confident' about the changes they have made to the book. book was due to be released last month but was dumped by publishers. 'we've taken all of the [health] information on board and applied it to the book,' said Charlotte Carr.
Chancellor ducked questions about exactly how the cash boost would be paid for. he said it would come from the conservatives' 'balanced plan' for the economy. but he declined to go into further detail about the cash boost.
four sailors charged with one count of sexual assault in connection with alleged incident at a military base in shearwater, near Halifax, Nova Scotia. alleged attack said to have taken place during a party at the military barracks where Canada's Atlantic Fleet are based.
pensioner from halliwell, bolton, was about to put his meal in the oven. he caught sight of the black and white California king hiding inside. he scooped up the reptile and placed it in a plastic food recycling box. the snake has been given a temporary home with a local conservationist.
the former rap music mogul struck two men with his pickup truck in January, killing one and seriously injuring the other. superior court judge Ronald coen made the ruling on Thursday after concluding a hearing that focused heavily on testimony from Cle 'Bone' Sloan. the judge also reduced bail from $25 million to $10 million. on Thursday morning, Knight walked out of court after the hearing.
'i've always wanted to have grandchildren but i had to be patient and let them get married first,' she said. her words come just days after her son and his bride wed at Dunblane cathedral.
a lady in London's account showcases the best of the english capital. adventure photographer Joe Greer has made a successful second career posting breathtaking landscapes of the Pacific Northwest.
the website for the airport has been shut down after it was hacked and defaced with a statement supporting the radical Islamist group ISIS. police are investigating and have been monitoring activity at the airport. there were no threats made towards the airport or flight operations to and from the airport.
replica set sail for the united states off the coast of Fouras, southwest france. replica fired its cannons as it sailed up the french river Charente on Saturday. it will head for Yorktown, where Lafayette and his forces played a critical part in a decisive battle against the British. french president Francois Hollande paid a brief visit to the warship.
the video was apparently filmed by a supporter at the green man pub in wembley. it appears to show a homophobic chant being aimed at Ashley Cole. the video has since been deleted from twitter.
mangu Ram, 82, fled to Kashmir as a refugee when he was 14 years old. he is still regarded as a second class citizen - unable to own property or vote in state elections. 'if something can be done, then maybe I will finally have some enjoyment in this life,' he says.
biologists at the Hebrew university of Jerusalem recorded the video. they found that the orientation of the creature's body and the crawling direction are controlled independently in the brain. male octopuses have a long, detachable penis in order to mate with females that are five times bigger than itself. when a female swims by, the male sends his penis off to swim to the female and mate with her. females can mate several times and store multiple hec
Islamic extremists drove cars to a mosque in the remote village of Kwajafa. they told locals they were there to teach Islam before opening fire. attack came as new pictures showed how teenagers caught up in previous slaughters carried out by Boko Haram are being encouraged draw pictures of the attacks.
mother of 16-year-old described her daughter as a 'caring, normal, happy, lovely girl'. she said: 'knowing it's happened, it's like you are talking about someone else's kid' her stepbrother, Nathan Matthews, 28, is set to go on trial for the teenager's murder.
Paula McKay was told her daughter, Natasha, had suffered brain damage. when she became pregnant with her second child, less than two years later, she was reassured the same mistakes would not be repeated. when her son, Patrick, was delivered at the same hospital, the same errors were made, leaving her son brain damaged and severely disabled. ms McKay has won a 20-year legal battle to secure £13 million compensation.
'being fat sucks. I’m here to say that’s bullsh**. being fat sucks. I love myself way more now than I ever have,' said the 27-year-old.
older people find it harder to reach a deeper sleep - but they still need just as much. one of the most important measures is to avoid catnapping during the day. avoiding caffeine - coffee or tea - in the evening is also important.
bedlington lurcher named Twiglet suffered'serious hallucinogenic episode' after swallowing the unidentified substance. the four-year-old hound seemed to think he was being chased and had dilated pupils and bloodshot eyes after eating the drugs. after 45 minutes of drooling at the mouth uncontrollably, shaking and walking into walls Twiglet seemed back to normal following his 'trip'
lib dem leader tells children he was better at languages and art when he was at school. he will use tomorrow's manifesto launch to promise a'stronger economy' accuses tories of wanting to embark on unnecessarily deep cuts.
cui Hongfang, 73, hit the back of her head on a corner of the stone wall. police have ruled the tragedy an accident, although they are still investigating.
Sarah Harper was in a relationship with Christopher Lane, 22, when he was gunned down while visiting in the city of Duncan in august 2013. he was born in Melbourne, Australia, but was in the united states on a baseball scholarship when chancey Allen Luna allegedly murdered him. the couple had returned from a trip to australia just two days earlier.
after his speech in his former constituency of Sedgefield, the former pm made an appearance at a private fundraising dinner for 15 labour target seats. despite the fact that Blair has a record of three general election victories, only one Shadow Cabinet minister, Chuka Umunna, could be bothered to attend. the programme for the dinner, held in an Indian banquet hall in less-than-glamorous Morden high street, south London, was littered with errors.
two strangers living just an hour apart in Ireland discovered they were identical twins this week. a 26-year-old from Dublin found her 'twin stranger' last week in Karen Branigan, 29. two male university students, also in london, and two retired men in Essex also found their doppelgängers.
sadly, horses, ponies and donkeys are being abandoned in record numbers. many of them once much-loved family pets are being abandoned. animal welfare charities are full to capacity, leaving them increasingly helpless.
the Philippines voiced alarm about Chinese 'aggressiveness' in the area as it launched the Balikatan 2015 joint Philippines and US military exercises. the aerial images show intense recent Chinese construction over seven reefs and shoals in the Spratly archipelago. previous satellite images revealed that China has made rapid progress in building an airstrip suitable for military use on the contested Fiery Cross reef.
the 23-year-old mother dropped the bombshell last year that Phil was not her father. she was told one of three men could be her father on the Jeremy Kyle Show. determined to find out the truth, the pair went on the iTV show to find out.
hedione activates the hypothalamus - an area of the brain responsible for triggering the release of sex hormones in women. hedione - derived from the Greek word 'hedone', for fun, pleasure, lust - has a fresh jasmine-magnolia scent.
lesbian couple, Melanie and Vanessa Iris Roy, decided to each carry a child one year apart in order to start a family. they took photos at each stage of their respective pregnancies, recording when their first child, a son Jax, was born followed by their daughter Ero, a year later. the couple uploaded the images to Instagram and they quickly became an unexpected internet sensation almost overnight.
the pioneering camera innovator clinched the title after being granted 4.5 million restricted stock units - valued at $284.5 million - at the end of the year. it won him the top spot on the annual Bloomberg Pay Index. slumping to second place, Chenerie Energy's chief executive Charif Souki was valued at $281 million.
family-of-six pictured driving through city of San Miguel de Tucuman. man pictured holding handlebars while three young children straddle petrol tank. police are also hunting a family of seven seen riding on same motorbike.
nine lots to go under the hammer at bonhams auction house in london. among the most striking are rings, bracelets, pendants and earrings. a pair of gold hoop earrings, thought to be 2,400 years old, expected to fetch £5,000.
Barcelona-based booking platform ByHours allows users to organise stays of three, six and 12 hours. it has already got 25 hotels in the capital on board. the company's objective is to acquire more hotels in the capital during the next few months.
Justin D. Smith, 18, and 20-year-old Efrain Diaz appeared briefly via video link from jail while their attorneys entered their pleas of not guilty in the death of a 22-year-old university of Kentucky student. the men are charged with murder and robbery in the fatal shooting of the young Ohio native in the early morning hours friday. the coroner's office said Krueger died of a gunshot wound to the chest.
John Helinski, 62, lived in a cardboard box at a bus stop for three years. he struggled to apply for a place at a homeless shelter because all of his personal identification had been stolen. a cop and a case manager then looked into his past, and found a bank account with money and enough social security benefits to buy his own house. he said: 'i just managed on my own. sleeping underneath the benches there and no one would see me'
a crowdfunding campaign started by supporters raised more than $842,000 with donations from 29,160 contributors in 48 hours. 'it's a relief to get going again and try to get back to normal,' said Kevin O'Connor, owner of Memories Pizza. he closed the shop for eight days after comments by him and his daughter, Crystal, to a local television station supporting a new religious objections law. the law, which has since been revised, sparked a boycott of Indiana.
Naomi Jacobs woke up one morning believing she was 15 years old. she had been struck with transient global amnesia, a form of memory loss brought on by stress that had wiped the 'episodic' part of her memory. she thought it was 1992, when she was about to sit her GCSEs. but when her son bounded up to her yelling'mum' she succumbed to 'total shock'
recorder Philip cattan, 65, fell asleep during rape trial of John Quingley. retrial ordered and child had to give evidence for a second time. while jury was out of room, judge was confronted with claim he had slept. he was reprimanded by his bosses for falling asleep during cross-examination.
Kyli, 29, was 26 when she first started experiencing agonizing pain whenever she ate, a symptom doctors initially brushed off as being due to a mild pancreatic problem. she was eventually diagnosed with chronic pancreatitis, and the north carolina resident found herself looking at a lifetime spent on a feeding tube. within months she dropped to a startling 80lbs, she revealed to Cosmopolitan.com, and had to postpone her wedding as she spent more and more time
photo was taken in Kanagawa prefecture, japan, 'nearby some samurai tombs' a reddit user who posted it online insisted it was 'not photoshopped' he suggested they appeared to be'samurai boots to me'
kestrel and barn owl repeatedly lunged at each other in vicious fight. owl came out victorious, forcing kestrel to seek alternative home.
mother-of-one, Alice Dreger, took to twitter to express her outrage at what she heard during a lesson at eastlansing high school. 'the whole lesson here is "sex is part of a terrible lifestyle. Drugs, unemployment, failure to finish school -- sex is part of the disaster",' she wrote. the school has denied teaching abstinence, saying it just happened to be that day's lesson.
a cloud formation resembling the global symbol for wifi appeared recently in the sky of Xiangtan city in Hunan province. the global symbol has one dot and three curved lines radiating from it.
asabi barner, 37, is suing black ink tattoo parlor in Harlem, new york for a chest tattoo that left her disfigured and in pain. the parlor's owner and artists star in their own reality show, black ink crew, which has had three seasons. barner says she went to the parlor after watching the reality show and trusted the artists, who specialize in tattooing on dark skin tones. the next day she noticed that the tattoo started to puss and ooze in the
'i don’t want my heart to be chained to the situations that I went through,' she said at the Cleveland Rape Crisis Center's Faces of Change luncheon on Wednesday. 'i want to overcome and flourish and rise above all that,' she said. she was signing copies of her memoir, Finding Me: a Decade of Darkness, a Life Reclaimed, when she revealed that she does have a boyfriend.
photos taken between 1900 and 1911 during the Qing dynasty show landmarks almost devoid of visitors. they are a far cry from modern-day Beijing, which is visited by tens of millions of domestic and international tourists every year.
on asapSCIENCE on YouTube, the pair discuss how being the first, middle, youngest, or an only child affects us. first-born children are expected to be higher academic achievers and more ambitious. they also tend to have a stronger sense of responsibility and are generally more mature.
rodrigo de freitas lake is set to host the Olympic rowing and canoeing events during next year's Games. over the past week, thousands of the silver fish have died and have been scooped out of the lake. but city authorities and biologists have argued about the cause of the deaths.
pregnant women with hyperemesis gravidarum are more likely to have language and speech delays, and attention disorders, a new study claims. about 10,000 women a year in the uk are affected by the debilitating morning sickness.
Veronica ‘Roni’ Gonzalez and fiancee Ely Alba Gonzalez were returning from engagement party when they stopped on Interstate 30 to help a group in trouble. of the 13 people injured, one later died in hospital from their wounds. Veronica and her sister, who has not been identified, were both killed in the horrific accident which involved eight to ten vehicles.
mountain lion, known as P-22, was found by workers in the crawlspace at noon on monday. he has so far resisted all attempts to get him to move out - including firing tennis balls and bean bags at it. it is thought he crossed the 405 and 101 freeways to get to his home in the hills.
flakka, which can be injected, snorted, smoked, swallowed or taken with other substances like marijuana, is usually made from the chemical alpha-PVP. that's the synthetic version of the stimulant cathinone, the same type of chemical that is used to make bath salts. once ingested, the drug causes a feeling of euphoria, hallucinations and sometimes psychosis or apparent superhuman strength.
photographs show teenagers and people in their early 20s kissing in public, drinking alcohol and living openly gay lifestyles. some of those pictured are even seen wearing clothing adorned with the stars and stripes. young people represent the largest societal bloc in Iran, with over 63 per cent of the country's population under 30.
the 'Bodega Iniesta' vineyard in Castilla-La Mancha can be rented out for €125 (£90) a night. guests can enjoy the fireplace with a glass of wine, relax on the couch or stroll among the vines. breakfast food is provided for the duration of the stay, as well as towels and an extra set of sheets.
Shiba the dog uses his nose and paw to open a sliding glass window. he is often found napping on the job or snacking on a cucumber under the counter. his owner has trained him to open the window when customers ring a bell. he said business has picked up since the videos went viral.
'Our Planet' will focus on the Earth's last wilderness areas and the animals living there. eight-part series will take four years to make and is planned for a 2019 debut for Netflix customers internationally.
model and actress, 27, unveiled summer collection for brand today. shows off summer dresses embellished with lace and feminine florals. has been chanelling her passion for fashion into Lipsy ranges for years.
a young woman who was subjected to years of abuse by Bega cheese boss Maurice van Ryn has told a court of the severe impact it had on her life. she kept what he did to her a secret until she found out he had been caught. the wealthy NSW businessman has pleaded guilty to 12 sex offences, including the most serious charge of persistent sexual abuse of a child. 'he has stolen my right to share my body with someone for the first time,'
survey found that men in special operations do not believe women can meet the physical and mental demands of their commando jobs. they fear the Pentagon will lower standards to integrate women into their elite units, according to interviews and documents.
images were taken by the Osiris camera on the Rosetta spacecraft from a distance of 47 miles (75km) on 12 March. they show a jet erupting from the dark side of comet 67P Churyumov-Gerasimenko. jet may have been caused by a wave of heat reaching ice trapped under the surface, causing an explosion of material. but such activity has only been spotted on the day-side of the comet - not the night.
Diane James, Ukip's justice spokesman, applauded Putin's nationalist credentials. argued he was forced into invading Ukraine because of the eu. she is considered to be a potential successor of Nigel farage.
the driver of a van struck and killed a 2-year-old who ran in front of his van in Milwaukee, Wisconsin on sunday evening. while at the scene an unidentified gunman shot Brown and a 15-year-old boy dead - though it's not clear what his connection to the incident was. the driver's father identified him as father-of-four Archie Brown Jr, to the Milwaukee Journal Sentinel. a local alderman suggested that the shooting was carried out in revenge
more than 730,285 reddit users have pressed The Button since the firm launched its r/thebutton thread on April Fool's day. it is not yet known what happens when the timer reaches zero because no-one can resist clicking it. purple flairs are awarded between 52 and 60 seconds. blue flairs are awarded between 42 and 51 seconds, green flairs are between 32 and 41 seconds, yellow flairs are between 22 and 31 seconds, and orange flairs are between 12 and 21
signs feature portraits of Clinton with phrases including 'Don't Say Secretive', 'Don't Say Entitled' and 'Don't Say Ambitious' the signs appear to be a dig at a group of Clinton supporters who said it would be on the lookout for evidence of sexism in reporting about the democratic politician.
four-month-old Roscoe was caught on camera this week at the Asheville Humane Society in North Carolina taking some of his first steps. the rescue pup was born with a deformity which caused his front to legs to be bent backwards at the knees.
the last two 'Doolittle Tokyo Raiders' presented the group's Congressional Gold Medal to the museum's director on Saturday. the medal, which was awarded by Congress earlier in the week, arrived in a ceremonial B-25 flight. retired Lt col Richard 'Dick' Cole, 99, gave the medal to the museum's director in a ceremony attended by military and political officials and relatives of the original 80 Raiders.
detectives investigating killing of David King, 70, from newham, east London. pensioner retired to Normandy 15 years ago and was found dead last week. an unnamed 28-year-old frenchman has been charged with his murder. alleged killer was living rough in the area and is thought to be behind thefts.
Robert Charles Bates, 73, shot and killed Eric Courtney Harris, 44. he was trying to buy drugs and a gun from undercover police officers. he 'ran up trying to get the situation under control' and fired one shot.
some celebrities will choose comfort over style when pregnant. others will use the opportunity to complete transform the way they dress. others will simply ignore the fact they're pregnant.
one-year-old Anna and six-year-old Indi have been surfing since they were 10 weeks old. they use their low centre of gravity to keep them stable while hanging ten off the coast of Queensland, australia. Indi, who won a runners-up medal, has been trained to lift her paw to 'hang five'
yobs - some shirtless - sung and swore their way from Glasgow to Alicante. abused fellow passengers and airline staff and refused to sit down. video footage shows female passenger arguing and grappling with group.
jobless 33-year-old has not worked since the age of 19. miss Broom, of Gillingham, has claimed more than £100,000 in benefits. now wants an extra £10,000 to fund her dream 'traditional english wedding'
one-eyed police murderer is on hunger strike for the second time in a bid to be moved from prison to a secure psychiatric hospital. the 31-year-old was reportedly transferred to solitary confinement in a month ago after being caught smuggling a mobile phone and cannabis into his prison cell. he was jailed for life after shooting police officers Fiona Bone and Nicola Hughes in 2012.
presenter said: 'if you're one of the people sending death threats to Sue perkins, could you please do the world a much bigger favour by killing yourself' perkins, who became a favourite to replace ousted Jeremy Clarkson after a flurry of bets, recently announced she was leaving twitter as a result of the abuse.
marathon rider Ruslan Bazarov, 28, suffered pelvic injuries and a broken leg. he was taking part in the first 100 kilometre ride of the season of the Baltic star club. the truck sounded its horn and flashed by as he pedaled past a junction. the truck continued along the road for 100 metres before it was stopped.
pet owners admit they spend hours watching the box with their animals. two thirds of goldfish owners put the bowl in sight of the television. micro pig lets their pet watch four hours of shows per day - or 28 hours a week.
the 13th century castle in the Dordogne sits on 46 hectares and is on the market for £703,400. the 14-bedroom home also features 14 bathrooms and its own suit of armour. the castle was completely refurbished in the 19th century and again in 2002.
convicted felon, 53, robbed a bank in Merrillville, indiana, last year. he had served 12 and a half years in prison for a 2000 bank robbery. he was on probation and served 286 more days before he decided he needed to go back to prison after his years free had left him without a job or a place to stay. after stealing roughly $1,000 with a bank robbery note on the back of his resume,
a third of 10-11 year olds and more than a fifth of 4-5 year olds in england are overweight or obese. repeat prescriptions before the age of two also raised the odds of being a fat toddler.
around 50 obese pupils at Jianxin Primary School, in eastern china, are being put through their paces by instructors every day after school. teachers set up the classes after a survey revealed 5 per cent of the school's 800 pupils were obese, including one 11-year-old who weighs 180lbs. the classes are named after a dreamworks film of the same name, in which an overweight panda becomes a kung fu master.
prince will take full fortnight of paternity leave when his second child is born. he became most senior member of the royal family to work as an ordinary PAYE employee when he became a pilot for east Anglian air ambulance.
the intruder was arrested after climbing into the grounds of the president's home at 10.25pm. the package was examined and 'deemed harmless', according to a report. last month a knife-wielding man managed to scale the fence on the north side and get into the white house itself via an unlocked door.
investigators found that a number of flavors were labeled 'healthy' - brimming with fiber, protein and antioxidants, while being low in fat and sodium. however, upon closer inspection, it was found that 'none of the products met the requirements to make such content claims' and were in fact'misbranded'
gyro-copter flew 80 miles from Gettysburg, Pennsylvania, to the west lawn of the capitol in washington on tuesday. the pilot, a postal worker from florida, was interviewed by the secret service almost two years ago. he landed without injuries to anyone, but the incident raises questions about how someone could be allowed to fly all the way up to the capitol. 'we've got to find the right balance between living in a free and open
labour has previously predicted that the coalition's austerity programme would see unemployment and crime soar. but in each case, the opposite has happened - and last night the leader was challenged over whether this called into question the judgment of him and his team. the refusal to accept that he had been proved wrong since the election came in a combative interview with Evan Davis on the BBC's newsnight.
Patrick and Valerie Jubb are attempting to sell the four-bedroom property. they bought the property in 2008 and closed it a year ago as they moved forward. the town hall ruled that the alterations, including a swimming pool, were illegal. the couple say they have done nothing wrong but face losing the estate.
subreddit, Find Boston Bombers, was set up by reddit moderator, Chris Ryves. thousands of users took to subreddit on day of bombings, and days later, hurled false accusations at spectators who had been wearing backpacks. claims led to 22-year-old sunil tripathi, who was missing, being wrongly identified as bomber. now, Ryves has told of his regrets about subreddit - which he says nearly
infamous shepherds pie-trifle combination immortalised on popular show 16 years ago. features ladyfingers, jam, custard, lamb, peas, onions, whipped cream and sprinkles. now mancunian has whipped up their own version of the disgusting dessert.
BMW Mini’s answer to google glass is designed to let drivers of its Mini model see pop-up virtual displays for showing directions and other features. goggles will go on show at the Auto Shanghai show and generate ‘screens’ showing information that only the wearer can see. for example, the goggles can project navigation information with arrows onto the roads, as well as showing speed limits. an icon is shown on the smartphone-linked display when the wearer receives a text message and the message can be read
the son of the late Attorney General is a vaccine critic and is trying to stop a bill in the state that would make childhood immunizations mandatory. the documentary purports that there is a connection between thimerosal - a chemical found in several childhood vaccines - and a rise in autism among american children. 'this is a holocaust, what this is doing to our country,' he said.
asif malik, 31, his partner Sara Kiran, 29, and their four children were spotted on CCTV boarding a cross-channel ferry from Dover earlier this month. police believed they arrived in Calais, France, before travelling south down through Europe in a bid to flee to Syria. but a Turkish official claimed today that the couple had been arrested in Ankara and are currently in custody with their four children. the family of six have been missing from their home in Slough, Berkshire, since
Kym Ackerman, 32, saw the son of God in an x-ray of one her left-side molars when she went for a dental check-up in Flagstaff, Arizona. she spotted the image and pointed it out to both the dentist and hygienist. the dentist didn't find any cavities during the check-up and Ackerman has vowed to keep her mouth, and especially that holy molar, healthy.
Jeremy Clarkson has agreed to keep quiet about his sacking so the shows can go ahead. motoring show looked like it may face the axe following fracas with producer. the BBC decided not to renew his contract and cancelled what remained of the latest series of top gear. but the corporation and the presenter have reached an agreement over the remaining live shows.
the world's third-largest joint ship, owned by royal Caribbean, is expecting more than 80,000 people to travel on board this summer. on board, guests will experience robotic bartenders, be able to take part in circus skills training activities and even go on a virtual sky dive. there are 18 distinctive on board restaurants, ranging from traditional american to Jamie's Italian, a traditional pub and Japanese cuisine.
mark lippert was slashed in the face with a fruit knife by a south Korean man in march. he suffered a gash to his face that required 80 stitches. 'it is unbearable insult and mockery against us and a laughable and brazen charge that cannot be justified,' he said. the north's committee for the Peaceful Reunification of Korea said Lippert's remarks were proof that Washington was intent on hostility.
queen letizia, 42, attended a conference for rare childhood diseases. wore a white trouser suit with a blush-coloured silk top and woven clutch. made her way into the science museum, CosmoCaixa, in a relaxed manner.
nearly half of those with severe allergies live in daily fear of suffering a reaction. but many Britons are unaware of the seriousness of the condition, says study. two-thirds would not know how to help if they saw someone suffering an allergic reaction. hospital admissions for allergies increased by 8% between 2013 and 2014.
Tom Moffatt, 27, inked 'Riley' - the name of his four-year-old son - into his arm. but instead of 'L', he started needling 'P' and had to'scribble' attempted to mark himself with Riley's nickname 'Sonny Boy' - but ended up scratching 'Sony Boy' across his knuckles instead.
a kidnapping in south Carolina was thwarted because the would-be abductor, 27-year-old Demetri Nelson, couldn't operate a manual stick shift in the victim's car, police said. deputies said Nelson broke into a 53-year-old woman's home and demanded money. once they got there, Nelson told the woman to get into the trunk of the car.
mother-of-two, 45, fled her home in Chatham, Kent, with her 10-year-old son. she is believed to have been filmed leading women fighters in a hate-filled chanting session in Raqqa, the terror group's de facto capital. experts say the slicky-edited video is the first'real evidence' which shows she is involved with the brigade at a 'high level'
Ellie, 10, and Taylor, 5, lost their eight-year-old brother Harvey last year. when Easter approached they decided to donate all their eggs to hospital. kind strangers began to send eggs - and now there are more than 1,000. some donations have come from as far afield as the us, with many from Ireland and Scotland and the length and breadth of england.
alaa Abdullah Esayed posted 45,600 tweets in less than a year. some included pictures of dead bodies and encouraging children to fight. 22-year-old pleaded guilty to encouraging terrorism and disseminating terrorist publications.
mitzi Neyens, 77, was the last link in a chain of 34 kidney transplants--the world's longest such chain to date. she received a kidney after her husband gave his kidney to someone else in need. in turn, she received an organ from Matt Crane, 55, who's wife Michele's Type 1 diabetes caused her to need a new kidney, which she received thanks to her husband's donation.
a 'blob' of warm water 2,000 miles across is sitting in the Pacific Ocean. since last June it has extended from Alaska to Mexico. it has been present since 2013 and causing fish to seek shelter elsewhere. and a new university of washington study says it could be responsible for droughts. it found that a high-pressure ridge could be causing the blob. this traps heat in the water and could herald a warmer summer for some regions.
witness Robert Kushner lost his varsity coaching job at the Jack M. Barrack Hebrew Academy after testifying this week about his years selling marijuana. he told jurors Tuesday that some of the undercover officers on trial had stolen $81,000 in cash and 7 pounds of marijuana from him during a 2007 arrest.
andre Cole, 52, became the third convicted killer put to death this year in Missouri. he was executed by lethal injection at 10.15pm on Tuesday at the eastern reception, diagnostic and correctional center in Bonne Terre. he declined to order a last meal and received the day's inmate tray meal of a turkey and bologna sandwich, a cookie and fruit punch.
fighters clashed briefly with members of one of Yemen's largest brigades. militants then seized control of the Riyan airport and moved to secure their hold on the city's main sea port, which is also an oil terminal.
Hamdi Ulukaya was once a Turkish immigrant with dreams of making it big in the u.s. food industry. his American-born ex, Dr. Ayse Giray, sued him in 2012 on claims her family lent him $500,000 that helped make his dreams a reality. on April 10, after years of wrangling and a pronouncement by Giray's camp just last month, Ulukaya settled for an unknown sum.
human rights lawyer claims people are being killed for organs in china. harrowing details revealed in documentary Human Harvest: china's organ trafficking. one former medical student revealed how 'blood was still running' as he cut through a body while a health worker told how her husband had removed corneas from 2,000 people while they were still alive.
David King, 70, had not been seen for six months in the hamlet of Pierres. he retired there from his job as an engineer some 15 years ago. on October 27, he went to tea with friends living close to his home. he is thought to have got into an argument with one, aged 28.
photographer Amos Chapple travelled the world between 2012 and 2014 when it was easier to take aerial pictures using a drone. the authorities in charge of sites and cities like that have introduced tough new regulations to stop similar pictures being taken in the future.
Manuel Delisle, the man accused of the road rage incident involving a chainsaw, has pleaded not guilty to armed assault on Tuesday. Karine Cyr recorded the confrontation on Sunday as she was vacationing with her husband and their two children. after the video was posted at 7pm on Sunday night it has been shared over 30,000 times and has over 1 million views.
the 19-year-old model, who suffers from vitiligo, was pictured hand-in-hand with albino fashion star Shaun Ross on Tuesday night. the pair attended a launch event for popular magazine at Siren Studios in Hollywood, california.
the action-packed photographs were captured by Roger Byng, 67, on the wetlands surrounding the Severn estuary in slimbridge, Gloucester.
two months after announcing that he is leaving The Daily Show, Stewart has revealed that he decided to quit because he was becoming increasingly depressed watching cable news. 'watching these channels all day is incredibly depressing. I think of us as turd miners. I put on my helmet, I go and mine turds, hopefully I don't get turd lung disease,' he said. he also confessed that his'moments of dissatis
doctor was taken to westmead hospital in Sydney's west on Saturday. he had developed symptoms of a influenza-like illness. the humanitarian doctor had been working at an australian-run clinic. he returned to australia on friday where he stayed at an airport hotel.
there is an insufficient supply of whooping cough vaccine in australia. however, medical professionals insist the resource shortage will not affect the immunisation programs for babies, children and pregnant women. it comes less than a month after the death of 32-day-old Riley who died after contracting whooping cough. his parents are now leading a campaign, urging adults to vaccinate themselves and their children to prevent more infant deaths from the terrible disease.
ukip leader calls on conservatives to vote tactically for him in seats where they cannot win. dropped demand that the tories ditch pm before any post election deal.
more and more stars are opting to ditch their bras when it comes to day-to-day clothing. Rita ora and Nicole Scherzinger both left the bra at home when attending A-List parties recently. the bra-less trend is also a big feature on red carpets.
62-year-old paedophile was jailed for 13-and-a-half years for sexually assaulting girl. his daughter, 20-year-old Becky Handley, discovered his crimes online. she has disowned him and wants to change her name via deed poll. 'i really feel bad for this young girl and I really hope that she gets through it,' she said.
Nathan Priestley, 21, from Norwich, was once dubbed ‘Jabba the Hutt’ by bullies. became so depressed over his size he refused to leave his house for a year. was 18 when he took an overdose of 30 pills, but survived, ironically, because he hadn’t taken enough to defeat his massive frame. following his suicide attempt, something snapped in Nathan and he made the decision to stop wallowing in self-pity and turn his life around
judge Olu Stevens was sentencing Gregory Wallace to five years' probation after he and his accomplice, Marquis McAfee, robbed Tommy and Jordan Gray's Louisville home in 2013. police report that the thieves pointed a gun in the face of the couple's three-year-old before making off with $1,100 in cash, a cell phone, wallet and small amount of marijuana belong to the couple. in victim impact statement's prepared for the sentencing of Wallace, the
'we will be subjected to all kinds of distractions and attacks,' she told reporters after a roundtable event at a children's furniture factory. she also took issue with economic views expressed by members of her own party, offering a dark assessment of a'stalled out' U.S. recovery. 'it's not enough just to tread water,' she said.
the skeleton of a giant prehistoric meat-eating bird has been discovered. it has been named Llallawavis scagliai - meaning'scaglia's Magnificent Bird' it was so well preserved that scientists have been able to study part of the bird's auditory system and its trachae. they say that while it had a terrifying apperance, its hearing was probably below average compared to birds living today.
heart patients who expressed gratitude had better mental and physical health. study involved men and women diagnosed with Stage B heart failure. patients who were more grateful had lower markers of inflammation.
the I'm UP Alarm can be set to go off at a certain time the night before. it will then only turn off if you physically get out of bed and scan a QR code. the app uses a form of barcode that the cameras of mobile phones are able to detect.
the pilot scheme will recruit 10 people with autism or Asperger syndrome. they will be based at Microsoft's Redmond offices in washington. if successful, the scheme could extend to more vacancies worldwide. the plans were announced by Mary Ellen Smith, corporate vice president of worldwide operations.
'Double wife killer' Harold Henthorn was charged with the murder of second wife, Toni Bertolet, 51, last November. police have since reopened their investigation into the suspicious death of his first wife, Lynn Rishell, some 20 years earlier. both women died in 'freak accidents' to which Henthorn, 59, was the sole witness. newly filed documents reveal that he is fighting for a $1.5million pay out from a policy taken out on his second wife
actress says the duchess of cambridge is 'our generation's suffragette' 'i'm not going to be forced to look different every time I go out. she's like our generation's suffragette,' she said.
uno, a three-week old kitten, and Louie, a full-grown dog, were together at home in Spokane, Washington, earlier this month.
Mario Valencia took a rifle from a Walmart in Tuscon, ariz. on february 19. he was able to start firing it as soon as he left, which should have been impossible due to the gun locks that are required on all weapons. police were even told the gun was locked by employees at the store as they pursued Valencia, but just seconds later he began firing into the air. when the gun was later recovered, it was discovered the wire was loose, and only wrapped through the gun
a vigilante group has taken to the streets of Brisbane to protest van hire company Wicked Campers' offensive slogans. the slogans include, 'In every princess, there's a little sl*t who wants to try it just once' the vans also feature cartoon paintings of novelty penises, breasts with the slogan 'random breast testing' and sexualised images of men and women. the women have started arming themselves with spray paint and removing the slogans.
the teenager from Grimsby hanged himself five months after his mother died. he wore his mother's bandana around the house and sprayed her perfume. his mother, Alison Overton, lost her battle with leukaemia in august last year. the 14-year-old had been settling in well at school following his mother's death. on the day of his death, he told his grandmother to bring him home some chicken nuggets.
the two famous wrestlers, Balla Gaye 2 and Eumeu Sene, competed in the crunch match dubbed 'Le Choc' at Demba Diop Stadium in the capital of Dakar. after a brutal and closely fought encounter, the burly Sene emerged victorious.
14% rise in men opting to work part-time as they become more involved in childcare. this compares to 4% rise in women choosing part-time work over same period. follows a sharp rise in number of stay-at-home fathers.
a picture, believed to be the only image of the civil war ironclad, the CSS Georgia has been revealed to be a fake. John Potter, from Savannah, has admitted forging the picture with his brother in the 1980s and placing it in a frame which now holds a picture of his dead dog. he passed on the image on to the Georgia Historical Society and the photo became an unofficial part of the ship's history.
three more political parties have backed campaign to add first aid to curriculum. charities say move could prevent hundreds of deaths every year. labour, ukip and the green party added their support last week. shadow health secretary said issue was 'close to his heart'
94,872 residents and 42,424 employees live within the tsunami hazard zones of the three states. also in danger are 486 public venues, 440 dependent care facilities and 2,314 businesses with a'significant customer presence'
Qantas could be fined £20,000 for every time the A380 sets down more than fifteen late on the tarmac at heathrow. the airline has slipped to an on time ranking of 75 out of 80 airlines that use the busy airport.
the Countess of Wessex wore a beret-style percher hat with dark plumes. the elder daughter of the Duke of York and Sarah Ferguson opted for a blue hat. autumn Phillips, 36, wife of the queen's grandson, wore a floral dress. lady Louise Windsor, the countess’ 11-year-old daughter, made up the ladies.
former prime minister says he is 'absolutely not' in 'the league of the super-rich' claims he is now more interested in working at a 'global level' claims he has 'done British' and is'very lucky' to have multi-million pound earnings.
Bryan Morseman, 29, from Bath, new york, started his streak at the Montgomery Marathon in Alabama on March 14. he ran the Tobacco Road Marathon in cary, north carolina, the next morning because it was one the way home to new york. a week later he placed first at the Yeungling Shamrock Marathon in Virginia Beach. in total, the full-time precious metal clerk earned $5,750 in winnings from the races, all of which will go toward medical treatment for his nine
police have identified 25 people who claim he attacked them. each could claim for up to £100,000. one man, allegedly attacked by Janner, has already instructed lawyers to sue him and Leicestershire county council for damages.
the 32-year-old father has been charged with administering a dangerous drug to a minor. he was refused access to his daughter, who is battling a rare form of cancer called neuroblastoma. he has spoken out in the hope that he can persuade the government to rethink their cannabis laws and drop the charges against him.
the president and his wife, Michelle, paid more than $93,000 in federal taxes last year. their effective tax rate was 19.6 percent, the returns show. the Obamas lowered their 2014 tax bill by claiming nearly $160,000 in itemized deductions.
the trio were struggling to make ends meet a year ago when they came up with the idea of filming themselves miming to music. in march, their parody of queen's bohemian Rhapsody went viral, quickly racking up millions of hits on YouTube and Facebook. their original video, 'Bohemian Carsody', and the follow-up, 'Mime Through Time' have now garnered 260 million views across several social media platforms including YouTube and Facebook.
Alexandra Harra, 28, has a BA degree in creative writing and classics. she is a life coach, a writer for the huffington post and an author. recently dyed her hair black to look more like the reality star.
damage to the right sagittal stratum in the right hemisphere of the brain was the only independent predictor of sarcasm recognition. stroke survivors often suffer damage to this area of the brain and struggle to recognise when family and friends are being sarcastic.
13-year-old Melissa Borg left her Baulkham Hills home at 7:30am on Thursday. she made her way to the hills sports high school in seven hills. her father found no sign of her and reported her missing to police. police have been assisting her family with the investigation.
marine le pen accuses her father of trying to sabotage her party's efforts to move into the political mainstream. she has blocked her father's return to the party following accusations that he was trying to sabotage her party's efforts. tensions escalated last week after the 86-year-old founder of the far-right party defended his previous comments describing Nazi gas chambers as a 'detail of history'
eyeko is just one brand taking advantage of the trend with the launch of its new Bespoke Mascara (£28) customers can choose between dozens of brush shapes - from thick wands for a dramatic Sixties look to skinnier ones for lengthened, separated lashes. foundation, too, is set to see a surge in personalisation.
three flights from Mumbai to London were diverted in just over 24 hours. an Airbus A321 from Baku, Azerbaijan to London was forced to return to where it had set out from only 11 minutes after a 9.20pm local time departure. a spokesperson for the airline denied there was a fire.
the move is an apparent attempt to delay the trial of 57-year-old Jane Laut in the 2009 killing of her husband. Laut claims she wrestled a gun from her abusive husband after he became intoxicated and said he was going to kill her after he killed their 10-year-old son and their dogs. the couple were high school sweethearts and married for 29 years.
the law student answered 10 questions in the final of the quiz show. he helped gonville and caius College, Cambridge defeat magdalen. viewers were astounded by his general knowledge prowess. but he admits he had help from some unlikely sources.
soaring popularity of home coffee machines has led to increasing waste. inventor took inspiration from sugar-coated sweets dispensed from gumball machines. Droops coffee maker will cost around £4 for a pack of 20 and machine will cost £80.
Claire Nugent, 43, and Nigel Morter, 47, have been married for 14 years. they restored a 1940s airfield control tower in Norfolk and now run it as a B&B.
senators voted 19-0 to give the white house some of, but not all of its asks, and left in a signature feature of the bill. it now goes to the full Senate, where it is could pass with a veto-proof majority of more than 66 lawmakers.
candice-Marie Fox was diagnosed with thyroid cancer in 2011. she underwent surgery and radiation treatment to'mop up' the cancer. but when a return visit revealed cancer cells had spread, she rejected conventional medical treatment in favour of a diet and lifestyle plan she discovered online. her diet involved drinking'morning juice', dipping into boxes of pineapples each hour and taking vitamins. critics have demanded 'irrefutable proof' that her'magic diet'
no other city in the world has as many buildings on the unesco world heritage list as Barcelona. the hotel arts is a glittering 44-storey skyscraper of glass and steel. it towers over the beaches and Port Olimpic as well as the old fishermen's quarter of Barceloneta.
the sapling was planted in January-Wabash Park in Ferguson, Missouri on Saturday as a dedication to the teenager. it was led by the black caucus of the american library association, which donated the tree. but by Sunday morning, the branches had been stripped, leaving just a shard of the trunk. a second tree that had been destroyed nearby was also vandalized.
millie-Belle diamond has 115,000 followers on her mother's social media account. the 14-month-old is the most followed baby under two in the world on instagram. on her first birthday, she smiled with her designer purse next to fancy dolls.
the 26-year-old is the youngest daughter of aristocrat Lady Mary-Gaye Curzon and entrepreneur Jeffrey Bonas. she dated prince Harry for two years until last April when they broke up.
little catalina from America was filmed emptying out the contents of the kitchen cabinets at home. standing in a frilly skirt with her arms crossed, she answers back at her father in a bid to get him to do the cleaning.
comedian was outraged when he came across picture of extreme huntress winner. 'what must've happened to you to make you want to kill a beautiful animal?' he tweeted. 'a standing giraffe is probably easier to hit than a "sitting duck"'
62-year-old was left homeless when storms hit staten island, new york, in 2012. but in aftermath she met the love of her life and won the lottery. she and partner Dennis Krauss moved from new york to a trailer park. the couple said they plan to spend their winnings on a new house.
the cocaine was seized by U.S. and Canadian forces in 19 separate incidents in the eastern Pacific ocean near Central and South America. it included a 1012-ton bust from a coastal freighter, the largest maritime drug interdiction in that area since 2009.
gemma the pit bull was filmed at home enthusiastically greeting a baby boy named Elliot with kisses. footage shows her lovingly licking the infant as he attempts to fend her away with his hands.
Nikki Kelly thought she was suffering from period cramps after a long journey. but when she made a dash for the bathroom, she found she was in labour. the 24-year-old gave birth to her son in 'three pushes' on the bathroom floor. she kept her size 8 figure throughout her pregnancy and had no cravings. she and partner have put an offer in on a house so they can live together.
it was revealed on friday that David Zaslav was compensated $156.1million for his role as CEO of Discovery Communications. this thanks to the success of television events like Shark Week, here comes honey boo boo and his running of networks like OWN. a large portion of that money comes from stocks, with Zaslav receiving $144million in awards for his six-year contract.
a 32-year-old man with a history of psychological problems has been arrested. he has been arrested in connection with the disappearance of his female lodger. the 55-year-old was reported missing by her brother after he was unable to contact her at the house in Majadahonda, a suburb of Madrid. police found blood and an industrial meat grinder at the house. at least two of the other missing tenants are thought to be women from Argentina.
two 18-year-old men were arrested for allegedly planning an 'ISIS inspired' attack on an anzac day ceremony in Melbourne. the men were 'associates' of Abdul Numan Haider, who was killed by police last year after he attacked officers with a knife. a friend of the young men who masterminded the plot has revealed the moment the two young men 'became radicalised' he claims the death of Haider was the moment 'we all became more radical
the thief posed as a member of the congregation of a church in the gorton area of the city. he also tried to steal the contents of two other elderly women's bags before fleeing. police have described the incident as 'appalling' and have released an e-fit image of the suspect.
man, 29, had been playing the game all day for six to eight weeks. had just left the military and was in between jobs when he tore the tendon. doctors said his case shows video games can numb people's pain.
Marie D'Argent claims she suffered vertebral disc trauma, whiplash and nightmares when the elevator at the Princeton complex dropped suddenly on October 9. the 55-year-old publicist says the fall also left her with a 'loss of libido','sexual discomfort and impairment' and 'curtailment of ­sexual adventurism' she recently filed a statement of claim at the County Court of Victoria to seek compensation for her injuries from the building owners' corporation and elevator service
mysterious sinkhole has appeared in a mountain on the outskirts of Xinjiang. heat has been measured at 792C (1457F) from two metres away. experts can't get close enough to determine how deep the hole is.
limit was cut from 80mg per 100ml of blood to just 50mg. effect of the drop in sales is so severe it is being blamed for a poor result. pub sales have dropped by 60 per cent when the new limit was introduced. publicans are now concerned the new laws will have a greater effect on bars and drinking establishments than the 2006 smoking ban.
a letter of thanks penned by Masters champion Jordan Spieth six years ago when he was on a scholarship at jesuit high school in Dallas has surfaced. the grateful golfer wrote the letter to the Murphy family who funded the scholarship that helped pay for his tuition. the 21-year-old impressed many following Sunday's big victory with his manners and affable manor as well as his golfing skills.
the eatery is the brainchild of culinary prodigy Grant Achatz. it features taffy balloons, edible tablecloths and cinnamon bark chopsticks. the top 10 featured four american restaurants which are all in new york.
recent data released by KAYAK.com.au has revealed that most Aussies are planning their mid-year getaways in Europe. number one choice is the ancient city of Athens in Greece, followed by Istanbul - the cultural and historical heart of Turkey. number of australians heading overseas has also increased in recent years, according to the Australian Bureau of Statistics.
co-pilot Andreas Lubitz locked captain out of cockpit before flying plane into mountain. girlfriend Anneli Tiirik, 23, said she did not blame co-pilot for death of bramley. she said she waited for him at Manchester airport before learning of crash. but she said: 'he would never have left me alone waiting like that'
prime minister will call the tories 'the party of working people' he will pledge discounts of up to 70 per cent to allow all 1.3million families in housing association properties to buy their home. subsidy will be funded by forcing councils to sell off their most expensive properties when they become vacant.
air force jets blitzed compounds in Gondodowe and Ismail, both in the gedo region bordering Kenya. cloud cover made it difficult to establish how much damage the bombings caused or estimate the death toll.
nurse long Yufang was threatened with a knife by a bare-chested man. accident and emergency doctor Lin Xikun offered to swap places with her. he reassured her: 'don't worry, i am not going to harm you'
the image of 'CEO Barbie' is the 96th result on the page when you enter the term 'CEO' you'll be presented with a grid of smiling men in suits, most of them stock images, with a few snaps of Steve Jobs thrown in. several high-powered women, including women's right campaigner Chelsea Clinton, have re-tweeted the results of the search.
Kevin Cooper and Trewen Kevern allegedly beat and killed David alderson. the 72-year-old was found dead in an abandoned copper mine in falmouth. police initially thought he died as a result of falling from his bike. but they lured him to a disused mine and killed him, a court heard.
the 26-year-old was last seen at her workplace in Leeton, 550km west of Sydney, at 11am on Easter Sunday. she sent an email from the school to a bus company arranging transport for guests for her upcoming wedding this weekend. her parents plan to hire a helicopter to join the desperate search for their daughter. they fear her disappearance has something to do with 'her car or foul play'
peachtree city police chief William McCollom called 911 to report accidentally shooting his ex-wife, Margaret, as they slept in their suburban Atlanta home. the shooting left Margaret McCollom paralyzed below the waist. investigators found no evidence McCollom intended to harm Margaret. however, the prosecutor said he concluded the shooting could have been prevented.
Royston coates posted pictures of himself posing in his cell on facebook. he is serving a 10-year sentence for attacking a man with a kitchen knife. prison authorities have shut down his account after being alerted to the messages. it is the second such incident to emerge within two days, after a murderer was filmed drinking prison hooch in jail.
the average woman will spend an eye-watering £18,000 on skincare products. many make common mistakes every single day that could lead to skin ageing. dermatologists shed some light on the classic mistakes women make.
curt almond, 26, from Bristol, spent at least £40 a week buying new boxers. he could slip into a new 'crisp pair' every day of the week. but after wiping out most of his savings, he realised it was 'boxers' he has now reverted back to normal routine of wearing and washing his boxers.
the 18th-century ballyfin is set at the foot of the Slieve Bloom Mountains in the centre of the country. the five-star hotel boasts a luxurious pool, which can be enjoyed with privacy due to its small volume of rooms. the couple were seen travelled by Mercedes to the hotel during their first holiday as a married couple, last year.
'kick and kill' vaccine could flush out dormant HIV hiding in white blood cells. could stimulate a person's immune system to identify and kill the cells. theory is based on a single patient case study.
labour leader visited the Gurdwara – a Sikh temple – during campaign tour. but his team banned national media journalists from the event. despite the fact that Gurdwaras are traditionally open to all. worshippers also banned from using cameras and phones to take pictures.
74-year-old's body was found at her home in the marina da Gama area of the city. her grandson reportedly climbed through a window when nobody answered the door. reports in south africa suggest the pensioner's attackers had mutilated her. she is survived by two daughters, three grandchildren and two great-grandchildren.
new analysis of Finnish education suggests pupil aptitude has declined. group work and independent study popular in the uk. but pupil aptitude has declined since country embraced fashionable methods. findings will add weight to arguments by former education secretary, Michael Gove.
man drops down on one knee as he proposes to his girlfriend inside a McDonald's. he places a diamond ring on her finger and the couple engage in a passionate embrace. the video was shot in an undisclosed city in the us.
images shared by bloodthirsty supporters of the terror group on social media. show victim lying in pool of blood with severed head resting on his back. one of those distributing images is a man claiming to be a jihadi. gruesome photographs understood to have been taken near Tikrit.
a six-year-old schoolgirl was pictured plopping her head down on her book. prime minister isn't the only politician guilty of causing kids to cringe. in 2011, labour leader Ed Miliband was pictured sipping tea from his cup. shadow Chancellor Ed Balls sat down to play make-believe with a girl.
the affluent suburbs of Potts Point, Rushcutters Bay and Elizabeth Bay make up nearly 60 percent of solo households. a quarter of australians have opted for solo living. 70 percent of the women are more likely to have a university degree than the men.
former heavyweight champion has offered to 'tweet anything' for $20. the 46-year-old shared the tweets with his 450,000 followers. he was once regarded as the best heavyweight fighter in the world.
Justin Whittington, 23, was arrested on friday and charged with child cruelty. but after interviews, his charge was changed from 'cruelty' to 'endangerment' on sunday he posted a message on facebook asking for his pregnant wife and son to be 'left out of this'
Fraser Ross, who founded the kitson fashion brand, is embroiled in a legal wrangle after being accused of swearing at staff in a los angeles store. the multi-millionaire, from Aberdeen, is in the midst of an ugly public battle over allegations he swore at workers. the company running the kitson branch in los angeles airport (LAX) has filed a lawsuit to end their business relationship.
Hannah McWhirter, 21, engaged in ménage a trois with co-worker and her husband. exchanged texts after threesome telling them how much she enjoyed herself. but when her boyfriend found out she had been raped she claimed she was raped. she appeared at Aberdeen Sheriff Court where she admitted wasting police time.
Keith Anthony Allen, 27, of Columbus pleaded not guilty Monday to charges including rape, felonious assault and gross sexual imposition. he is accused of raping two 12-year-old girls since September and fondling a third girl.
former soldier and his wife were sat in front room of their home in oldham. thugs began pelting his front window with stones when one brick smashed glass. he opened his front door to remonstrate with the attackers only to be struck in his left eye by another brick. he suffered an open wound to his forehead and a serious injury to his left eye. doctors were unable to save his eyesight meaning he is now blind in one eye.
destroyer with missiles, anti-aircraft guns and torpedoes entered the english channel yesterday. it forced the uk to send a heavily-armed frigate to monitor the vessels. just hours later, two Russian long-range bear bombers hugged British airspace. sources claim both incidents may have been an attempt to ‘snoop’ on a huge Nato war games exercise taking place in Scotland.
witness said front wheel of her bike was 'completely squashed' under lorry. incident happened close to Lambeth Bridge near the houses of parliament. fifth death of a cyclist in the capital this year - all involving lorries. cycle campaigners have organised a 'vigil and die-in' at the site.
north Charleston police officer Michael Slager can't be executed for shooting derad, 50, in the back because the killing did not include any of a list of 'aggravating circumstances' which state law says are conditions of the death penalty. dash cam footage of him discharging a Taser into a black man's back has been filed as part of an excessive force lawsuit. it shows him weighing in on an arrest in progress, announcing that he's going to Tase
the Robshaws sample insects in tonight's episode of BBC Two's back for dinner. they sampled cricket tacos, Asian worm stir fry, buffalo worm tart and cricket kebabs. two billion people worldwide already supplement their diet with insects.
maarij Khan and his mother are set to be removed from their home in Newcastle. 3,500 people have signed a petition to allow the schoolboy and his mother to stay in the country, where his 10-year-old brother Saffat is buried.
the black book of carmarthen is the earliest surviving medieval manuscript written solely in Welsh, and contains some of the earliest references to Arthur and Merlin. a 16th century owner of the book erased centuries' worth of additional verse, doodles and marginalia which had been added to it as it changed hands throughout the years. using ultraviolet light and photo editing software, the images were recovered.
family of a young italian woman who was killed in a horror car crash in Perth are pleading with the public to help them bring her body home. on Easter Monday, Martina Riccioni and her best friend Antoinettia Caffero, 21, were involved in a head-on collision when the car they were in veered into oncoming traffic. the 23-year-old was thrown from the passenger seat of the car and died at the scene of the accident after suffering catastrophic injuries.
the owner of the bunny Baker cafe in Manila etches customised caricatures into coffee froth at no extra cost to his clientele. graphic artist Zach Yonzon uses steamed milk and froth as the canvas upon which he creates his masterpieces. the tools of his unique trade include a spoon and a barbecue skewer, which he dips in dark chocolate.
estate agents were invited to value a house in an ordinary house in Enfield. the house was rigged with special effects to give the appearance of being possessed by a ghost. the pranks prompt hysterical reactions from the estate agents. one agent reacts by leaping into the air and retracting his arms. another reacts by lifting his hands up into the air in a protective stance.
a 'Facebook' party in Brisbane's south spiraled out of control on thursday. a small scuffle escalated into an all-in fight as more teenagers join in. police were called to disperse over 200 teenagers just before 10pm. four people have been arrested over the incident.
boy, 8, taken to hospital after falling victim to'sleeper' prank. he was suffocated until he passed out from lack of oxygen. police have now issued a warning to parents over the potentially fatal game. officers believe it is a new craze and have alerted parents.
the billionaire wife of former los angeles clippers owner Donald Sterling said she felt vindicated by the judge's ruling this week that Stiviano, 32, must return $2.6 million in sugar daddy gifts. but she insisted on Wednesday she didn't take them to court over the money. despite acknowledging marital problems, she said she and her husband never separated.
coronation street star's first trip to the city was with her aunt when she was 18. she and her boyfriend spent four nights in the city. one of their first stops was to pay their respects to those lost on 9/11.
the contraceptive is made with hydrogel, a strong and flexible solid. it can be made to feel and act like human tissue. the design will eventually offer functions like self-lubrication, topical drug delivery, and even electric conductivity. the team won a grant for a next generation condom in 2013.
Jack Henry Doshay, 22, appeared in court for the first time on friday as he pleaded not guilty to charges of kidnapping, false imprisonment with violence and child cruelty. noticeably absent from the court room were the suspect's parents, Karen and Glenn Doshay. doshay is the son of an influential local businessman who focuses on charitable causes with his wife.
the two marques finished bottom of a 38-strong table of vehicle manufacturers judged on reliability. Thousands of cars aged three to eight years old were assessed on failure rate, age, mileage and cost of repairs. most reliable was Honda, with Suzuki second and Toyota in third place.
homeland security and immigration and customs enforcement stormed properties associated with 239 crime syndicates. at least 913 have already been charged with a range of crimes including rape, murder and sexual assault. of the 1,207 arrested, 1,057 were males and 150 were females.
Jackson Byrnes, 18, has flown from Lismore in northern new south wales to Sydney for a risky operation to remove the tumour on his brain. renowned neurosurgeon Dr Charlie Teo is the only surgeon in australia willing to perform the operation. his family and friends have been desperately trying to raise $80,000 needed to pay the hospital upfront by Tuesday night. on Monday morning they reached the target on their GoFundMe page, but his mother says the family needs an additional $45,000 to cover chemotherapy and
Raghunandan Yandamuri, 29, of King of Prussia, Pennsylvania, is appealing his death penalty sentence for a murder. he was convicted in the 2012 slayings of 10-month-old Saanvi Venna and 61-year-old Satayrathi Venna. Yandamuri was a technology professional outside of Philadelphia and knew the baby's parents in what prosecutors called a botched kidnapping plot.
estimates suggest around 1,000 iOS apps are vulnerable to a flaw in connectivity software from AFNetworking. this includes Uber, Microsoft's OneDrive and Movies by Flixster. the flaw was first reported at the end of last month by security researchers Simone Bovi and Mauro Gentile and specifically applies to version 2.5.1 of AFNetworking. the researchers are asking readers to highlight any apps still at risk in the comments on its blog post.
mayoral candidate, 50, followed in great-great-uncle's footsteps by leaping off bridge. bungee jumped 160ft over the river Tees for a bet worth just a sixpence. he said: 'i screamed like a child as i was going down, but thoroughly enjoyed it'
Hundreds of mourners have gathered to farewell the three children who died when their mother's car crashed into a lake. Bol Manyang, one, his four-year-old sister Hanger and her twin brother Madit were laid to rest in tiny white coffins at St Andrew's church in Werribee on Saturday morning. their mother Akon Guode and father Joseph Tito Manyang sat in the church's front row, alongside older sister Awel, 5, who survived the horr
temple told 147 tigers must be handed over by friday or they will be seized. animal rights activists have been campaigning against the treatment of the tigers at the sanctuary for years.
tv presenter, 40, recently revealed her then boyfriend 'flirted with and felt up' Rebecca Romijn at a party over a decade ago. the couple were pictured together on the red carpet at the Maxim Magazine Hot 100 party in 2004.
Ian Harris, 51, is a member of the Church of the Flying Spaghetti Monster. his followers, known as Pastafarians, regard the colander as a religious garment. he is challenging the DVLA over his right to wear it in his licence photo.
the curious canine kitchen is a 'holistic restaurant for four-legged friends' menu was devised by event organiser and spiritual dog trainer Natty Mason. foodie Fidos will be treated to a five-course drinks-paired set menu.
the 12-inch water main broke around 6:45pm at 13th Street and Seventh Avenue in Manhattan. around 500 riders were soon forced out of the subway. officials said there was no 1, 2 or 3 train service in both directions between Chambers Street and Times Square/42nd Street.
a desperate Ted Koran, 59, called the Veterans Suicide Hotline on saturday. he said he was put on hold three times for 10 minutes at a time. the only reason he decided not to kill himself was to care for 60 animals. the veterans association estimates that 22 veterans end their lives every day across the us.
brandt was found hanged inside the garage of his coconut grove home by his friend, John Joseph Hupert, at around 9.15am on Easter Sunday. according to the police report, Hupert was concerned for his friend and was staying with the doctor because he was suicidal. the last time he said he had seen Brandt alive was around 11.30pm on saturday.
former gold medalist is eight months pregnant with her first child. the 26-year-old married fellow swimmer Harry Needs, 23, in September 2014. she lost 21lbs after appearing in iTV's 'get me out of here jungle' in 2013.
the Sutherland Shire Council is exploring the idea of allowing overseas backpackers to park their campervans in allocated locations right on the beach. this motion was proposed by Councillor Steve Simpson due to the economic boost the backpackers bring to the area. many locals have already had a mostly negative response to the backpacker vans crowding the beachside streets.
67-year-old grandmother hoarded 1,300 items of stolen clothing. police raided her one-bedroom home in bowthorpe, Norwich, last year. 340 of the items still had price tags on, but she walked free from court. 67-year-old handed six-month suspended sentence at crown court.
image was captured over jaibru in australia by off-duty emergency services officer. he dubbed the phenomenon 'looping lightning', meaning it appears to rise and loop when it's not. upwards lightning is possible, but is very rare - estimates suggest less than 1% of lightning strikes travel in an ‘upwards’ direction. storm chaser Dan Robinson believes 'looped' lighting may instead be a trick of perspective.
66-year-old worked as a mid-level member of the. Medellin Cartel in the 1980s. a confrontation with his boss caused him to flee from Colombia fearing for his life. he came to the united states and began working for the DEA as an informant after providing information about a number of his former bosses and associates. he wasn't paid for work, but was told he would be rewarded with US citizenship. but declining health forced him
three years ago, Pakistan had almost completely eradicated polio, a devastating disease which paralyses its victims' legs but is preventable with a simple injection. now, it's on the rise after the Taliban declared the vaccine to be a 'bio-weapon' that would actually make children sick. but mother-of-three Farhina Touseef is risking her life by leading a team of medics as they travel door-to-door through dangerous Taliban strongholds offering the
a walk through Times Square won't cost you a dollar - as long as you avoid the temptation to shop. visit one of the world's many free museums for a no-cost cultural fix. a stroll along lake Zurich's promenade or the sprawling Sheep's Meadow in central park is also free.
father-of-one feared he would never be able to have more children. he injected petroleum jelly into his penis to make it bigger. but nine months later it became swollen, painful and bleeding. he went to his GP and saw other doctors but all told him nothing could be done.
new jersey police have released a sketch of an infant whose headless remains were discovered last year in an attempt to track down the child's mother. on Nov. 11, 2014, the headless body of a seven-pound-five-ounce infant was found in a trash heap in Farmingdale, new jersey. investigators located the infant's head along with two blood-soaked blouses and a bag more than 50 miles away in orange township.
Tori Hester, 25, was diving off the coast of Mexico when the huge school of Trevally fish began circling above her. husband Jeff, 26, was on hand to capture the incredible moment using his underwater camera.
the singer is scheduled to headline a Connecticut concert on July 17 in support of a pro gun control charity. anti-gun control commenters have said that McGraw risks losing his career the same way female country trio the Dixie Chicks never bounced back from criticizing president George W Bush.
caitlin Kellie-Jones was diagnosed with hypoxic ischemic encephalopathy. the condition occurs when the brain does not receive enough oxygen. she was placed in a cooling wrap to keep her at 33.5 degrees for 72 hours. despite her ordeal, she seems to be developing normally. her parents, Nicola and Paul, are raising money to help other children.
young boy cradles goldfish and kisses it repeatedly in heartbreaking move. as goldfish circles bowl, he looks at his mum with tears brimming in his eyes. as he becomes more distressed, his mother comforts him and he cries on her shoulder, shrieking the name of the fish repeatedly.
Pedro Hernandez is accused of killing 6-year-old Etan patz, who vanished while on his way to school in 1979. the case has confounded law enforcement for decades. the defense says the admissions are made up, the ravings of a mentally ill man who sees visions and a low IQ.
aerial photographs taken above Whitefish Bay on eastern Lake Superior, Ontario, show some of the freighters lined up across a frozen expanse. they are carrying a variety of goods from Canadian grain to US iron and steel but are being hampered by slabs of ice as big as pick-up trucks, it's been reported. the ships desperately need a path cut through the lake by Canadian and US ice breakers, which have themselves been hampered by the extreme weather conditions.
the men were taking part in a royal navy ice-hockey team tour of Nova Scotia. they allegedly attacked a 21-year-old local woman at a drinks party. the assault was reported to police immediately after the incident. the men were arrested six days later partially masking their faces under hoodies.
female genital mutilation (FGM) is widely practiced in Eritrea. girls are mutilated by someone with no medical training, often using instruments such as a knife, pair of scissors, scalpel or razor blade.
video taken in the forecourt of the sunoco gas station in Philadelphia. shows five people storming out of a minivan and attacking the 51-year-old. one of the group takes out pepper spray as the man is brought to the ground. they then stamp on his head and continue punching him as he lies motionless. the encounter is believed to have been caused by a 10-year-old boy telling his mother the homeless man hit him.
54 per cent of single women say the best part about being single is being able to go straight to bed without being bothered. but 29 per cent of blokes say the variety of sexual partners is what floats their boat. more than half of the population claim finding 'the one' is their biggest priority in life.
Sean Crawford made a splash at the australian Traffic Jam Gallery with his taxidermy sculptures. he said he picked up his distinctive style after his family taught him about hunting and taxidermy on the farm he grew up on. he said he wanted to add a more 'natural' layer to his work.
labour's David Lammy said the party would look to 'forge a common alliance' with the SNP in the event of another hung parliament. admission comes amid increasingly stark warnings from the tories that the SNP will hold labour to 'ransom' if it holds the balance of power in parliament next month.
the Alborz destroyer and Bushehr support vessel sailed from Bandar Abbas to the Gulf of Aden today. it comes as Saudi Arabia continues to lead a bombing campaign to oust the Iran-allied Houthi movement.
yassir Ali, 29, was stopped by traffic police in Birmingham on february 22. he drove 80 miles per hour through several junctions in a bid to escape arrest. the 29-year-old flew through several junctions, ignoring red lights. he pulled onto the wrong side of the road, narrowly missing oncoming traffic. he was jailed at Birmingham crown court for 14 months for dangerous driving.
the 48-year-old was best known for his role as Gilbert Blythe in the Canadian television drama film Anne of Green Gables and two sequels. he was discovered as an actor when he was 17 years old in a high-school production of the wizard of oz.
boy was on holiday in burnham-on-sea with his family when he became stuck. the 11-year-old became stuck in knee-deep mud and had to be pulled to safety. coastguard used a hovercraft to bring him back to the beach unharmed.
he used the term last week while promoting a film that implies there is a link between thimerosal - a chemical used in vaccines - and autism, despite evidence to the contrary. on monday, following a storm of criticism, he publicly retracted his statement.
Tamara Pacskowska pretended to be 76-year-old Georgina Bagnall-Oakley. the 56-year-old, from Croydon, could not speak english and took her daughter-in-law along. she was given a community order and made to pay costs after previously admitting fraud.
in 1992, a program created for the DEA monitored every phone call made from the united states to one of the up to 116 countries on their watch list for drug trafficking. this is now the oldest known example of the american government authorizing this level of tracking on unknowing citizens of the country. a 1998 request for Sprint to release their call records labeled it 'one of the most important and effective Federal drug law enforcement initiatives'
the woman, who is not being named, watched in terror as a man crawled through a window and proceeded to steal her laptop, digital camera and some jewelry. unfortunately for the thief, the entire thing was caught on camera. 'people thought I was crazy to spend $200 on a camera, plus another $100 a year to record the video so I could watch my cats,' said the woman.
the 18-carat gold rectangular piece was a gift to Lord Uxbridge. his stoic exchange with the Duke of Wellington after losing his leg has become etched in history. his leg was buried near the battlefield but later dug up and used as a macabre tourist attraction.
Michelle Heale of Tom's River, new jersey, convicted of aggravated manslaughter and child endangerment but acquitted of murder. she claimed she was trying to burp 14-month-old Mason when he began choking on applesauce in august 2012. when she pulled him off her shoulder his neck snapped backwards, killing the boy. she then turned to her husband and told him to make sure her five-year-old twins do not forget
Exactly two weeks after he was accused of groping an italian model during a business meeting, things seem to be back to normal for the Oscar winner and his designer wife. Georgina Chapman has been sharing photos of herself hard at work creating the upcoming spring/summer 2016 bridal collection for her brand marchesa. she was joined by the couple's son dashiell in the design room on Thursday.
football's anti-discrimination campaigners teamed up with Tempero and Brandwatch to produce the most detailed findings of discrimination online. they discovered an abusive message is directed at a premier league club or one of their players every 2.6 minutes. a total of 134,400 messages were posted on twitter, facebook, forums or blogs between august 2014 and march 2015.
crystal O'Connor, owner of Memories Pizza in Walkerton, Indiana, says she stands by her decision to never cater a gay wedding. in an interview on Saturday, she said: 'it is not a sin that we bring gays into our establishment, and to serve them. It is a sin, though, if we condone. If we cater their wedding'. despite all of her recent troubles, she said she is ready to get back to work, but she is not sure when she will
pensioner's money appeared to be going missing from her bank account. her concerns were put down to her having Alzheimer's disease. but in reality her son had been slowly siphoning the money away. he spent it on gambling, a holiday and cinema tickets for himself. a £13,000 fee to move his mother into a care home had to be paid.
sprawling house built on site of old telephone exchange in west London. sold for 300 times average price of home in england and wales. but stamp duty alone, paid on top of price, is enough to pay 330 nurses. spread across four floors, house is 18 times size of average new home.
a body found in the Mississippi River on saturday has been identified as barway Edward Collins, 10, who has been missing for nearly a month. police said on Sunday that the boy's father, 33-year-old Pierre Collins, was in that area at the time he disappeared. the boy's father, who has said he is innocent, has not been arrested or charged in relation to the incident.
inside Abbey Road is a web app that takes users on an interactive, immersive and hugely detailed virtual tour of studios. the studios hosted the world's first live global broadcast - from none other than the Beatles. it also played a role in the invention of stereo by EMI engineer Alan Blumlein.
lib dem leader's wife said the party's MPs 'deserve' to be re-elected in may. she hit the campaign trail on her own today, as he said she 'just wanted to do her bit' the pair met the cast and crew of a film examining the girls and gangs in london.
5ft 11in supermodel was scouted at the sunglasses counter of Primark at 15. she was the first black model to walk for Prada in a decade. she has since become a household name and a celebrated regular on the runway. she has criticised the fashion industry for the scarcity of black models.
a passer-by found the child wandering near a suburban Chicago forest preserve in Prospect Heights, Illinois around 6:30 pm Tuesday. she was crying and waving her hands. her father, Faiz Ikramulla, 35, was arrested and charged on Thursday with aggravated kidnapping. he's jailed in Van Buren county, Michigan, pending extradition proceedings.
devoted waitress Judy Eddingfield, 65, celebrated her 50th anniversary working at Winstead's in Kansas City last week. 'it's like my home away from home and I just love it here,' said Eddingfield.
the 13-year-old boy reportedly walked into the school armed with a machete and crossbow around 9.15am this morning. he is said to have shot and injured a female catalan teacher and her daughter, before stabbing her 13-year-old daughter. the boy is undergoing a psychiatric examination will not face criminal charges because he is under 14 the age of criminal responsibility in Spain.
the national park service and the secret service are recommending the addition of half-inch-thick spikes, angled away from the white house, to the existing perimeter fence. the spikes will be bolted on at the top for a year or more while an entirely new fence – as tall as 10 feet – is planned and fabricated. the white house might also get a prison-style double fence with space in between, but barbed wire has been ruled out.
environmental group says it will occupy the underside of the main deck of the Polar Pioneer. they plan to unfurl a banner with the names of millions of people opposed to Arctic drilling. activists boarded the rig just 750 miles northwest of Hawaii.
legal adviser to Alison Saunders was a barrister in same chambers as son. dpp consulted Neil Moore – a barrister at 23 Essex street where Daniel Janner worked – over whether to prosecute Lord Janner. senior police officers probing allegations of child abuse offences against the labour peer have reportedly raised concerns about Mr Moore's involvement.
common dolphins were once a rare sight in the hebrides, preferring warmer waters found further south. monitoring by the hebridean whale and dolphin trust has seen the number of encounters increase by 68 per cent over the past 12 years. the shift north could create new opportunities for the common dolphins to find food in new areas, but it could increase competition between other types of dolphin or seabirds.
the note was left in the window of an undisclosed chip shop in london. owner laments that he has to go youth hosteling with his family. in it he writes: 'this shop will be closed for 1 week. re-open on mon 16th march'
researchers at the Technical University of Braunschweig, germany, used peppermint plants, which contain minimal traces of nicotine, in mulching and fumigation experiments. they found that plants can take up high concentrations of nicotine from contaminated soils, as well as taking in the drug from smoke. this may explain why some spices, herbal teas and medicinal plants have high concentrations of nicotine in them, despite none being allowed in insecticides.
'unilateral and illegitimate appropriation of non-renewable natural resources' 'unilateral and illegitimate appropriation of non-renewable natural resources' 'unilateral and illegitimate appropriation of non-renewable natural resources' 'unilateral and illegitimate appropriation of non-renewable natural resources' 'unilateral and illegitimate appropriation of non-renewable natural
investigators scouring computer belonging to co-pilot to determine state of mind. investigators believe he may have'spiked' his captain's drink to force him into toilet. prosecutors believe he may have added chemical to captain's coffee. the 27-year-old crashed the airbus a320 into the Alps in 2009.
pamela Anderson was all smiles as she joined with controversial Arizona sheriff Joe Arpaio to promote the benefits of an all-vegetarian diet. the jail has been serving vegetarian meals to inmates at the Maricopa county jail for 16 months now. the jail has been serving vegetarian meals to the more than 8,000 inmates for 16 months now.
albino bottlenose dolphin can change colour from white to pink when it's feeling emotional. phenomenon results from animals thin skin, which means its blood vessels can cause a change in skin tone depending on their emotional state. the rare specimen is believed to be only the second one ever put on display in an aquarium.
the mini-martha from australia makes an estimated $127,000 (AUD $162,472) a month from the ad revenue generated from her popular channel, CharlisCraftyKitchen. her channel beat household names such as celebrity chef Jamie Oliver to claim the prestigious – and lucrative – title.
Sophie Falkiner says she's been cinching in her waist with girdles for 10 years. the model and mother of two says she discovered the benefits while interviewing Hollywood plastic surgeons for a work assignment years ago. girdles are a common recommendation for women needing a protective layer after a c-section.
at least 30 people were injured last year in 32 butane explosions involving hash oil. in Colorado, at least 30 people were injured last year in 32 butane explosions involving hash oil. federal prosecutors in Seattle have brought charges in five cases where hash oil operations blew up.
Xie Hong Feng was found dead after falling five floors down a lift shaft. property manager Yang said her three-year-old son pushed her. but there is no CCTV evidence of the tragic accident.
3.2 million-year-old fossil stunned archaeologists in the Afar region of Ethiopia. skeleton belongs to a species called Australopithecus afarensis. when discovered in 1974, Lucy was the only skeleton of the species known.
the Modular Robotic Vehicle, or MRV, was developed at NASA's Johnson Space Center to show off the technologies that could let man move across other planets. a turn of the steering wheel, for instance, is recorded by sensors and sent to computers at the rear of the vehicle. these computers interpret that signal and instruct motors at one or all four of the wheels to move at the appropriate rate, causing the vehicle to turn as commanded. MRV is driven by four independent wheel modules called e-
19-year-old has undergone emergency surgery for ulcerative colitis. had to have her colon removed and an ileostomy bag fitted into her intestine. reveals all about life and how to have sex with a bag on her blog.
thousands of blue jellyfish-like creatures are washing up across Oregon, California and Washington this spring. experts say they are easily blown to shore thanks to a blue sail on their bodies. the purple-blue creatures are not harmful to humans but will smell fishy as they decompose.
the miniature chocolate amphibians will now weigh just 12g. the shrinking of one of australia’s most popular children’s chocolates was not widely announced but was in fact spotted by a shop owner who stocks the treats.
ground-based air defense directed energy on-the-move program, commonly referred to as GBAD, allowing controllers to simply drive the weapon to a target. once drones are spotted, it can them shoot them out of the sky using a 30kw laser.
teacher at biola university in la mirada, california, often posts videos of himself tricking his class on his YouTube channel. this amusing clip would have engaged even the sleepiest student at the back of the room.
the 51-year-old nurse was found battered to death at her family home in 1995. her naked body was found at the bottom of the stairs in Radnage, near Chinnor. detectives believe her head injuries were probably inflicted by a crowbar. the motive remains unclear with police describing the circumstances of the crime as 'unusual'
singer, 22, attended the 30th Annual rock and roll hall of fame induction ceremony on Saturday in Cleveland, ohio. she displayed a bushy underarm region as she posed for a social media snap.
a fixed-term 'wedlease' would work better for many modern day couples. instead of promising 'til death do us part', couples in a Starter Marriage agree to be together for 'two, three, four or more years' at the end of the stated contract period, the couple decide whether they want to go their separate ways, or continue with the marriage.
the fire began when lightning struck a water storage tank, launching it into the air. the water contained traces of hydrocarbons and petroleum as a result of hydraulic fracturing, which ignited. the tanker was near an injection well where fracking wastewater is pumped into the ground.
'obama abruptly left the white house about 15 minutes ago on unscheduled trip. Destination unknown,' tweeted a reporter. 'obama abruptly left the white house about 15 minutes ago on unscheduled trip. Destination unknown,' tweeted the reporter.
a new exhibition from the Museum of the City of new york highlights what is widely seen as a watershed moment in the city's preservation movement. the loss of the old Beaux-Arts-style Pennsylvania Station to make way for Madison Square Garden helped lead to the establishment of a commission that can designate historic places as landmarks. the law was signed by mayor Robert Wagner on April 19, 1965, and upheld by the Supreme Court in 1978.
bookmakers appeared to make light of the issue in a tweet published ahead of Liverpool's clash with Newcastle tonight. tweet read: 'Newcastle have suffered more Kop beatings over the last 20 years than an unarmed African-American male'
the 21-year-old singer argued with security after being stopped at the artists' entrance where Drake was performing. a video obtained by TMZ appears to show Bieber being put in a chokehold and escorted from the area. the drama unfurled on Sunday night when the pop star and his entourage tried to gain entry to Drake's gig.
staff attorneys at the U.S. justice department's antitrust division are nearing a recommendation to block Comcast Corps. $45.2 billion proposal to merge with Time Warner Cable Inc.
an eighth-grader accused of conspiring with her soldier boyfriend by text message to have her mother killed should remain in an adult jail while awaiting trial, a prosecutor said. defense attorney had filed a petition to have 14-year-old Jamie Silvonek returned to the juvenile facility where she was sent the day after the body of 54-year-old Cheryl Silvonek was discovered last month. the teenager is charged as an adult with homicide and criminal conspiracy. her boyfriend, 20-year-
medical incident officer joined team caring for patients at Worcestershire royal. it came as the west Midlands ambulance service demanded action. figures show it has missed the four-hour waiting time target for 28th week.
copper-locked actor Damian Lewis says redheads everywhere are doing well. 'this might be a unique moment in recent history: redheads everywhere are doing well,' he said.
little Zane Gbangbola died at home – in the middle of the night – after being poisoned by gas. for months after his death, police and other official agencies ruled out fears that the deadly fumes had come from a landfill site. instead, they insisted carbon monoxide from a faulty pump hired by his family had caused his death. but damning new evidence proves authorities knew for 14 months hydrogen cyanide gas capable of killing Zane had leaked into
scientists analysed 10,000 families with children aged two to 14. they looked at whether there was any family conflict, a change of family structure, interventions from social services or unemployment. 58 children were diagnosed with type 1 diabetes. many were badly affected by events in their formative years.
image shows 'ribbons' of sand and patterned stripes known as linear dunes in the Erg Chech, a desolate sand sea in southwestern Algeria. they are straight ridges of sand that have been known to measure as long as 99 miles (160km) they have also been known to merge and form so-called 'Y-shaped compound dunes'
the 66ft deep route was still under construction and was being built next to the Tijuana checkpoint. soldiers who entered the passageway had to descend a 10 feet ladder to access the muddy path. officials said the route had not yet crossed the border and stretched some 500 feet towards the U.S. border.
the annual meeting attracts more than 70,000 people. the motto of the convention in Nashville this weekend is: 'if they can ban one, they can ban them all'
Ann Malsbury, 22, also battered Lee Judson, 21, with a saucepan and hair straighteners after she flew into a rage. the chef's ex-boyfriend had gone round to her home in the city to collect his belongings after the pair broke up following an 18-month relationship. when he bent down to pick up something, Malsbury jumped on his back and wrapped a white iPod lead around his neck before trying to throttle him. after he struggled free Mal
the pair had been driving together when, unknown to his girlfriend, Daniel had erected a series of signs along the road. the final question mark was hidden in the car ready for the teen to pull out at the end to ask his girlfriend in person. but sadly his elaborate set-up did not quite go to plan after girlfriend Alex missed the crucial first sign with her name on.
the 23-year-old was a 'podium girl' at the Chinese grand prix. she was pictured grimacing as he sprayed champagne at her face. but she said she didn't think much about it and wasn't annoyed. 'i was told by my employer to stand on the podium, and that's what I did,' she said.
footage shows three-year-old Luiz Antonio from Brazil being presented with a fanciful dish of octopus gnocchi at the dinner table. but instead of digging into the seafood feast he starts asking about where the tentacled creature set before him came from.
five young sailors were serving on the same base when they took their own lives. their families did not learn of their previous attempts to take their own lives and their drug use until after their deaths. the sailors were stationed or had been stationed at the west australian port of HMAS Stirling.
Duncan Burton, 57, was released in 2012 after 14 years behind bars. he was allowed to work for Uber despite city controls prohibiting drug felons driving cabs. if convicted he will face a maximum sentence of 20 years.
prime minister skolled a schooner of beer at an australian rules function. but anti-drinking campaigners say he is glorifying binge drinking. 'it sets up a culture that drinking isn’t about socialising with friends, it’s about how quickly and how much you can drink,' says cultural studies professor.
Libby Jane Wilson was enjoying a day out at the yarrow valley country park. she was playing in a tunnel when the dog entered and bit her face. her father, who works as a floor layer, heard his daughter screaming. he kicked the dog away before the owner called the dog back and fled. the dog was not on a lead despite signs saying pets should be under control.
Evelin Mezei, 12, was last seen by her mother in Stratford, east london. she was spotted with an unknown man on a city street at 10.30pm yesterday. but the youngster was traced this morning and is safe and well.
Kenneth Morgan Stancil III, 20, was arrested around 1.30 a.m. on Tuesday when he was seen sleeping in daytona beach, florida. the arrest came nearly 24 hours after he allegedly walked into the college and shot dead his former work-study supervisor, Ron Lane. the print shop director, who had worked at the college for 18 years, had supervised Stancil under a work-study program.
the Brady Campaign and Center to Prevent Gun Violence, named in their honor, said they were 'heartbroken' at the news of her death. the group said the Brady Handgun Violence Prevention Act blocked an estimated two million prohibited gun purchases in the united states to potential buyers such as felons.
labour leader reads from notes during leaders' televised debate. he reminds himself to be a 'happy warrior' and to'stay calm, never agitated'. reveals he had planned a number of put-downs he used on his rival.
four sisters at the centre of australia's largest abduction case have come through the ordeal as happy and well-adjusted children. the girls, Emily and Claire, have established healthy and happy lives in Italy and speak to their mum every night. the girls were removed from their mother's home in the middle of the night and forced onto a plan back to their father in 2012. their mother had taken them from their home in Italy on a 'vacation' and never returned, claiming their father was
15 men arrested on suspicion of'multiple aggravated murder motivated by religious hate' last week 12 Christians from Ghana and Nigeria were allegedly thrown off a rubber dinghy into the Mediterranean sea. survivors claim men tried to throw other Christians off the side of the vessel after an argument about religion - but were prevented because they huddled together.
the Tulsa county sheriff's office claims that at least three of 73-year-old Robert Bates' supervisors were removed from their posts when they refused to sign off on forged field training hours. they allege that he was not fit to police the streets and that he was 'paid to play cop' the claims come in the same week that Bates turned himself to face charges of second-degree manslaughter for the death of 44-year-old Eric Harris.
abdirahman sheik mohamud, 23, faces charges for attempting to provide and providing material support to terrorists, attempting to provide and providing material support to a designated foreign terrorist organization, and making false statements to the FBI. mohamud's brother, abdifatah aden, was killed fighting with the local affiliate of al Qaeda.
Shane Dunn, 25, stabbed victim Ian Garrod, 55, in the neck with a kitchen knife. he met him on gay dating app after going back to his home in Medway for sex. but when the 55-year-old sat on the bed, Dunn stabbed him in the throat. he left him in fear of his life, before fleeing with his victim's wallet, iPhone, iPad and jewellery.
jade Ruthven, 33, of Perth, Western Australia, was shocked when she found a scathing note criticising her for posting too many photos of her six-month-old daughter addison on facebook. 'we all have kids that we are besotted with... but we don’t ram it down everyone else’s neck,' the letter begins. the author claims the rant was written on behalf of everyone who views Jade’s Facebook posts.
last year saw more than one million albums sold on vinyl for the first time in almost two decades after seven years of steady growth. sales are expected to hit two million this year and, in recognition of this trend, the UK’s first official weekly vinyl chart has been established. the official vinyl charts have been released today by the Official Charts Company to mark Record Store Day.
a 39-year-old man allegedly impregnated his 17-year-old stepdaughter. he is married to the teenager's mother 38-year-old Kellie Phillips. they have six children together while the teen is from another relationship. lachaux allegedly sexually assaulted the teenager and she had become pregnant, but she did not know.
the 'pro-women' ad appeared in the latest issue of vice magazine. the ad features images of female employees identified by their first names and their start date at the company. the brand also shared images from the campaign on its Instagram account for international women's day.
Kamron Taylor was caught in south side, illinois, with a loaded gun on friday night after police received a tip off. he had been waiting to be sentenced for the murder of a man with the name 'gertrude' tattooed to his neck. on tuesday he attacked a guard and fled in disguise. it came just days after he shouted at the victim's family in court: 'i'm going to get
the 96-year-old was a prisoner of war during the second world war. he spent his £50,000 life savings on home care but council refused to pay. help for heroes has launched a fundraising drive to keep him in his own home. they have so far raised £2,736.22 of the £5,000 needed to secure his future.
max verschuuren, 21, was bent over emptying rocks out of his boot on his way to a felled deer in the Te Urewera forest, north island. his mate blasted his back open and he tumbled down the hill he was perched on. 'i thought, "oh s***", and had all this blood dripping down my back,' he said.
major general James Post III told a group of officers that talking to congress in a bid to block retirement of the A-10 Warthog amounted to 'treason' the incident added fuel to a controversy over efforts to retire the low-flying, tank-killer aircraft.
australian gamer known only as Bonnie Doll has more than 45,000 global followers on streaming platform Twitch. her live stream has almost one million views so far. followers pay a subscription to join her online and also give donations. the 28-year-old has been living in australia since 2007.
avoca beach in the central coast, about 95kms north of Sydney, resembled something from a horror film on Tuesday. the entire beach, right up to the top of the walkways, was covered in a grotesque yellow, jelly-like substance. wild winds and relentless thunderstorms continue to batter the state.
Cameron Hooker, 61, was handed a 104-year sentence in 1985 for the kidnap, torture and rape of Colleen Stan. the case made international headlines and Stan was known as 'the Girl in the Box' after it was revealed she was forced into a coffin-like structure for 23 hours a day during for much of her captivity. despite hooker's century-long jail term, he was allowed to request parole seven years earlier than under normal rules
the veteran host was attempting to warm up the studio audience on Monday. he made the off-colour gag during a warm up to the show. the joke received a frosty reception from the shocked crowd. several audience members were furious over the sexist joke.
millions still tune in but listen for much shorter bursts, figures show. this was 14 per cent down on a decade earlier, when listeners clocked up an average of 11.6 hours a week. many who used to listen to radio as a daily habit now turn to online streaming services such as Spotify for their music fix.
the minute-long clip shows the rocket barely managing to take off before plummeting back down to earth. a small thud can be heard and bits of debris fly off as the weapon makes a feeble attempt to launch.
disabled pensioner Alan Barnes was beaten by a drug addict outside his home. the 67-year-old was left too scared to return to his home in gateshead, tyne and wear. a fund was set up by local beautician Katie Cutler, 21, which raised £330,000. he was today handed the keys to his new two-bedroom terrace house. the property boasts two bedrooms, a spacious living room, modern kitchen and large bathroom.
staff canteen at yoghurt maker Yeo Valley overlooks the mendips in north Somerset. organic and locally sourced food is prepared by executive chef Paul Collins. beef burger with tomato, gherkins and red onion in a brioche bun for £4. fish cake with roasted cherry tomatoes, chervil hollandaise & pea shoot salad, served with potato wedges.
sophomore communications major Roman Ehrhardt brought a George Foreman grill to class and proceeded to cook bacon for his sandwich. he became an internet sensation after one of his classmates shared a hilarious photo of him grilling his lunch in class. however according to a Buzzfeed Community posting, the senior was actually completing a project, in which he had to violate a societal norm.
the settlement includes a requirement that the state DMV officially apologize to her and allow her to take a license photo with her everyday makeup. under the terms of the settlement, the state DMV is changing its policy on how male and female license applicants may dress or wear makeup in their official photos. agency employees will also get training on how to handle transgender customers and people who don't identify with either gender.
general Martin Dempsey, chairman of the joint chiefs of staff, sent a letter saying he regretted that he 'added to the grief' of Debbie Lee. the 28-year-old was the first navy SEAL to die in the heavily-contested city of Ramadi in 2006. he was awarded the purple heart and silver star for his bravery.
former first minister boasted that he would write labour's first budget. he joked that he would 'check his top pocket' - a reference to a tory election poster showing a miniature Mr Miliband in his breast pocket. the two most high-profile conservatives joined forces to question the legitimacy of the SNP's plan to try to put Ed Miliband in downing street.
the duchess of cambridge has the power to send sales of high-street designs sky-rocketing. a little girl could bring in £150m for the uk economy. 'the prince george effect' was coined just three days after his birth.
Mikki Nicholson, a national Scrabble champion, stepped in front of a train. the 36-year-old had planned a move to Newcastle, where she hoped people would be more accepting. but she changed her mind months before her death after being told she risked homelessness if she left her social housing. inquest heard how she was receiving psychiatric treatment in months before her death.
Kristina Karo claims she was a classmate of Mila Kunis, 31, who moved to the u.s. from Ukraine in 1991. she claims a seven-year-old was 'envious' of her pet chicken, and that 25 years ago, she stole it from her. she is now suing the 'thief' for $5,000.
'now I am looking at him in a sexual way instead of just looking at him like he's my bud,' the 30-year-old said of her new husband. 'it seems like [in] the imminent future that is going to happen,' she said.
experts warn cutting out whole food groups like carbohydrates is unsustainable. white bread and processed carbohydrates contribute to weight gain. but experts say this is no reason to cut all carbs out completely.
the 25-year-old boytoy is the lover of a Dominican woman in her late 30s. she invites him round for quickies in the building where he works. six calls were made to 311 - new york city's non-emergency number.
one-month-old baby lulled to sleep by father's impression of darth vader. wriggling one-month-old seems to doze off as soon as 'Buddy' starts deep breathing. he's seen looking delighted to discover that his daughter finds the sound soothing.
a man in sunglasses and a t-shirt with a logo of what appears to be a playboy bunny with a marijuana leaf for ears is caught on camera whistling and making ticking and kissing noises with his mouth. the man, who is completely oblivious to the fact that the interview is meant to highlight the horrible culture of catcalling, admits he would call a dog.
prime minister and outgoing leader of the commons will launch manifesto. will pledge to introduce a system of 'English votes for English laws' - giving English MPs veto over legislation. manifesto expected to commit to dozens of new road schemes in the uk.
Sacha whitehead posted a call to action on facebook saying she would pick up the much-needed items and drive them into Sydney CBD. the 26-year-old was spurred into action after reading a friend's Facebook status. she spent the night handing out the clothes to locations often frequented by the homeless, such as central station tunnel and Hyde Park.
one of them, an Eritrean called Mered Medhanie, was heard laughing on a police wiretap. he boasted about overloading migrant ships, a problem that causes them to capsize. a second trafficker, Ermias Ghermay, was already wanted in connection with an October 2013 capsizing off Lampedusa that left 366 dead.
Joseph Oberhansley, now 34, is charged with murder and abuse of a corpse in the death of 46-year-old Tammy Jo Harbin Blanton last September. prosecutors say they intend to seek the death penalty in the case.
100 people have been struck down by the so-called 'winter vomiting bug' the source of the illness has not been identified, but many of those who fell ill attended a wedding at the 41-room hotel on 11 April. owner has issued an apology to guests and staff, and has vowed to steam clean the premises.
an FBI affidavit reveals translator Xiaoming Gao shared government information with an alleged spy. despite these claims, she was never prosecuted by the government. the affidavit also revealed that the alleged spy she spoke to lived with another State Department employee who had top-secret clearance.
Alice Liveing, from buckinghamshire, began her clean eating journey a year ago. started sharing pictures of her meals on the social media platform Instagram. began to take stock of what she was putting into her body. now has more than 102,000 followers on the social media platform.
Elijah McKenna, 11, suffered two wide, bloody gashes on his back of his head and numerous deep bite marks all over his body. if it weren't for his 9-year-old sister, Alyssa, the special-needs boy most likely would have been dead.
Amber Anderson, 27, has since been relieved of her duties at Christian Life Academy in Baton Rouge. she was booked into prison on Tuesday and is facing a charge of felony carnal knowledge of a juvenile. the incident has only now come to light after a former student told the victim's mother.
abigail Ahern has released a new style bible, aptly named Colour. the best-selling author says colour gives her a'squishy feeling of contentment'. she says to ditch the beige, stop procrastinating and be bold.
Tidal's $19.99-a-month app launched in new york on 30 march. following the launch the app jumped to 4th place on the iOS music chart. it now ranks at 872 on the overall download chart and 51 in the music category. in the uk the situation is worse, with the app ranking at 92 in the music app category and disappearing entirely from the overall app list.
Gwyneth and Chris' amicable split is refreshing and something we can learn from. if you're friendly enough to have 'family dates', do it. but only if you're both relaxed in each other's company. if you applaud their current partner, you're effectively saying they had good taste.
Amanda Berry, 29, and Gina DeJesus, 25, have written a book, Hope: a Memoir of Survival in Cleveland, which will be released on April 27. they recalled the years of rapes, torture and psychological games at the hands of ariel. Castro, a man who lived close to their homes in Ohio, and managed to lure them into his house with trust because his daughters were the girls' friends. in an excerpt, published in people magazine this week, the brave survivors revealed
university student Karen Buckley, 24, went missing on a night out in glasgow. her remains were found dumped in a field in a field on a farm on april 16. district judge Nigel Cadbury implied she had been drinking heavily. but her friends say she only had a few drinks before leaving a nightclub. he said: 'it's very, very worrying how young girls put themselves in such very, very vulnerable positions'.
Doris Fuller's daughter, Natalie, 28, killed herself in front of a train last month. she suffered from bipolar disorder and psychosis, and went undiagnosed until her early 20s. fuller has written about how her illness led to her death and said she was 'the bravest person I have ever known'
prime minister made comment as this morning host Phillip Schofield moved on. he said: 'up next, a man who can pinch your wallet, watch and tie without you noticing' co-host Amanda Holden burst out laughing at remark as programme went to ads.
scientists found a system of priming the body's immune system to recognise, attack and kill off cancerous cells in lung, skin and bowel tumours. early trials ‘profoundly retarded’ tumour growth in mice. survival rates were boosted by more than 50 per cent.
myer will be holding a 75 per cent of designer label sale from Wednesday 22nd. the department store stocks top end labels including balmain, DKNY and Alexander McQueen. the sale will run until Sunday 26th or until sold out.
'sir, east lake courts is not your hood, it's the citizens of the united states who own that because they work and pay taxes, you don't own that,' judge Lila Statom said. 'people like you have made it a violent, unsafe place to live,' she said. 'it's the citizens of the united states who own that because they work and pay taxes, you don't own that,' she said.
long-haul travellers have never had more choice when it comes to making the most of a layover. from sun salutations in San Francisco to drinking at a swim-up bar in a hot spring in Iceland, airports are offering ever more diverse activities. here, mailonline travel reveals the best - and most bizarre - things you can do with a couple of spare hours at an airport.
courtney Brain, 16, was taken out of school when she visited GP for treatment. she was stunned upon return to class to be told she must make up missed time. her mother accuses Skegness academy of being 'petty and unreasonable'
the four-propeller, 50-centimeter wide drone was spotted on the roof. it was equipped with a small camera and a plastic bottle containing traces of a radioactive material. the radioactive material is likely caesium, a soft metal and harmless to the human body.
prime minister's wife was campaigning in west Yorkshire with tory candidate. she visited the Growing Zone, an allotment garden project for adults and children with special needs in Kippax. 'it's great to be in Yorkshire,' she said.
the world's third largest cruise liner sailed past its sister ship as it made its way out of Southampton docks on its maiden voyage. the ship's, both owned by royal Caribbean, will be based at Southampton Docks this summer and will serve Europe and the Mediterranean. after the summer, the Anthem of the Seas will move to new york and will sail regularly to Bermuda, the Caribbean, Canada and New England.
much of the comic book film, Avengers: Age of Ultron, was shot in Seoul. country's culture ministry agreed to cover a third of filming costs in the city. move echoes that of spectre, where government offered $20m to studios.
Lian Doyle agreed to hide trainers worn by Justin Robertson when he murdered pennie Davis. he was paid £1,500 by the son of the victim's ex-lover. she was today sentenced to 10 months in prison, but released immediately. she has already spent six months on remand.
police seized three million condoms, thought to be worth nearly £1.3 million. heavy metals such as mercury, lead and arsenic found in lubricating oil. fake condoms were packaged as popular brands such as Durex.
radio host posted a blog post on her website titled 'Are we embarrassed of IVF?' in the post, she said: 'in the past few months I joined a new club... It’s the IVF Baby Club' the 33-year-old married her fiancé at Byron Bay in a small and intimate ceremony on November 20. but the couple's efforts to have a baby had been unsuccessful because she suffers from Endometriosis.
Reading scientists say chewing gum helps you forget a song. in a study people were less likely to think about it when chewing. and they were a third less likely to 'hear' it when chewing gum. the results suggests same technique could stop other intrusive thoughts.
a firefighter used a thermal imaging camera to locate a potential heat source. passengers were kept on the plane for about 45 minutes. the plane was taken out of service for an inspection and maintenance.
will Hatton has made a career out of travelling the globe as the Broke Backpacker. the 26-year-old has only tried to conform to a regular nine-to-five desk job at a travel agency - an endeavour that failed within six months. he has recorded his adventures in his blog, making money through any random odd job he can find in foreign lands and spending only $100 a week.
photographer James Oatway took chilling images of Emmanuel Sithole being stabbed and beaten by four men in township near Johannesburg. pictures sent shockwaves around the world, with some accusing the journalist of not doing enough to prevent his death. he said it was vital for people to see the brutality of the anti-immigrant protests that are sweeping the country. he also told how he desperately tried to save Mr Sithole by taking him to a nearby medical centre.
the duchess of cambridge said her baby is due'mid to late April' during a visit to the capital last month. sources say the baby's due date has never been confirmed as such. the 25th is a favourite with punters according to bookmakers ladbrokes.
'Benjamin Cole' of Georgia, an ancestor on his mother's side, was the relative dropped from the show about his family history. the admission came the day after he apologized for lobbying for the removal of the truth about his family history from Finding Your Roots.
cruise ship passengers have finally arrived at Sydney's overseas passenger terminal this morning. 2,500 holidaymakers and 1,500 crew were due to disembark the ship on tuesday morning. huge waves as high as 40 feet smashed glass panels and shattered plates and cups. one passenger said: 'if i want to go on holiday i will catch a plane. i will not take another cruise, never'
the queen presented the 93-year-old with the insignia of his australian knighthood. the citation recognises the 93-year-old's long service to the monarchy. it adds: 'for three quarters of a century, prince Philip has served the crown, and the wider Commonwealth'
six tigers, a bear, a lion, a cougar, a black leopard and a liger (part lion, part tiger) were taken from Kenny Hetrick's farm after it was found he did not have the correct permit. authorities have also started cracking down on the owners of wild creatures following an incident in 2011 where a man released 56 exotic animals - including lions and tigers - then killed himself. hetrick
Loretta Burroughs, 63, sobbed throughout her sentencing as relatives of her late husband, Danny, talked about the horror of losing him. she was arrested in may 2013 after his chopped up remains were found inside the guest bedroom closet of the Ventnor home she was moving out of. investigators testified that the containers were each wrapped in nine trash bags, with air fresheners, dryer sheets and scented beads to mask the smell.
hotel worker met toyboy on holiday after mother's death and fell for him. but 18 months later he proposed to her with a ring engraved with his name. she slimmed from a size 22 to a size 12 and showed off her new look.
director of public prosecutions Alison Saunders 'ignored advice' of top QCs. both clare Montgomery QC and child abuse expert Eleanor Laws QC recommended a trial for the labour peer. the decision was made after police began investigating the peer after allegations of historic child-sex abuse were made.
marissa Holcomb, who is five months pregnant with her fourth child, was held at up at the fried chicken chain store in channelview, Texas, on march 31. a man armed with a handgun and his face concealed by a red beanie ran into the store and jumped the counter, forcing her to empty the registers. he managed to get $400 cash from the till, which is too much money to have kept in the register. 'i just had a gun to me. I
the 90s chop, made famous by by Jim Carrey’s Lloyd Christmas in Dumb and Dumber, has graced the heads of celebrities far and wide in recent years. one chain of barber shops has reported a whopping 200 per cent surge in requests for the almost universally unflattering cut. the craze may have been fuelled in part by the release of Dumb And Dumber To, the sequel to the 1994 cult hit.
jaimie Hessel was shocked to receive a $16,000 bill from the cab-hailing app. she claims the driver had been on his phone, cut across lanes, and even driven down a bus lane during the 35-minute journey. she says she's never going to trust the cab-hailing service again.
the 18-year-old is just 18 months younger than Gigi's 19-year-old sister. she stars in a powerful and provocative new shoot for the may issue of Elle magazine.
next door neighbour yvonne Ireland Evans terrorised the couple for seven years. taunted her dying husband and attacked her son with secateurs. 'nasty' neighbour turned on her after finding out she had a friendship.
Aden Gould, 21, opened two boxes of speakers in a branch in Stoke-on-trent. he tested them to see if they worked with his mobile phone and put them back. but he was apprehended by security and forced to empty his bag. he was banned from all 1,200 stores and told to pay £150 security fee. but the supermarket has now revoked the ban and waived the £150 fine.
Ann Rule's son, 54-year-old Andrew Rule, is accused of bullying her into giving him $23,327. he also admitted to authorities that he blew the money given to him on gambling and strip clubs. Michael Rule, 51, who receives approximately $9,000 a month between salaries paid to him and his wife by Rule Enterprises, LLC, is accused of forging his mother's signature on her checks amounting to $103,628. Ann Rule, 84, has been in declining health
two-year-old toppled out of a second floor condo window and died. his mother, Michelle newman, visited his grave on the ninth anniversary of his death. she said she hopes other parents will safety proof their homes.
a former defence minister has accused world leaders of concealing the presence of aliens. Paul Hellyer, who was a Canadian minister from 1963 to 1967, is now urging world powers to release what he believes to be hidden data on UFOs.'much of the media won't touch [the documents]', he said during a keynote speech at the Disclosure Canada Tour at the university of Calgary.
amateur photographer Nicolas Locatelli, 20, snapped the bizarre cloud formation above Briones Regional Park, in California. the furious-looking beast appeared to breathe fire as it stared down from the sky in the bizarre cloud formation. the red sky adds a fiery hue behind the cloud giving it an uncanny likeness to the legend of the fire breathing dragon slain by St George.
Shannon Carter, 21, attacked 20-year-old amelia Gledhill with a stiletto. a row broke out between Carter's friends on a night out in a nightclub. she followed the victim into the toilets where she carried out the 'unprovoked' attack. miss Gledhill is said to have been traumatised by the incident. she has also been left with permanent scarring and is afraid to leave the house alone.
Arthur Townsend, 92, poured product over a Mercedes Sprinter belonging to his friend's son. he carried out attack after becoming angry with his friend's son, 96. he was given a lift to his friend's address where he dumped stripper. he was arrested and charged with criminal damage at basildon magistrates' court.
princess arrived in Florence yesterday for the first day of the condé Nast international luxury conference. the royal has spent much of the past 24 hours partying with fashion's biggest names. last night, she was photographed enjoying a chat with Ralph Lauren's middle son David during a lavish party.
Robert Butler, 43, was transported inside a shipping container from Bannister House in Providence, Rhode island to the Eleanor Slater Hospital in Cranston. the operation took almost seven hours on Sunday and involved the Providence and Cranston fire departments, lifespan, the hospital association of rhode island and bay crane northeast. he was shifted into the shipping container, complete with medical equipment, and lifted with a crane down on to a flatbed truck.
the unnamed girlfriend dumped his iMac, iPhone, iPad and accessories in the bath tub. she then took photos of the gadget Jacuzzi, and sent them to him. the woman scorned took the trouble to give his iMac - which start at £899 - a single soaking.
the nine-week-old puppy was given to three-year-old Sapphyre Johnson who is missing both of her feet. 'he's just like me!' the toddler exclaimed with joy the first time she ever saw a photo of Lt. Dan. the puppy was named after a character in the film Forest Gump who lost both of his legs. fellow breeders suggested to owner Karen Riddle when Lt. Dan was born that he should be put down because he might be too sick to
alondra Luna Nunez, 14, was taken from her home in Guanajuato, central mexico, last week. she pleaded with federal police not to take her from her parents. a DNA test proved that she was not the daughter of Houston resident dorotea Garcia. 'they stole my daughter,' her real mother, Susana Nunez, raged to television.
the flub by a graphics person, made on the east coast feed of the morning show, was corrected for broadcasts in other time zones and online. today had interviewed 70-year-old Michaels for a story Matt Lauer did on a new york gathering for people listed by TIME magazine as the 100 most influential in the world.
gayla neufeld, 52, struggled to deal with her family's unusual genetic legacy. she was bullied at school and felt ashamed of her weight. she met her truck driver husband on a fat-fetish forum. the couple are now using her 96-inch belly to launch her new career.
airports are often cited as the worst in the world for long queues and cramped flights. complaints range from long queues for security to paying for internet connectivity that doesn't work and fighting for a seat in the terminal.
geoff Barrow said his band Portishead were paid just £1,700 despite 34million plays. he said he was not opposed to streaming, but wants musicians to be paid more. he said: 'you used to write a piece of music and people paid you to listen to it'
a third of adults shun the storage possibilities of the internet and still keep their most important papers in a shoebox. 10% are even more relaxed about treasured photos, letters and mementos – leaving them lying around in piles of paperwork. from a marriage certificate to deeds to a house, only six per cent keep a back-up copy of vital paperwork online.
Shaun Bryan, 23, dodged bullet that paralysed five-year-old Thusha Kamaleswaran. he was intended target of the shooting that shocked the nation in march 2011. thusha, who had been playing in the aisle of her uncle's shop, was caught in the crossfire when two gangs clashed. he has now been jailed for a separate crime in which he and an accomplice subjected two women to a 'ruthless attack' in their
team of archaeologists at Boston university and the university of bath believe this would have meant they lost out when modern humans arrived from Africa. they used computer model the amount of energy Neanderthals would have been able to get from their food without cooking it compared to humans that were. without fire, a group of Neanderthals would have had less energy - the equivalent 12 reindeer a year - than if they did.
senior police officer warns of 'chaotic' attacks using knives and vehicles.'misfits' are made up of'very young, violent and mentally ill', he said. he said there has been a'step-change' in scope and scale of terror threats.
Moses Yitzchok Greenfeld, 19, was pulled from the water in north london. he had been swimming with four friends when he got into difficulty. eyewitness said at least seven police officers stood on a bank looking for him. they were heard shouting to ambulance crews asking how long someone could survive under water without breathing.
angie donohue reveals how her husband tried to hire someone to kill her. the 43-year-old stalked and terrorised her before trying to hire 'various people' to kill her for money. after dating for a year the pair got engaged and started to plan a wedding.
21st century additions like a facebook page, an Instagram profile and a smart phone often end up doing more damage to a budding relationship than good. on a date in the 1990s, the biggest fails a person could be responsible for were a lack of conversation, food in the teeth or a man asking the woman to split the bill.
Lucy Southern worked at the hotel owned by Britannia Hotels in Leeds. she was quizzed about her sex life and asked if she wore stockings in bed. she complained in august 2013 but nothing was done and he touched her. she also claimed he stood behind her to 'grind' up and down her back. he later stroked her back and prodded her in a private area with a pen.
John Sutton, 84, was just 8 years old when his blacksmith father brought him to his first Kentucky Derby in 1940. he and his father decided to bet against the favorite on a horse called Gallahadion, which ended up winning the race. this year, the track is inviting him to attend his 76th-straight Derby as their special guest on may 2.
researchers at Vanderbilt University in Tennessee examined how best to minimise the risk of infection after surgery. they found that soft toys brought into the operating theatre served as a breeding ground for bacteria. researchers urged parents to be aware of the dangers comfort items could pose.
father-of-two, 37, was born and raised in dudley in the west Midlands. he is a divorced father-of-two who joined the islamic state as an explosives expert and sniper. he has shared chilling images of a room where he claims to make devices known as IEDs.
maickel Melamed, 39, has a rare form of muscular dystrophy that makes it hard just to walk or walk. he finished his fifth marathon at 5am on thursday morning. the Venezuelan athlete said he was inspired by the bombings in 2013.
the prime minister will today announce an extra 600,000 childcare spaces. he will say the cost of childcare has become a major barrier to employment. the conservatives have pledged to reduce tax relief on pension contributions.
the iD network will launch in may and offer free roaming in 22 countries. it will use three's existing infrastructure to offer these networks and plans. the aim is to offer features that customers want, including 12-month contracts and affordable 4G handsets.
the unhappy diner posted a picture of her unappetising salad to franchise's Facebook account where it was ‘liked’ over 2,000 times before she decided to remove it. Several Facebook users have left comments roasting the steakhouse franchise for the embarrassing mistake.
the reaction to the comedy sketch reflected a growing view among law enforcement and victims' advocacy groups that it is no laughing matter when a woman educator preys on her male students. in U.S. schools last year, almost 800 school employees were prosecuted for sexual assault, nearly a third of them women. this year's numbers are already slightly ahead of last year with 26 cases of female school employees accused of inappropriate relationships with male students.
Norway will be the first country in the world to switch off its FM radio signal. analogue radio services will switch off in favour of digital radio. Streaming has topped CD sales in revenue for the first time in the united states.
the company said it will announce a 'home battery' and a'very large utility scale battery' in a letter sent to investors. products such as this already exist, but founder Elon Musk thinks they'suck', according to Tesla's investor relations director, Jeff Evanson. the event will be held at Tesla's Hawthorne, California, design studio on April 30 at 8pm.
Nicholas Connors gave a rousing performance ahead of the Houston Rockets and Dallas Mavericks NBA playoffs game. when Nicholas finished, the 26-year-old player ran across the court to congratulate him.
house & son auctioneers in Bournemouth, Dorset, will rival the likes of Harrods and selfridges when it sells 173 lots of designer brands on April 28. the items come from the lifetime collection of an anonymous single lady owner, and her family are now selling them and donating the money to charity. some are said to be worth a few hundred pounds while others are valued at a four-figure sum.
the former tech executive will launch a formal campaign on may 4. a spokeswoman for FIorina told daily mail online that it's just a rumor at this point.
summer beach season is right around the corner, and with it comes inevitably sunburned skin, broken flip flops and water-logged mobile phones. mailonline travel looks at the top hacks, which are sure to cure any seaside holiday struggle. lemon is often preferred, as its known to be a great natural bleach, but orange will also work in a pinch.
more than a third of health trusts are considering rationing some types of surgery and other treatments. 'eligibility' rules could affect smokers as well as the overweight. procedures affected include varicose vein treatment, hip and knee replacement, and breast reduction surgery.
president Barack Obama will again stop short of calling the 1915 massacre of ethnic Armenians a genocide. as a candidate for president in 2008, he promised to use the term to describe the mass murder if elected. but he has not followed through despite calls from the most famous Armenian-American, Kim Kardashian, and the Pope for the world to recognize the killings as a genocide. 'An emotional day at the genocide museum,' read a tweet posted by Kim
actress, 44, gave birth to son in september and admits she has struggled to regain her pre-baby figure. has turned to celebrity hypnotherapist Susan to help her shed two stone. she famously helped Lily Allen slim form a size 14 to an 8.
photographs taken today in Micheldever Woods, Hampshire, show the flowers in full bloom weeks earlier than expected. but the fine weather by much of the country is set to be replaced by April showers this weekend. tomorrow is set to be another fine day for many places, although it will be cloudy to start in some central and eastern areas. temperatures are expected to hover in the high teens, and could climb to 21C in brighter spots of the north west.
Zachary Cain Stickler, 34, was charged with making criminal threats and a misdemeanor battery charge. the alleged victim was living with Stickler at the time and reported an attack in their home.
study found that the french are the most loved-up, sending more hearts than any other region, while australians use double the average amount of alcohol-themed emoji. gadget users send 30 per cent more LGBT-related emoji than the average, including a rainbow, men holding hands or women holding hands. in the us, gadget users send 30 per cent more LGBT-related emoji than the average.
Erica Avery was cuffed and hauled out of a Broward County courtroom Tuesday after being accused of using the internet. the 17-year-old is one of several teens charged with armed sexual battery and kidnapping in connection with the 2013 assault on a victim in Hollywood, florida. cell phone video emerged showing Erica Avery and her friend Patricia Montes leering over the victim as she writhed half naked and wept in the yard of the home of Jay
cabbie 'uncle Teng' came up with unique tipping system ten years ago. 58-year-old from shenyang, north china, picks up eighty passengers a day. at least twenty take selfies with him and upload them to social media.
abi Gordon-Cody, 26, from Worcestershire, creates gruesome injuries using special effects. her gory recreations have earned her a loyal following of almost 3000 on Instagram.
the 51-year-old was interviewed by ITV's Julie Etchingham in Deal, Kent. he described his childhood of 'youthful excess' but gave few details. as a boy he enjoyed more 'freedom' than children today.
Alice Barker snapped her fingers and sang along as videos of her routines during the 1930s Harlem Renaissance played on the screen. she had danced at legendary clubs like the Apollo, Cotton Club and Zanzibar Club, and had appeared in movies commercials and television shows. but she had never gotten the chance to watch herself dance.
Cengiz Guven is the supervisor of site security at Lone Pine, the hilltop battlefield cemetery that will host the second Australian dawn service on Anzac Day. the 30-year-old security manager from Istanbul has been taking care of things at Lone Pine for the past four years. he's protected Russell Crowe, Naomi Campbell and Aerosmith rocker Steve Tyler.
chemical 2,4-dinitrophenol (DNP) is used in pesticides and explosives. it is thought to have killed six young people in the uk since 2008. despite dangers, the drug can be bought cheaply and easily online. some promise next-day delivery while others offer free samples.
nearly 250 cases of malignant melanoma are registered each year by those working outside in industries such as construction, agriculture and leisure. two thirds of workers who spent an average of nearly seven hours a day outdoors thought they were not at risk. more than half (59%) of those questioned reported having had sunburn - a major contributor to skin cancer - at least once in the last year.
over a three year period, Rajpal Singh, 34, had swallowed 140 coins, 150 nails and a handful of nuts, bolts and batteries. he also gulped down screws, nails and magnets. doctors carried out an endoscopy – a long, thin, tube with a camera attached – it revealed hundreds of foreign objects inside his stomach.
lib dem leader says'mask is slipping' to reveal a man uncomfortable talking about people who are not white 'lashing out' he warns 'bandwagons of the far right' are encircling an 'increasingly hapless conservative leadership'
Anna James, 32, has vowed to defy the school's ban on taking her children to the 'Obby 'Oss celebrations' she claims the rituals are part of her'religion, culture and heritage' the school blocked her request under a government crackdown.
a man rescued five horses from floodwater in his rural town of Dungog, in the NSW Hunter region. three people died in the severe weather, four houses were washed away and the town received the most rainfall it had in 100 years. the man paddled out on his surfboard to where the horses were stranded, past trees, bushes and fences submerged in the floodwater. he was helped by two women as he led two white and one chestnut horse out of the deep water
Holly Nicole Solomon, 31, pleaded guilty to aggravated assault and disorderly conduct. originally pleaded not guilty to charges of aggravated assault and disorderly conduct. but now will serve three and a half years in prison following a plea deal. she had blamed problems in their family on Barack Obama's reelection.
sperm donor Robert Preston Boardwine provided his friend Joyce Rosemary Bruce with sperm and she impregnated herself using the kitchen accessory in 2010. the pair disagreed on the level of involvement Mr Boardwine would have in his son's life, with Ms Bruce intent on raising him alone. a court has ruled that as the child's biological father, Mr Boardwine is more than a sperm donor and is entitled to be a part of his life.
'Climate change can no longer be denied. it can’t be edited out,' he said this afternoon in a speech at Everglades National Park commemorating Earth Day. 'That’s why I’ve committed the united states to lead the world in combatting this threat,' he said. the day trip to south florida, on which Obama was accompanied by bill Nye 'the science Guy,' also highlighted the massive amount of fuel it takes to power Air Force one, however
Perth couple Sharon and Nick Chalwell turned to crowdsourcing to find an egg donor. after nine unsuccessful rounds of IVF and one failed egg donor attempt the couple were inundated with women willing to help them conceive. thanks to Shannon Mann, 22, who said she has wanted to be an egg donor for many years, that dream could soon be a reality.
kidneys were extracted from a 45-year-old suffering from autosomal dominant polycystic kidney disease (ADPKD) condition causes fluid-filled cysts to grow in the kidneys, so they expand in size. a week after his initial operation, a second kidney weighing 5.5lbs (2.5kg) was removed. both kidneys beat the previous record of 4.7lbs (2.1kg) in 2011.
a 34-year-old. French-built Falcon 50 began tumbling through the air on. friday. advisers described being. 'thrown around the cabin' when the plane landed safely back in Belgrade. one adviser said she would 'never step foot on that plane again'
the £2.99 photo editing app is designed to help you edit your portrait photographs into 'perfection' you can remove spots, improve skin texture and enhance eyes. you can also fix grey hair, reshape your face and fill in bald patches. you can also whiten teeth, remove wrinkles and shorten a face entirely.
discount supermarket under fire for failing to notify customers of credit card fees. the Australian Securities and Investments Commission (ASIC) took action against the supermarket last year after an investigation revealed it did not disclose a 0.5 percent surcharge on transactions made using tap and go contactless payment systems. some stores still do not have signs at entrances and signs at the registers warning of the surcharge are in tiny print.
the Trussell Trust claimed that 1 million people are being fed from food banks. the figures were seized on by labour and the tUC as'shocking' but benefits chief Iain Duncan Smith questioned the figures.
Austin Hatfield, 18, found the venomous water moccasin, also known as a cottonmouth, near his Wimauma home last week. he'd been keeping the serpent in a pillowcase when it escaped over the weekend. he was rushed to a Tampa hospital in critical condition.
former teachers of al-taqwa college claim he is discriminating against female students. the principal reportedly banned female students from participating in cross country events. a group of female students wrote a letter to the principal asking him to be 'fair'
a federal judge has approved a plan to resolve concussion lawsuits brought by more than 5,000 former players that could cost the league $1billion over 65 years. the deal comes after the league has been dogged for years by complaints that it long hid the risks of repeated concussions in order to return players to the field. the total NFL payouts over 65 years, including interest and $112million sought for lawyer fees, is expected to be more than $1billion.
a 37-year-old man was cited for discharging a firearm within city limits after officers responded to a'shots fired' call early on. Monday. 'he took the computer into the back alley and fired eight. shots into the computer with a handgun, effectively disabling. it,' police said.
seven of the costumes from the 1965 classic are expected to fetch $800,000 when they are auctioned off at the end of the month. the flamboyant regalia is made by Maria - played by Julie Andrews - at the start of the film to add a splash of color to the siblings’ drab uniforms.
human traffickers run huge benefit frauds in the UK, including one that was used to fund a housing development in Slovakia. the vile trade also includes the sale of young girls for prostitution and sham marriages. migrants desperate for a foothold in the uk then claim they have a human right to a family life in the uk to raise the child.
for the first time ever, fans can see a detailed breakdown of how support for each club varies around the world. the map was created by looking at the official Twitter accounts for each team, using their followers as an indicator of allegiance. using the 'Zoom to' function fans can also look at any country around the world.
five-year-old has spent more than a year in australia's offshore Nauru detention centre. she has self-harmed by swallowing shampoo and nails and has been diagnosed with post-traumatic stress disorder. her father has applied for a protection visa for his family after fearing for his life and fleeing from the military police in Iran. the visa can take up to three years to process according to the department of immigration.
24-year-old, named locally as sid Ahmed Ghlam, arrested in 13th arrondissement. police found documents mentioning al qaeda and al qaeda at his home. also found evidence on his computer that he was in contact with a man in Syria. 'clearly asked him to target a church,' prosecutor said this afternoon. arrest came just hours after murder of 33-year-old mother aurelie Chatelain. she
global population of humpback whales to be declassified as 'endangered' it follows a conservation'success story' that raised numbers to 90,000. ten of these would be 'not at risk', two would be 'threatened' and two would remain 'endangered'
scientists in Belgium say all sweet potatoes contain 'foreign DNA'. Agrobacterium bacteria in the crop exchanges genes between species. this makes sweet potatoes a 'natural genetically modified organism' this makes sweet potatoes a 'natural genetically modified organism' and humans have been eating it for thousands of years.
antitrust chief said gazprom was barring EU clients from selling on its gas to other states - a particular concern in recent efforts to aid Ukraine. state-controlled gazprom is vital supplier of energy to. Europe despite the EU's frequent political disputes with Moscow.
Samantha Rawcliffe, 40, lost control of her bladder and was shaking uncontrollably. in the days after the accident she lost control of her bladder repeatedly. tests revealed she had functional neurological disorder - an umbrella term for a wide variety of neurological symptoms doctors cannot explain. she has since had to give up her job as a teaching assistant.
the 27-year-old man tried to flee the area after a woman's body was found. he ran into bushland after police stopped a blue Hyundai getz car. 'Show me your hands!' the arresting police officer screamed at the man. the man did as he was told and gave himself up without a struggle. police are investigating whether the body is that of missing woman.
Ricky Woolaston, 35, posed as maintenance engineer to gain access to students' homes. he pinched laptops and mobile phones to feed his drug habit. but he was caught when he left behind a bag containing a police charge sheet. the thief was sentenced to four years in prison at Birmingham crown court.
Gregg Manderson, 68, of St Paul, Minnesota, first sought medical help after he got Twinkle Twinkle Little Star stuck in his mind last may. he has also hallucinated the theme song to the western 1950s television show Cheyenne had the same mysterious bugle call stuck in his head for years. neurologist Dr Khalaf Alla Bushara and researcher Roger Dumas have looked for a way to end the earworm.
the 29-year-old allegedly dropped the drug into the clubber's drink. today, he appeared at Isleworth crown court in a smart pinstripe suit. he was released on bail but banned from attending the nightclub.
Charlotte Blakeway was discovered dead in the bath at her home in Shropshire. the 17-year-old was studying film, performance, english and sociology. her mother said she was talented singer who dreamed of becoming an actress.
Hayley Carney will undergo surgery to complete gender transition. she will move to live with fiancee, identified only as Anne, in Plymouth, Devon. she will then have six months to apply for a marriage visa.
sheepdog leaned on the controls before sending tractor on to the motorway. he smashed through a fence before hitting the central reservation barrier. don was unhurt in the ordeal but the incident caused major tailbacks.
the 52-year-old was speeding in an SUV on Tuesday evening when he rear-ended a Honda, causing a chain-reaction crash involving two other vehicles. after the crash, Knievel drove off but his car was found nearby and he was seen walking about a block away. officers noticed that he had a bloody lip and smelled of alcohol, but he refused to perform a breath test and so officers got a search warrant to take a blood sample.
of the 446 people on board the italian rescue vessel, the navy said 59 of them were children. they were dropped off in the Sicilian port of augusta today after their smuggler boat was picked up off the coast of the italian mainland.
William Smith was 15 when he fell in love with his best friend's mother, Marilyn Buttigieg. the couple, from Crawley, west Sussex, shared their first date and kiss in 2005. but they came under fire from family and friends for the substantial age gap. they tied the knot six years ago this month, after being together for four years.
dr Christopher Valentine, 52, was sacked from a sexual health clinic nine years ago. he was hauled before the general medical council for photographing half-naked male and female patients without consent. but he was not struck off and went to work at an NHS service for drug addicts and alcoholics. a nurse saw images of a semi-naked man on his iPod touch during a night out.
university of Illinois scientists have created the first 3D simulation of merging black holes in a disk. it shows what happens when two supermassive black holes collide. material swirls around the objects in a quasar and jets fire out from the poles in the merger. the simulation is particularly interesting because recent observations show two such black holes are going to collide in just seven years.
the hysterical real housewife broke down in tears and went into full meltdown as observers revealed she bolted from the room where Dr Phil had offered to help place her in a top treatment program. but she apparently snubbed Dr Phil's offer of help as eyewitnesses in the hallway heard her scream 'f***' and other obscenities when she ran out of the room and down the hall. three of Richards' children, Brooke, 29, Chad, 22, and
the matches are made using an incredibly tough coating that smoulders. they will start burning again once they come into contact with oxygen. the unique matches have to go through rigorous testing to make sure they keep alight in even the most difficult situations. they include 25 matches in a completely waterproof case with and three strike pads.
the bash-the-rich candidate flew first class from Boston to Washington, D.C. after wrapping up a two-day campaign trip to new hampshire. 'when are you going to start talking to the press about Benghazi?' she asked. 'did you make mistakes?' she stared straight ahead, continued walking alongside her secret service and local police escorts, and said nothing.
Yom Hazikaron - or memorial day - is held the day before Israel's independence day. cinemas, theatres and nightclubs are closed by law during the sombre day. many Israelis attend memorial services for relatives and friends who have died.
scientists at the university of southern california have identified a gene, named Nox3, found in the inner ear. it is crucial in determining how vulnerable a person is to developing hearing loss.
male and female stegosaurus had different shaped armoured plates running along their backs. raises the possibility that the dinosaurs used its giant bony protrusions to attract a mate. experts say male stegosaurus could have used them to show off their prowess in much the same way as peacocks do today.
'millions' of refugees could arrive on boats in the next few years unless they are intercepted and turned back now. he insisted the UK could not take more than 'a few thousand' genuine refugees. comments come as experts warn up to 30,000 migrants, including 2,500 children, could be killed this year unless crisis is tackled.
bosses still haven't found a replacement for Jeremy Clarkson for the show. bosses insist there is 'no ban on Jeremy being on the BBC'. top gear presenter was sacked from the motoring show last month. final scenes filmed before his sacking will be aired this summer, she says.
35-year-old Laura Eugenia Smith faces multiple charges, including DUI, child endangerment and public intoxication. a witness noticed the girl driving Smith's car with Smith sitting in the passenger seat. the girl was released to her mother and the department of child services were notified.
images show handcuffed members from the notorious Barrio 18 gang being marched onto buses taking them from Izalco jail to San Francisco Gotera. in all 1,177 Barrio 18 members were transferred. in potentially incendiary move, Barrio 18 members at the jail will mix with rivals from the hyper-violent mara salvatrucha gang, or MS-13.
comedian and mother-of-one Raquel D'Apice, from new jersey, has put her own personal spin on crowd-sourced assessments by creating Yelp Reviews of Newborns. the entertaining collection of spoof critiques highlight the real struggles plaguing new parents today.
'no. None of it is true,' she said in a series of interviews published in the latest edition of the australian women's weekly. it is the first time she has spoken publicly since - under fire from furious fans. the wellness blogger was a prominent australian social media personality. her business empire was destroyed and her online community in tatters.
ancient papyrus found in ancient town of Oxyrhynchus, south of Cairo. contains a medical'recipe' for treating a 'drunken headache' written in Greek. it recommends stringing the leaves of a shrub called Alexandrian chamaedaphne together.
graeme finlay, 53, claims he acted in self-defence after being attacked. he is accused of attacking husband and wife on board a luxury cruise ship. he claims he swung his arms to defend himself when he was attacked.
Cetaphil is responsible for glowing skin of a host of stars. it is fragrance and soap free and contains just eight ingredients. it is favoured by ezcema and psoriasis sufferers.
former model could not walk straight when police stopped her Lexus. the 41-year-old refused to give a breath sample after coming to a halt. she had downed a bottle of wine while her son was away on a trip. when officers finally managed to breathalyse her she was three times the limit.
five illegal pit bull terrier-type dogs were brutally trained to take part in illegal dog fights at a make-shift farm in Lancashire. footage shows the animals were held in electrical shock collars, covered with scars and kept in urine-soaked cages without water. three men involved in illegal dog fights have been fined a total of £40,000 for a catalogue of appalling animal cruelty offences.
in the first four months of 2015, there have been 5,080 flight cancellations. compared to 4,239 cancellations during the same period in 2014. low-cost carrier monarch has seen the greatest increase in delays.
Erik de Vries, 24, and Josephine Egberts, 22, were separated in 1999. their father took them to be with their twin brother maarten and mother stayed with them in their native Netherlands. only after Erik moved back to the uk and swiped 'right' on her profile photo that they were reunited.
parents should use 'carrot and stick' approach to get children to do things they don't want to do, says sir James Munby. he suggests confiscating mobiles, grounding teenagers and 'threats falling short of brute force'
the NFL announced today that Greg Hardy would be suspended without pay for 10 games at the start of the 2015 season. this comes almost one year after he was convicted by a judge of beating, strangling and threatening to kill his ex-girlfriend, Nicki Holder. the decision to ban Hardy followed a two-month investigation that started after the dismissal of his domestic violence case in February.
Christopher Starrs, 50, was allowed to go free from court with just a suspended jail sentence in January after admitting his part in a two-and-a-half year con against his employer. he invented clamped cars, overtime hours and damage to home owners’ property during broadband installation. both starrs and fellow BT Openreach manager Phillip Tamplin, 53, made £124,000 from the con.
'n', now 21, is a shadow of the bubbly, precocious teenager snared. she still suffers frightening flashbacks of the abuse that turned her into a virtual recluse. 'i cry out in my sleep almost every night. I dream it (the abuse by Glitter) is happening again,' she said.
Alaskan Husky, Sarabi, was returned to a friend of the musher Laura Allaway, on Monday night who will be reunited with the animal on April 28. the three-year-old dog was spotted on April 15 near Glenn Highway and then again last Friday near Rev. Tim Carrick's United Protestant Presbyterian Church. carrick and his family set up a cage trap in the woods between the church and his home, and used four bowls of dog kibbles, a pot
pm said labour had left millions trapped on welfare in a system which 'punished the poor' accused Ed Miliband and Ed Balls of having'some brass neck' by attacking the tories for failing the poor. added: 'true compassion isn’t giving people a benefits cheque – it’s giving them a chance'
Natali Castellanos-Tyler, 30, a married mother of three from Chesterfield county, was returning home from a birthday party with her daughter, Elisa, in the backseat when she allegedly slid off a rain-soaked road and careened into a tree. investigators concluded that the crash was a one-car collision that was caused by poor road conditions.'she’ll just start walking and she’ll start screaming, "The van, the white van!"
'greedy' cashier stole £15,000 from currency exchange Kanoo Travel. 22-year-old spent it staying in hotels and living 'opulent lifestyle', court heard. judge ordered her to do 240 hours of unpaid work, adding: 'i hope she ends up doing work that gets her hands dirty'
photographer's daughter was photographed standing near a rocky outcrop in zushi, japan, in July 2014. father, who wished not to be named, said he had 'no idea' what the object could be. 'i just kind of obsess over that one photo for a couple of hours that evening and then tried to forget about it,' he said.
the long-awaited apple watch is about to go from being on display to being on the wrist of buyers world-wide. a survey of five tech experts found a less than enthusiastic response to the current offerings available on the watch. they all expect the second version to be a vast improvement, pointing to a long lasting battery life as the number one feature missing. 'if you’re going to spend between $499 and $24,000 on the first edition, you might end up being disappointed with its functionality in 11 months
the Trussell Trust admitted in a climbdown that 'these are not all unique users' it emerged last night that its true number of users is likely to be no more than half a million. the corporation also retreated yesterday, toning down its coverage.
church treasurer accused of killing his wife of two years after marriage collapsed. veered off the motorway on way back from'make or break' trip with wife. 51-year-old's car ploughed through undergrowth before hitting a tree. she was flown to hospital by helicopter but died two days later.
Brett Robinson, 33, is facing 12 charges related to sexual misconduct and official misconduct. she allegedly let the inmate out of his cell multiple times and engaged in sex acts between March and July last year. the two had sex in a maximum security control room known as 'the bubble' and would talk using an intercom when Robinson's manager left the room. she 'felt flattered by the compliments she got from the inmate and started to open up to him' last month, her colleague
'skull' snack is two inches tall by two-and-a-half inches wide. he was eating a bag of cheese and onion crisps when he found it. floor-fitter has decided to keep it as it is more impressive than other examples.
baboucarr ceesay was among 900 migrants who drowned in boat disaster. talented footballer from the Gambia believed to have died on fishing boat. his aunt has demanded human traffickers be brought to justice. she said: 'his mother will never get his body back. she'll never ask him why he did it'
the 34-year-old actor lost 30lbs to play freelance crime reporter Lou in 2014 thriller nightcrawler. he also had to put on 15lbs of muscle to play the desperate fighter Billy Hope. according to his trainer, former professional boxer Terry Claybon, it took a huge amount of work to get the actor ripped for the shoot.
the James Webb Space Telescope will be 100 times more potent than Hubble. it will be able to see back to 200 million years after the big bang. the project has drawn scrutiny from lawmakers for its ballooning costs. but the agency has promised to keep the next-generation telescope on track for its October 2018 launch.
the spanish royal was joined by husband King Felipe, 47, at the Casa Real. she was joined by award-winning writer Juan Goytisolo for lunch. letizia was wearing a £49.99 mango jumpsuit that showed off her slender frame.
fashion targets breast cancer has cast plus-size models in its new campaign. the charity was founded by Ralph Lauren in 1994 and aims to unite women of all shapes for a worthwhile cause. this follows the first leg of the campaign, which launched earlier this month and starred models Abbey Clancy, 29, and Alice Dellal, 27, and singer Foxes, 25.
the dishevelled-looking vehicle is a celebrated 1962 Aston Martin DB4 Series III. it will be worth three times its £220,000 price if fully restored. restoration project will cost up to £350,000 - meaning whoever buys it will have to pay at least £570,000 to return it to former glory.
jilted husband pounced on his estranged wife as she lay flowers at his grandmother's grave. he lunged at her, knocking her over and grabbing her round the throat. she managed to struggle free momentarily before he jumped on her again, brandishing a knife. he only stopped stabbing her when she 'played dead' and a member of the public intervened.
the DB4 was one of the most luxurious cars of its day, costing £4,000. it was delivered to the actor at a Swiss hotel at a time when the average house price in the uk was just £2,500.
male competitors on the island had not eaten for two weeks when they killed what producers thought was a common caiman - a small, relatively common reptile. suspicions were raised when the animal slain on camera appeared larger than usual, and it has now turned out to be an endangered american crocodile. conservationists are in agreement that illegal hunting and habitat destruction have left it critically endangered.
micheal John Duffy, 34, pleaded not guilty to murdering colleen Deborah Ayers, 33. her body was uncovered in a shallow grave on her parent's 25-acre lakesland property near Picton, south west of Sydney. he told the court his former flame had a 'twisted desire to kill' and he had only dug the victim's grave. he claimed his co-accused, 'rachael' Evans,
the men - all aged in their 50s and from the york area - were arrested this morning. the body of the missing chef, 35, has still not been found. officers have launched a fresh search for evidence which could lead to her whereabouts, which is set to continue over a number of days.
food website Food52's 'Not Sad Desk Lunch' series demonstrates just how simple it can be to bring healthy, cost-effective lunches to work. easy-to-assemble options include cheese, crackers and charcuterie. if you're after something simple, cheese, crackers and charcuterie will do the job.
the 13th Annual Tommy Tune Awards will air on ABC-13 on Sunday, June 21 at 12pm.
Jerry Moon's family only discovered the blunder when they opened the casket to say their final goodbyes. they were horrified to find the body of 97-year-old Robert Petitclerc wrapped in a plastic bag. the family is now seeking unspecified damages for emotional distress.
naatsit is adorned with beads and would have been sewn together by a woman using strips of seal pelt. it is currently on display at the National Museum of Denmark in Copenhagen as part of its animal-skin clothing collection. it was obtained during an expedition to the ammassalik settlement in greenland in 1892 by Captain C. Ryder.
in January the commission branded hinchingbrooke in. Cambridgeshire as 'inadequate' and placed it in special measures. but today the watchdog will upgrade this to'requires improvement' and publish a glowing report.
the unusual maneuver led to a three-day, unpaid suspension for Trooper Abraham Martinez last year. the 10-year veteran trooper took chase when 25-year-old Steven Gaydos ran a stop sign near Houston in 2012. but troopers followed him for nearly 40 miles at speeds of 130 mph before Martinez pulled alongside him and fired four times through the window of his moving car. the motorcyclist then raised his hand and pulled over and, as he tried to put down his kickstand, Martinez suddenly
a survey found almost half of dog owners did not know ticks can transmit deadly diseases to both humans and other dogs. over half, 54 per cent, also confessed they did not know that Lyme disease, a potentially fatal illness caught from tick bites, affects their pets as well as themselves.
the Glasford school in Illinois hosted one of several simulations put on by the American Red Cross to educate students on the dangers of drunk driving. the staged event on Thursday used student actors playing accident victims and used real local police, fire and rescue personnel responding to the scene.
beauty high's rolly Robinson, 17, transforms himself into a Kylie Jenner lookalike with the help of various make-up products and a lip suction cup.
Charlesetta Taylor, 79, has lived in her home for 70 years, and was part of the first African-American family in her neighborhood. now the city of st. louis may tear down her home, and 49 others, to make way for a campus for the national geospatial-intelligence agency. 'we celebrated everything in here, and there was always something going on,' she said.
rep. steve knight, 48, was hosting an open house event at his office in simi valley, california, last friday when he was accosted by activists. a man named'mike' introduced himself as knight and began to shake his hand at length. he then patted him on the back and said: 'if you touch me again, I'll drop your a**' the former cop-turned-lawmaker went on to explain to the activists that
smoke billows from pilot's single-engine plane above old buckenham airfield. man in his 50s tragically died when plane crashed 50 metres from crowd. friend of pilot named locally as 'david Jenkins' said: 'he was the best bloke I knew'
former first minister mocked labour after it slapped down its Scottish leader. 'i knew that [he wouldn't be writing it] already – because i'm writing the labour party budget,' he declared. joked that he would 'check his top pocket' – a reference to a miniature Mr Miliband in his breast pocket.
model and tv personality jesinta Campbell was a fan of wellness blogger Belle Gibson. she followed her inspirational story of cancer survival and followed her blog. but she has finally admitted she faked her multiple cancer diagnoses. she has joined the chorus of angry followers who say they feel insulted by her deception.
former SS sergeant described how cattle cars full of Jews were brought to the Auschwitz death camp, the people stripped of their belongings and then most led directly into gas chambers. he is being tried on 300,000 counts of accessory to murder, related to a period between may and July 1944. around 425,000 Jews from Hungary were brought to the Auschwitz-Birkenau complex in Nazi-occupied Poland and most immediately gassed to death. during that period, so many trains were arriving that often two
an eight-year-old boy named Peter penned a letter to health conscious Michelle Obama to tell her one ketchup packet at lunch simply is not enough. according to Peter's father, the letter submitted to The Weekly Standard took six-months to write because troubled Peter was 'too angry' to write it all down in one sitting. he also criticizes the First Lady for America's lack of troops in the Middle East and in the Ukraine. he also suggests that the united
mother of the duchess of cambridge emailed customers of her party firm. re commends the Chevron Divine tablewear range for parents-to-be. cheapest item in the range is a £2.79 set of party cups.
after appearing on Finding Your Roots and learning one of his ancestors was a slave owner, Affleck pushed the network to leave that information out of the program it was first revealed. this enabled Affleck to hide the identity of his ancestor, named today by the sun as James McGuire, who kept eight slaves on his farm in Trenton in the 1840s. today the actor apologized for asking producers to leave out the name in a post on facebook.
Christopher Swain wore a protective suit as he went over a railing and into the water around 2pm Wednesday in Brooklyn. he swam about an hour into the canal in a stunt to urge environmental clean up that succumbed to the water's pollution. the 19th-century canal was once a major transportation route, but it's now so polluted with industrial and sewer discharges that it must, by law, be cleaned up.
alleged victim was a pupil at top independent school in south west london. she is facing three counts of indecent assault and two counts of gross indecency. the charges have not yet been formally put and Chandler has not entered pleas.
flight 5622, operating as a united express, plunged nearly 30,000 feet in eight minutes and made an emergency landing in Buffalo, new york. the situation arose about an hour after take-off, when three passengers on the Embraer 175 twin-jet from Chicago to Connecticut lost consciousness and others began feeling dizzy and sick. the airline initially claimed the plane landed 'out of an abundance of caution' because of one sick passenger and denied there was any mechanical malfunction.
the family of 'Bou Bou' Phonesavanh suffered serious burns to his face and had his nipple blown off in the may incident. his family says the medical bills have surpassed $1 million. while the settlement isn't enough to cover the continued medical care Bou Bou will require as he gets older, the family's settlement does not preclude continued litigation.
the mother of Odin Lloyd is moving forward with a civil lawsuit against him. her lawyer said the former new england patriots player will be called to testify at the trial. 'i always wished I was there to take those bullets for Odin,' she said.
the former tory party chairman said the pm had never had a 'proper job' he also criticised the pm's tactics in playing up the threat of a labour-snp government. the former airline pilot suggested voters north of the border vote tactically for labour.
the previous law only stipulated a ban on intercourse which harmed the animals. agriculture minister: 'the current legislation does not protect the animals enough'
images taken on frontline of fighting in countryside outside rebel-held city of Aleppo. show prisoner wearing orange jumpsuit being forced to knees before being shot. images released on same day as they bizarrely attempted to portray everyday life as happy and carefree.
Across 10 constituencies, Ukip has fallen 18 points behind the tories and seven behind labour. revelation comes as Deputy prime minister admits he'made some mistakes' but insists he has 'a bit of the old vim and vigour back'
police in Limington, Maine, were responding to reports that an apparently drunk woman was walking in and out of traffic on a road. when she refused to give the name of her captors, police checked her ID and found that she was out on bail. once they learned she had bail conditions not to possess or consume alcohol they went to arrest her. however, she became violent, and attempted to head-butt a deputy before 'thrusting her head onto the trunk of his cruiser on two occasions'
announcement confirms rumors that some researchers have been conducting ethically questionable genetic experiments. the team tried to tweak the gene responsible for -thalassaemia, a potentially deadly blood disorder, using a germ line editing technique known as CRISPR/Cas9. but the researchers involved said that their results revealed'serious obstacles' in using the technique.
professional hand model Emily, 25, from Shropshire, earns £100 an hour. has appeared in adverts for Bosch and on the Disney channel. used to write beauty pages for a magazine but everyone would mention her hands.
woman, who did not want to be identified, escaped from the terror group. she said women are forced to cover up in a burka and must not go out alone. said fear of IS is making many join them - 'better to take the things they offer than die of hunger'
nine-year-old was raped and murdered by migrant Zbigniew Huminsk on april 15. her body was found in a migrant camp in northern france last week. a national outpouring of grief sparked a national outpouring of grief.
mandy o'riordan, 47, left with life-threatening injuries to chest, torso and back. he placed GPS tracker on her car as he hired private detective to watch her. he soon discovered wife was having affair with married postman, Nick Gunn. postman, 41, nicknamed 'Tommy' by friends and family, lived and worked in village.
Lord Janner signed over the deeds of his £2million home to his children. the move comes at the height of the police paedophile case against him. his duplex apartment was transferred free of charge to his daughters and son. revelation follows an outcry over the decision not to prosecute the peer.
prince alwaleed bin Talal reportedly promised to give 100 Bentleys to pilots. he made the pledge on social media but the post has since been deleted. bombing raids in the country have killed at least 944 people and wounded 3,480.
one in five australians shop online at night in bed, according to a new study. 86 per cent of those surveyed admit to turning to online retailers to purchase items they're too embarrassed to buy in stores. more than 27 per cent of australians confess to shopping online at work and 3 per cent even took a sick day to sign for online orders when they arrived at home.
authorities named Abu Khaled al-Cambodi as a key figure in their investigation into a plot where teenagers were allegedly planning to attack police on Saturday. al-Cambodi has starred in a 12-minute long propaganda video where, cradling a gun, he has ordered his 'beloved brothers' to 'rise up' and attack targets in australia.
the actress, who underwent a double mastectomy in 2013, was referring to a genetic test that currently costs more than $3,000 (£2,000) now a Silicon Valley-based start-up is offering an at-home DNA saliva test that detects the same gene mutations priced at just $249 (£167) it tests for mutations in BRCA1 and BRCA2, along with 17 other markers, all of which are linked to an increased risk of breast and ovarian cancer. women with a mutation in BRCA
paper filters are usually used to trap coffee grounds when brewing filter coffee. but they can be used for a myriad of other household tasks, too. here, we've rounded up the 20 unusual things you can do with them.
the jury spent only about an hour deliberating before convicting 66-year-old Susan Monica of murdering two handymen on her pig farm over a one-year span. she was sentenced to life in prison, with the possibility of parole after a minimum of 50 years.
Vit Jedlicka, 31, is self-declared president of 'Liberland' located on the banks of the Danube. land was apparently forgotten when the balkan peninsula split into new countries following the breakup of Yugoslavia in the 1990s.
the 54-year-old doctor was at the center of a firestorm last week when 10 doctors sent a letter to Columbia University calling for his resignation. in a special episode of his daytime talk show, he addressed his attackers and accused them of trying to bully him into silence. 'this month, we celebrate my 1000th show,' he says in the preview.
'i have to confess I do have a slight preference' for immigrants, he said. remarks come after he demanded that refugees fleeing to Europe across the Mediterranean are sent back. he also admitted he went 'a bit wonky' and made mistakes at start of campaign.
the 1,120 sq metre room can only be accessed by a private elevator. it features three bedrooms, a pantry, a full dining room, library and cinema. spa facilities include a private steam room, sauna, jacuzzi, two treatment beds and an exercise room.
waitress reveals how the prime minister repeatedly gave her unwanted attention while she was working at a cafe in Auckland. she recounted how he kept playfully pulling her hair despite being told to stop during election time last year. but he defended his pranks as 'a bit of banter' and said he had already apologised for his actions.
the pair were at advantage children's day nursery in surbiton, south west london. they were supposed to be highlighting plans to double free childcare for 600,000 children. but when they tried to put puzzle back together, they hit trouble.
the family of Stephanie Scott's accused murdered have offered their condolences ahead of her funeral on Wednesday. school cleaner Vincent Stanford, 24, is accused of murdering the teacher on Easter Sunday and dumping her body in bushland. a memorial service for the 26-year-old will take place in Eugowra in NSW's central west, at the venue where her wedding was due to be held.
a leading professor of psychiatry said the misconception that low levels of serotonin were responsible for depression had become established fact. he suggested the success of so-called SSRI drugs – which include Prozac and Seroxat – was based on the ‘marketing of a myth’. depression should be re-defined as an infectious disease rather than an emotional disorder, argues one scientist.
Tianwen Chen, 65, and his wife Gairen Guo, 60, found their first child in a box on the roadside in 1989. gradually took more and more disabled children into their two-bedroom home in rural Shanxi province, central china. but the couple have faced a great deal of heartache over the years and are only now living comfortably with 12 of the children.
'he may be a prince of the realm, but under it all he is a new man, bowing to convention like a willow branch in the flood,' says quentin letts.
the 18-year-old underwent a risky operation to remove a brain tumour. he was told he had only weeks to live and only one surgeon in australia was willing to perform the operation. 'it's such a relief, it's just amazing. Jackson is a fighter!' his mother said. 'the surgeon told him to try and lift up his arm. and he did! Like that! We couldn't believe it,' his mother said.
the comedian pretended to trip and fall in front of the couple, collapsing in a heap on the red carpet. the three were just a few of the big names who turned out for the annual event held at Jazz at Lincoln Center in new york city.
a new york skin clinic's popular light and laser facial promises to tighten skin and improve complexion after just ten minutes. clients must sign a waiver releasing their personal information to a funeral director and a coroner 'for identification purposes' and grant permission for their organs to be donated. the clinic has even had to extend its hours in order to accommodate all of its bookings.
a touching funeral service was held in central-west NSW on wednesday. hundreds gathered to pay their respects to the teacher who was allegedly murdered on Easter Sunday. her fiance and partner of five years, Aaron Leeson-Woolley, was among the mourners. her sister, Kim, shared humorous childhood memories of her daughter with the crowd.
Colin Gilpatric, who has autism, wrote a letter to the Star Wars creator asking him to change the rule that bans the Knights from marrying. 'i don't like that a Jedi cannot get married. I want to get married without becoming a Sith. Please change the rule,' he wrote. soon enough, a package from Lucasfilm arrived for Colin in the mail, and his mother was on hand to film him opening it up.
eleven leading figures from nine parties have written a joint letter questioning the decision not to prosecute Lord Janner over child abuse. they said director of public prosecutions Alison Saunders was 'damaging public confidence' in the justice system with her ruling. at least 19 men with dementia have been convicted of child sex offences since 2010 including ten in the past year.
despite having several tattoos while he was in the marines, it is the one he got on his forearm after he left – a pair of crossed rifles and 0311 designation for marine riflemen – that has cost him his chance at re-enlisting. while members of his unit - Camp Lejeune's 2nd Battalion, 8th Marines – are being deployed to Europe as part of a crisis-response force, he is being
the page, entitled 'Sofia's Medical and Family Expenses', had raised just $195 but was asking for $3,000. 'this happened 2 weeks after Sofia underwent heart surgery to repair a defect that she was born with,' it read. the page, which has now been removed, is written from the point of view of a family friend - who allegedly does not exist.
George Nagobads, 93, was visiting his wife's grave at the Crystal Lake Cemetery in Minneapolis on Sunday when he was allegedly beaten by a snowbrush. he was released from the hospital on Tuesday with 18 stitches in his head. Nagobads was team doctor for the 'Miracle on Ice' team that won the improbable gold medal in lake placid in 1980.
labour leader insists he does not live in a'mansion' despite admitting it is worth 'between £2m and £3m' claims he would have to pay £250 a month'mansion tax' on homes worth more than £2m. comes despite revelations his four-storey Victorian town house has two kitchens.
Ganjendra Singh, 41, was seen sitting in the tree for some time before throwing a suicide note into the crowd. seconds later he hanged himself with a white scarf and - despite the best efforts of rally organisers who climbed the tree to untie him - was later declared dead. the demonstrations were organised by members of the Aam Aadmi political party, including chief minister arvind Kejriwal.
chess prodigy drew a chess match with a grandmaster four times his age. after two hours of play, chess grandmaster Alexander Cherniaev offered a draw. 'you expect grandmasters to destroy people,' says his proud father.
swazi gold is grown in the tiny state of Swaziland, where the climate and nutrient-rich soil is perfect for growing marijuana. farmers have developed the potent strain through cross-pollination, and can now yield double the crop they once could annually. it boasts a staggeringly high concentration of THC, the psychoactive agent which produces the high, which finds its way either to the streets of the UK or the streets of Johannesburg.
Phoebe Jo Chapman, 42, turned herself in to the Lowndes County sheriff's office in Valdosta, georgia on Tuesday morning. she has since been charged with three counts of sexual assault - one for each victim. the career and technical instruction teacher resigned from the school as the investigation got underway.
police say a woman dressed professionally introduced herself to Samantha Fleming's boyfriend as a department of child services worker on a surprise visit. but investigators say the woman, Geraldine R. Jones, never worked for the child-welfare agency and that her visit was part of an elaborate scheme to steal the 17-day-old baby and claim the child as her own. why the young mother and her daughter, Serenity, left the apartment with her, and why she left the apartment with her, were key
dress is available online for just £80 and can be worn again rather than stashed away. comes in sizes six to 18 and features a quirky lace neckline and flattering fit.
as many as 1.9 million foreigners travelling on short term visas are predicted to be spending time down under this year. a record 185,000 permanent migrants moved to australia in 1969. this figure is likely to be exceeded in 2015 as people are moving to the Lucky Country in droves.
12 cases resulted in the pilots requesting a priority landing. one flight was diverted and on two flights the pilots made an emergency call. figures have re-opened the argument about whether prolonged exposure to the air in planes is safe.
fire boat Massey Shaw was requisitioned from the London Fire Brigade in 1940 and transported to Dunkirk to help with evacuation of Allied troops. after carrying 600 soldiers back to Britain, the boat returned to London where it helped to save St Paul's Cathedral and other buildings damaged in the Blitz. it went out of service in 1971, and four decades was used as a walkway in a London dock, allowing people to get to other bessels. now volunteers are hoping to transport the boat
Marcus copeland, 44, splashed out almost £1million to build his dream home. he sourced specialist Scottish stone and installed eco-friendly technologies. the married father-of-two's dream had become a nightmare after he admitted lying on mortgage forms to secure more than £800,000 for the property.
Marine le Pen, 46, was named one of the time 100 most influential people. she took over from her father, 86, in 2011. leader of anti-immigration front spoke of representing a 'great political force'
biologists studied the healing process at a molecular level using electron microscopes to examine skin as it repairs itself. they found skin cells appear to attach to each other using tiny tubes that then pull them together so they interlock like a zip. the findings could help in the development of new treatments for wounds that could speed up this process.
Ronan Ghosh, 39, was filmed attempting to smuggle the goods out of the store. he was caught after heading to a Tesco store following an argument. his own barrister told the judge the offence 'beggars belief'
surgeon Sergio Canavero says he is ready to be branded a 'Dr Frankenstein' he says he will carry out the procedure in china if he is banned from doing so in the EU or former Soviet Union. but critics say his plans are a fantasy.
the 27-year-old actress welcomed her first child with Ryan Reynolds in January. she has been out and about promoting her upcoming movie, age of adaline. she has shunned the gym in favour of al fresco activities.
Sally Lutkin, 49, had a rose surrounded by grandchildren's names tattooed on her leg. but the tattoo became so swollen that she couldn't walk, forcing her to rush to hospital for emergency surgery. she was left with a bloody hole resembling a gunshot in the middle of her design.
a group of female fans have dubbed themselves the 'Milifans' behind the #milifandom hashtag is @twcuddleston, an AS Levels student by the name of Abby. the unlikely fan club has prompted hundreds of tweets from fellow users who share their affection for the labour leader.
the strapless dress is a red carpet staple for fine-boned actresses. but can a woman with 34G curves ever look fab in a strapless dress?
'the five historic mass extinctions eliminated 70 per cent or more of all species in a relatively short time. that is not going on now,' says author. he argues it is highly unlikely that the planet is facing a sixth mass extinction as many threatened species are recovering.
american writer Scott Keyes, 28, is about to travel 20,000 miles on 21 flights. he says credit cards are the best way to rack up frequent flyer miles. keyes has written two books, How To Fly For Free and How To Find Cheap Flights.
Shirley Temple's bitter ex-husband tried to derail her appointment to a diplomatic post by calling her 'emotionally unstable' during her FBI background check. John George Agar told an agent in 1969 to think twice because Temple would 'overreact if she didn't get her way'. he also said that her mother had wrecked their marriage because she interfered in their affairs too much. his efforts were unsuccessful as dozens of other people including Ronald Reagan came to Temple's defense and called
in two years the Thames Bath Lido, which will sit near blackfriars bridge, should open with the backing of a recently launched crowdfunding project. the plans have moved far quicker than an initial ten-year initiative to clean up the Thames with the aid of celebrities such as artist Tracy Emin. walliams has said if the water is clean enough he will be the first to jump in.
YouTube entertainer Yousef Saleh Erakat disguised himself as a homeless man to see what would happen if he offered people on the street his own money instead. 'in today's society it's socially acceptable for the wealthy to give money to the homeless,' he explains in the video.
the number of middle-aged women with very long natural hair is on the rise, according to beauty experts. 'it makes me crazy when people say you have to cut your hair short once you hit 50,' says supermodel Twiggy.
the video was recorded in the state of Washington, where recreational use of marijuana was legalized in July of last year. 'it's like the last piece of prohibition,' says Robert, 73, who worked as a police officer from 1970 to 1986.
laTasha Gosling, 27, of Tisdale, Saskatchewan, and her two daughters, Janyaa, 4, and Jenika, 8, and her son Landen, 7, were discovered early Wednesday. the suspect in the case was found just hours later dead, and police would not say how he died but did say that it was not a homicide. he also had a six-month-old baby with him who was unharmed.
twitter users edit Miliband's face on famous men's bodies to make him look cool. marlon brando, johnny depp and even tv's latest heart-throb have had makeovers. cool Ed Miliband, created last weekend, has already attracted 3,500 followers.
Elvis presley bought both planes in 1975. they are to be moved from his estate to a nearby site. tourists will have to pay extra if they want to see them.
Gulam Chowdhury, 24, stabbed his love rival to death at an east London cab office. he quoted verses from the qatar before stabbing Mohammed Afzal 20 times. ms Riaz, 22, was terrified he would show intimate pictures of her to her father. her parents were unaware she was friendly with either man. a jury of seven men and five women found him guilty of murder.
ESPN reporter Shelley Smith is set to return to work six months after announcing she had breast cancer. the veteran reporter will make her first appearance on April 30, just before the NFL draft. she revealed on twitter last October that she had breast cancer and since then has undergone chemotherapy.
Aaron Siler, 26, was fatally shot after he 'armed himself with a weapon' after being confronted by officer Pablo Torres on march 14. in the meantime a billboard, paid for by the Kenosha professional police association, has been erected featuring a photograph of Torres and his dog. 'thank you for your support, Kenosha,' it reads. 'i felt like they were saying thank you for killing Aaron,' said family friend Kathy
the five-star hotel in porto has been open for just five years - a fraction of the age of some of the pricier bottles in its wine cellar. the hotel is dedicated to all things wine, but it's not just for enthusiasts. with more than 80 wines by the glass it is the only bar in porto to remain open 24 hours a day.
Tom McTevia, 42, was traveling with a group and driving his friend Tina Hoisington, 45, near an overlook at Lake Pend Oreille in Bonner County on Sunday. when the group stopped for a photograph around noon, his ATV got too close to the edge of the 2,000-foot cliff and went over. a firefighter reached the first victim's body after rappelling down 500 feet of rock, and the second victim was found 1,100 feet below the edge.
pub landlord was convicted of drink driving after claiming he was sleepwalking. the 36-year-old claimed he went to bed at 12.30am and awoke beside his car. he was convicted of drink-driving, failing to stop after an accident, failing to report an accident, and driving dangerously.
king goodwill zwelithini blamed for sparking xenophobic violence against foreigners. last month he said foreigners should 'pack their belongings' and leave. he has also courted the wrath of women's rights and HIV/aids campaigners.
brachycephaly is where the back of the head becomes flattened, causing the head to widen and the front of the skull to bulge out. it is thought to be caused by babies sleeping on their backs. as it is not medically dangerous, the NHS does not pay for treatment. instead, parents are advised to move their children on to their stomachs.
grey and white cat became stuck in a gap in between two garages in bristol. he was left hanging upside down for over two hours and the RSPCA were unable to coax him out. firefighters were forced to chisel through a brick wall to free him.
the white house said Tuesday that Nye, who has degrees in engineering but was made famous by his 90s era television show for school children, 'Bill Nye the Science Guy,' would make the trek today on its behalf to shoot a video of the president. on the road trip from Joint Base Andrews in Maryland to the Florida swamp and back again, a 1,836 mile flight, Nye will have ample opportunity to take a big whiff of the carbon being emitted from the president's jet
Philip Garrod, 43, was on his way to start a shift with the Welsh ambulance service. he was caught by a police camera doing 105mph on his powerful motorbike. pleaded guilty and was fined £650 with six points but began weaving a web of lies. judge ordered an adjournment to take witness statements before making a decision on his driving ban.
hendry, 49, rowed with his then girlfriend before embarking on a drinking session. police followed his 10-year-old car as it crossed double white lines. he was almost twice over the legal limit after drinking in a Lytham cocktail bar. now he must travel around on his bike, a court heard.
major general Allen Batschelet warns that 10 percent of young men and women who sign up to join the army are currently refused because they are too heavy. half of young Americans will be so grossly overweight by the end of the decade that the military will be unable to recruit enough qualified soldiers. of the 195,000 young men and women who signed up to fight for our country in 2014, only 72,000 qualified.
lea coligado, 21, created a blog to showcase the talents and stories of tech's best and brightest women. the blog is based on the people-profiling website Humans of new york. it features photos and stories of subjects in the industry, often accompanying them with inspirational quotes.
the australian Vaccination-skeptics network has come under fire for comparing compulsory vaccination to rape in a social media post. the group posted an image to their facebook page showing a man holding a woman with his hand over her mouth in an aggressive silencing gesture. the tag line on the image read, 'Forced penetration. Really- no big deal, if it's just a vaccination needle and he's a doctor. do you really "need" control
the 14-year-old is now fighting for her life in Delhi’s Safdarjung Hospital. she was allegedly gang-raped on Sunday when she went outside her house. on Tuesday she set herself on fire using kerosene to shock of her brother.
the brightly coloured crossing was due to be installed in Totnes in Devon. but experts have warned that painting the road different colours could have side-effects for people with Alzheimer's. fears were expressed to councillors who had been asked to back the plan.
for those who weren't disconnected, only 40percent actually got through to a person. many of those people had to wait on hold for more than 30 minutes, IRS Commissioner John Koskinen said.
study based on a study of about 95,000 young people. all those in the study had older siblings. some of the elder children had autism and some did not.
five nursing students died early on Wednesday in a chain-reaction crash in southeast Georgia. the crash began when a tractor-trailer failed to slow down and smashed into stop-and-go traffic. the tractor-trailer plowed into an SUV, then rolled over a small passenger car that burst into flames. all five of the dead were nursing students at Georgia Southern University in Statesboro, about 30 miles from the crash site.
'if Hillary Clinton can't satisfy her husband,' a Texas-cowgirl college student tweeted, 'what makes her think she can satisfy America?' when someone retweeted the quip two hours later and included Trump's Twitter handle in the message, one of the billionaire's staffers retweeted it for him – to his audience of 2.8 million people. 'as soon as Mr. Trump saw the tweet he deleted it,' a spokesperson said
in your generous double room you would be afforded access to a newly refurbished kitchen and a smart bathroom. the price? A mere £400 a month. but the ceiling leaks onto the bed - and there doesn't seem to be any plan to fix it.
Davion only, 16, had spent his entire life in foster care after his mother gave birth to him behind bars. in 2013 he stood before his church to beg for someone to adopt him, and now he has a permanent home with the woman who first met him as a seven-year-old when she became his caseworker. 'when you were given a bad hand, you didn't accept it. you stood up and said, "I'm worthy. I want you to hear me,"'
each four seasons journey includes air travel, ground transportation, planned excursions and all meals and beverages throughout the trip. the clip shows off the all-white interior and leather flat-bed seats – the work of italian design Iacobucci.
judge said in a decision made public Tuesday that the incendiary ad is speech protected under the First Amendment. he said he was sensitive to the metropolitan transportation authority's claim that the poster could incite violence. he noted that substantially the same advertisement ran in San Francisco and Chicago in 2013 without incident.
the couple, who have six children, often opt for surprisingly low key accommodation, affordable for mere mortals like the rest of us. there have even been reports that Brangelina, and their six children, have shut down whole hotel floors and chartering entire trains for a bit of privacy. but the couple, whose combined salary comes from starring in over seventy box office hits, often opt for surprisingly low key accommodation.
the offences happened in cars, woods or at defendants' homes in banbury. the girls, aged between 13 and 16, were targeted by the gang at under-18s parties organised by Ahmed Hassan-Sule, 21, known as 'Fiddy' one child described the parties as 'a place where girls would go and the boys would choose their targets'
motorists had to swerve out of the way of the 15-foot hole on Earl Street. it appeared on the residential street in northampton at around 2pm on tuesday. hours earlier part of a pavement collapsed, swallowing a pedestrian. police closed off the road, causing traffic chaos and leaving locals without water.
two people taken to hospital with what are believed to be minor injuries. flight from Paris to newark made emergency landing at Logan airport. one passenger said it felt like 'King Kong picked up the plane and shook it like there was no tomorrow'
a bold red fox spots a deer bone on a frozen lake in furen, japan. he fights off a flock of crows but a pair of eagles turn up to challenge him. the fox loses the fight and lands on his head, losing the dispute over the bone.
the boy picked up the unwrapped condom in his school playground at Bennett Elementary in Bennett, Colorado last week. his mother, who was only identified as Alicia to protect her son, said it would be a year before her son had the all-clear from his testing. the condom was thrown in the thrash by a member of the teaching staff so could not be tested for potential diseases.
the long-awaited trailer for the upcoming biopic on the life of Boston gangster James 'Whitey' Bulger was released Thursday. the creepy two-minute clip was a highlight of the day.
rare foreign policy speech will pledge to ‘restore our commitment’ to the EU. he will accuse David Cameron of ‘taking Britain to the edge of European exit’. and he will pledge to embrace the EU in a bid to secure reforms.
a new ask reddit thread asked disabled people to list all the ways able-bodied people think they are being supportive. 'Don't call me an inspiration. be your own damn inspiration,' one user wrote, amid nearly 4,000 comments made in the space of a day. many disabled people say it was insulting and patronising to be 'praised' for doing normal things, like going to university.
waitress, 26, had her ponytail pulled by the prime minister while she was at work. she said she 'expected more from him' and wanted 'the public to be aware'. the waitress worked at a cafe in Auckland frequented by the prime minister and his wife. the waitress wrote on an online blog how the prime minister kept pulling her hair despite being told to stop during election time last year. but he defended his pranks as 'a bit of banter' and
woman, 20, flagged down a car belonging to Iranian Masood Mansouri. but instead of taking her to a nightclub with her university friends, it is alleged the 33-year-old drove off without them and took her to his home where he sexually assaulted and raped her. she managed to escape by hiding in bushes, before getting another taxi to the club. the next day she became so distressed she broke down and told her mother to make an appointment with her doctor
channel seven's Sunday Night will tell the story of Ivan Milat's first violent crime. he was convicted of butchering seven young people between 1989 and 1992. if the 'wrong man' had not been jailed for his first crime, his victims could have been saved, according to the report.
Belle Gibson has admitted that she never had cancer and does not want forgiveness. she founded the Whole Pantry - a book and app which over 300,000 people have downloaded.
Patrick James Fredricksen, 30, has previous convictions for unlawful sexual activity with a minor and impersonating a firefighter. he was stopped on his way to one child's home in eastern utah. he has now been booked into jail for investigation of theft of a vehicle and attempted child kidnapping.
taxes will be £12billion a year higher under labour than the tories, experts say. the institute for fiscal studies said 'vague' promise to balance the books would allow labour to borrow £90billion more than the tories by 2020. this would rise to £280billion in extra debt by the end of the next decade if Labour remained in power.
police say the key to tracking down the suspect, 36-year-old Michael David Ikeler, was a tip from his observant neighbor, who noticed Ikeler altering the appearance of his car. investigators had released CCTV footage of the car - a white Nissan Altima - from the crime scene at the self-serve carwash in Gardena on April 2. the mother was washing her car when she heard the toddler scream 'Mommy', only to turn around and
Bhadreshkumar Chetanbhai Patel, 24, is on the run after allegedly beating his wife to death with a kitchen knife at a Dunkin' donuts in Maryland. a federal criminal complaint said that patel was last seen at a hotel shortly after his wife, Palak Bhadreskumar Patel, was killed on April 12. the FBI announced on Wednesday that a $20,000 reward is being offered for information that leads to his arrest. patrons called police
the band applied for trademarks in 2010 and 2011, and was rejected both times on the grounds the name disparaged Asians. the band appealed. the decision could have implications for the high-profile. fight over whether the national football league's Washington. redskins should lose its trademarks.
high rise holiday resort dating to the 1960s is bidding for Unesco world heritage status. officials say the mass-market resort is applying in order to reinvent its own image. a decision over the application could take up to six years to be made.
the 29-year-old actor has been dating Sienna Miller since 2011. he is currently staring in the west end play American Buffalo. he is also set to star alongside Ryan Gosling in the new film weightless.
channel 4 news presenter Krishnan Guru-Murthy tried to ask the actor about his drug-taking past. he said: 'i'm sorry, i really don't... what are we doing?' before walking out of the room. the actor is in the uk to promote his new film Avengers: Age of Ultron.
'Dusty' has convinced himself that he is a dog, and spends his days with the couple and their dogs on their farm in Esperance, western australia. he rides around the property in the back of the truck along with the dogs, sleeps with them on a dog bed, asks for scratches, and even sneaks dog treats when he can. 'he's either eating or sleeping. he's a very placid creature, and every time you walk out
a young woman found a mildly venomous brown tree snake in her shopping trolley. she pushed the trolley up an escalator before realising it was hitching a ride. snake catcher Richie Gilbert came to the rescue and safely removed it.
the 28-year-old fell down stairs carrying decorations just four days before the wedding. her father wheeled her into church and she sat down to say her vows. ironically, the accident when she was preparing for the day. the family are planning another party in summer to celebrate without her cast.
Ashton Taylor, 21, was diagnosed with a severe brain condition in 2013. she has undergone 15 brain surgeries, numerous angiograms and has been in and out of hospital. she has slammed Whole Pantry founder Belle Gibson over her false cancer survival story. 'i don't think she'll ever redeem herself. a simple sorry will not cut it,' she said.
Deborah Roberts, 53, forced tissue into Phyllis Hadlow's mouth to silence screams. she also poured water over dementia patient, telling other staff:'my son said if they do it to you, you can do it to them' she was found guilty of one count of ill-treatment or wilful neglect of a person without capacity following a two-day trial.
Rupa Huq is standing for Ed Miliband's party in a key marginal seat in west London. she said fellow candidates who turned down the cash were'sticking their noses up' she even accused mailonline of 'picking on her' when she was quizzed about the donation.
the blaze took place at a building located on a Flint intersection, and started at about 1pm. only the building itself and a few nearby power lines were affected.
experts say out-of-date sun lotions may separate and not spread evenly. this means you may not be completely covered with vital UV filters. experts advise playing it safe and restocking your supllies to ensure skin is properly protected from damaging UVA and UVB rays.
pair tricked 80-year-old into handing over his bank cards and PIN. they convinced vulnerable victim his debit cards needed to be recalled. but less than two hours later, they were caught on camera stealing £150.
images show militants casually posing in front of the terror group's sinister black and white flag while brandishing assault rifles. released as Nigerian soldiers backed by warplanes invaded the Islamist's final stronghold in the country.
6ft 5in, 330lb football player sent application to taxi app yesterday. he said: 'it would be a cool way to get some extra cash'
Albert Davison made a fortune by landing six-figure bets on his own horses. when he died, aged 73, he owned a seven-bedroom country estate in Surrey. but before he died, in 2011, he and his second wife fought a bitter battle through the divorce courts for four years over his fortune. a judge found that Mr Davison had squandered millions of his winnings through 'wasteful expenditure' and 'bad decision making' now his
police officer Michael Rapiejko rammed his car into armed robbery suspect Mario Valencia in the town of marana, ariz., on february 19. he told investigators it was either'shoot him to stop the threat or I need to run him over to stop the threat'. but in apparent defiance of his advice, his vehicle mounts the curb and smashes into the suspect's body. he remained in hospital for two days before being
keepers at the Columbus Zoo say ten-year-old female, Irisa, had bred before but never conceived. but this spring it was found the female cat was pregnant - with triplets. while the birth on Tuesday morning went smoothly, Irisa failed to show any maternal care so her offspring are currently being hand-reared in an incubator.
a new poll found only 38 per cent of americans believe she is honest and trustworthy. part of it will involve the bill, Hillary and Chelsea Clinton Foundation re-filing some of its annual tax returns to correct errors in how it has reported income from foreign governments. the murky picture also includes tens of millions of dollars Bill Clinton collected in speaking fees from companies that saw their fortunes rise because of his wife running the agency.
Evnika Saadvakass became a YouTube sensation when she was five-years-old. she was filmed throwing around 100 punches in less than two minutes. the video was viewed around three million times and now two years on the young girl has returned to update the world on her progress.
Brendan Cordina's grandfather died when he was just 12-years-old. he resigned himself to the fact that his beloved medals were gone forever. the 36-year-old drove over 3500 kilometres in four days to find them. but on his arrival at the Darwin Military Museum, he was refused the medals and told that they 'were more important to the museum' the museum instead offered to send replicas to which he was outraged.
the 18-year-old was hit over the head 20 times with a rock and dragged into a garden where she was raped by the man and left for dead. she will speak out in tonight's episode of crimewatch in which she tells reporters she is too scared to sleep for fear of reliving the ordeal in her dreams. police are treating the crime as a rape and attempted murder.
a federal court of appeals threw out the career home run leader's obstruction of justice conviction on tuesday, ruling 10-1 that his meandering answer before a grand jury in 2003 was not material to the government's investigation into illegal steroids distribution. 'today's news is something that I have long hoped for,' Bonds said in a statement. 'i am humbled and truly thankful for the outcome as well as the opportunity our judicial system affords to all
federal court rules against rebels bikie gang president Alex Vella re-entering australia. 61-year-old's visa was cancelled while he was overseas in his native malta. he has been stranded in the country, leaving 24 close family members. police say he led a violent gang involved in kidnapping, extortion and drug dealing.
Yamini Karanam, 26, was diagnosed with a pineal tumour in her brain. she struggled to understand things she had read, and felt lost in conversations. surgeons operated to extract what they believed to be a tumour. but they were shocked to discover the growth was an embryonic twin. teratomas contain hair, teeth, bone and rarely more complex organs.
the service, called 'Project Fi,' debuted today, about two months after google revealed its plans to expand its ever-growing empire into providing wireless connections for smartphones. Google is selling the basic phone service for $20 a month and will only charge customers for the amount of cellular data that they use each month. each gigabyte of data will cost $10 a month. that means a customer could sign up for a plan offering three gigabytes of data and get $20 back if only one giga
the alarm failed at the former president's home in september 2013 and even though the Secret Service bought a replacement system in January 2014, it took until December for it to be installed. it came despite an agent's recommendation in 2010 that the alarm be replaced because it 'had exceeded its life cycle' the request was denied for an unknown reason.
the study compared its results to the most severe emissions scenarios outlined by the Intergovernmental Panel on Climate Change (IPCC) it claims that variability is caused by interactions between the ocean and atmosphere, and other natural factors. if not properly explained and accounted for, they may skew the reliability of climate models and lead to over-interpretation of short-term temperature trends.
three men in their 50s have been arrested on suspicion of murdering miss Lawrence. they were questioned over night by police investigating her disappearance. miss Lawrence was 35 when she vanished on march 18, 2009. detectives previously questioned a man in his 50s in connection with her murder.
the unidentified pilot was flying a six-seat Cessna 310 aircraft, registered VH-TBE, with two adults and three children on board when he became distracted by one of the passengers. the pilot also reported that the children on board were 'excited and a little disruptive' during the flight. despite this, the report also found the pilot was'relatively new to the C-310' and unfamiliar with the plane equipment.
3.8million crimes recorded by police last year, an increase of 2% from 2013. a record number of rapes and other sex crimes were logged - up by a third. experts say rise was partly due to high profile historic cases like Jimmy Savile.
marissa Holcomb was fired from her job at the fried chicken chain in channelview, texas, after an armed robber made off with $400 from her till. the mother-of-three was held at gunpoint on march 31 and refused to pay back the cash. her bosses said it was against their policy to have so much cash in the till at one time. now they have offered her $2,000 in back pay, but she is unsure whether to take it.
memorial site urges potential visitors to book their visits online ahead of time. more than 250,000 visitors so far this year, a rise of more than 40%. visitors are now advised to book ahead in order to avoid congestion.
the duchess of cambridge is due to give birth to her second child in the coming days. she already has a nanny at her disposal as well as her mother Carole. parenting blogger Emily-Jane Clark has compiled a list of the best tips. they include avoiding a double buggy, buying several blue bowls and never setting a specific time for meeting people.
the 23-year-old was suffering from a suspected concussion when he was assaulted. he shoved emergency worker as she tried to treat his head injury. emergency crews even called his friends and family in an attempt to calm him down. but on the journey to hospital he once again attacked her by knocking her over. he was given a four month sentence suspended for 12 months.
carrie Reichert, 43, has released a teaser from her upcoming book. she says she felt 'overdressed' when she saw the prince playing strip billiards. the dominatrix has previously said she kissed the prince and has a pair of his underpants she hopes to use in a strip-tease show.
more than 1,500 people have come out in support of gareth Blanks. the 31-year-old was attacked as he walked home after buying a chocolate bar. he was taunted by a group before snatching a hat from his head. when he tried to retrieve the garment, he was pushed to the ground. one of the males punched and kicked him 20 times in the head and across his body.
flight company just the flight have researched city nicknames all over the world. find out the real stories behind each and every one to produce handy infographic. Las Vegas is often referred to as 'Sin City' for its gambling and temptation.
chairman defends bank's decision to pay out £1.86billion in bonuses. group chief executive Antony Jenkins saw his pay package more than triple to £5.5million after opting to accept a £1.1million bonus.
Jamie Jewitt, 24, from Essex, weighed 15st before his 15th birthday. his best friend Henry Rogers, 22, from Ealing, weighed 18st at his heaviest. after shedding the pounds, he landed a job at abercrombie & fitch. he went on an intense two-year diet and slimmed down to 12st.
the supermarket giant announced a record annual loss of £6.38billion yesterday. the loss is the largest ever declared by a British retailer. it reflects a shift in shopping habits away from big supermarkets.
wesley Burton, a father-of-three and popular radio host at KPFA in Berkeley, was killed in a hit-and-run in the early hours of Saturday morning. the 36-year-old was driving home from work when a white Dodge Charger crashed into his silver Mercury. the crash occurred near the Berkeley-Oakland city line and police say the hit-and-run driver fled the on foot.
sports brand features prominently on a leaflet distributed in terror group's de facto capital Raqqa. leaflet threatens both buyer and seller of Nike products with punishments ranging from a small fine to whipping or even imprisonment. news comes shortly after one militant decried the popularity of Nike among ISIS fighters, comparing the brand's name and famous 'tick' logo to wearing a Christian cross.
Romanian company MB Telecom has revealed the Roboscan 2M Aeria. it uses a cone of radiation to sweep across planes and look inside. the device is accurate enough to find a filament in a light bulb. but the radiation it emits is not safe for passengers yet. it is already being used to check trucks at borders in eastern europe.
the four friends were on their way to see les misérables on Broadway. they rushed in to stop a brutal assault on a crowded rush-hour 6 train. the homeless man was viciously beating another rider on the train. the friends tended to the attacker and held him for police.
spanish lawyer says she has been'religiously paying taxes' in the uk for 10 years. but she took a swipe at the party her husband has spent five years in power with. comes after he warned the 'bandwagons of the far right' are encircling an 'increasingly hapless Conservative leadership' which is losing all grip on the party.
the former Soviet state has gained the most from the strong pound. resorts on its black sea coast offer the best value in terms of meal out. it is one of 13 european hotspots out of 14 where your cash will go further.
the Shepherd’s Life: A Tale of the Lake District by James Rebanks. he studied at the University of Oxford before returning to his roots in the lake district.
the video shows Donald Allen, 66, pointing a loaded, 22-caliber pistol at officer Brian Barnett, 25. he then shoots him dead after he comes at him with the gun, making threatening statements as he does. the camera was malfunctioning and it was thought the video was lost. it was forensically recovered, but the audio from the bodycam was not.
Janice Baker Kinney, Marcella Tate, and Autumn Burns claim to have been sexually assaulted by bill cosby. their attorney says the event was timed deliberately to damage sales for the comedian's upcoming shows on his nationwide tour. cosby has yet to comment on the new allegations, which have prompted him to cancel a number of upcoming stops on his comedy tour.
'if this problem could exist in Missoula, it could exist anywhere in the country, and it does,' he said. 'if this problem could exist in Missoula, it could exist anywhere in the country, and it does,' he said. 'if this problem could exist in Missoula, it could exist anywhere in the country, and it does,' he said.
'what the Clinton Foundation has said is that we will be even more transparent,' said vice chair, 'even though Transparency International and others have said we're among the most transparent of foundations' the foundation recently committed to stop taking donations from foreign governments but insisted it wouldn't return money it has already collected. 'having raised tens of millions of dollars from foreign nations presents a clear conflict of interest for anyone running for president of the united states,' said retired neurosurgeon Ben Carson.
the Bike Washing Machine contains a washing machine drum in its front wheel. when ridden, the pedalling motion causes the drum to rotate, churning your clothes inside like a traditional washer. a generator attached to the pedals also creates electricity which can be stored for later use.
Eloise Parry, 21, 'burned up from the inside, after swallowing the highly-toxic substance known as Dinitrophenol, or DNP' after taking the tablets her metabolism began to soar and she started to overheat. doctors desperately tried to stabilise her but she died three hours later. her mother issued a stark warning about buying diet pills online, saying her daughter never intended to take her own life.
for americans, the white house is as iconic and royal a palace as you can get. for non-Americans, it is a respected power symbol but not one to be especially loved.
on April 7, Thenga Adams, flying from Guyana in South America, was arrested after customs at JFK in New York searched his sneakers. when customs opened the soles of the athletic shoes they found $30,000 worth of cocaine. this is the second time a person flying from Guyana was nabbed at JFK for allegedly trying to smuggle drugs.
parades and Morris men were seen across the country, with spectators draped in flags cheering them on. it comes after a week of unusually warm weather that is set to end tomorrow, forecasters say. 'there is certainly a change on the way, as of tomorrow we'll see wetter fronts,' says met office forecaster.
mother-of-one aimee craven, 32, spotted £20 clothes horse on train last week. she thought it had been left by its owner and took it home with it. but police tracked her down and took her off train in brough with it. 'it was a spur of the moment, stupid decision, which i am sorry for,' she said. mother-of-one is now waiting to see if she will be charged.
calf is being fed three times a day at the dairy farm where he was born. he opens all ten lips when he is sucking at his mother's udders. but he can only take in milk through two of his mouths.
all three main parties' education spokesmen said they would have no problem with next education secretary sending their children to private school. tristram Hunt, labour’s shadow education secretary, answered first and said: ‘Yes. In certain circumstances’. also confirmed labour could fire the thousands of ‘unqualified’ teachers across the state sector.
Brett Robinson, 33, will stand trial next week on 12 charges related to sexual misconduct and official misconduct. she allegedly let the inmate out of his cell multiple times and engaged in sex acts between March and July last year. she was hoping to present a psychologists report as evidence of mental illness. but a judge ruled the evidence was insufficient and that Robinson would have to go to trial on April 28 without it.
photographer Kristina Bewly took her 4-year-old daughter Giselle to the Florida theme park for the first time last September. each time the family visits, Giselle puts on a new princess bought by her mother Kristina. 'it's become kind of an addiction. since we live so close, we base our visits off one or two outfits,' she said.
economic spokesman faced questions on whether St George would have been welcomed by a 3rd-century Ukip. in its election manifesto the party has said it would have a five year moratorium on unskilled migrants moving to the country.
body of 50-foot whale washed up on Pacifica State beach last week. beachgoers took photos of where 'East Bay Rats Motorcycle Club' was on the whale. it doesn't appear to have broken bones or show signs of blunt force trauma.
two moving candle-lit vigils held to remember 900 migrants who died this weekend. rickety wooden boat ran aground on Greek island of Rhodes on sunday. three other people - including a tiny child - also died in tragedy on the waters. meanwhile, 5,000 migrants who survive journey will be granted safe haven in europe. only 5,000 will be granted safe haven in europe and rest will be sent back.
the gang used the drill to cut through the wall of the secured vault. they raided 72 security boxes before escaping with wheelie bins full of gems. the hole used by the gang was just 45cm wide and 25cm high.
images released at request of some of the victims' families. officers previously unable to identify individuals in the images. police say appeal is necessary as they may be able to answer questions of victims' families.
mother-of-six, 32, piled on the pounds thanks to a boozy lifestyle. a stranger on a bus pointed at her and said: 'has she got a baby in her belly?' the embarrassing remark left the mother-of-six mortified but inspired her to shed the pounds.
two former police officials who quit their jobs in Parma, Missouri, have revealed what they say are the real reasons they stepped down. a black woman, Tyus Byrd, was recently elected mayor of the town over the white incumbent candidate Randall Ramsey. two of those individuals - Trish Cohen, Parma's former police chief, and Rich Medley, the town's former assistant police chief, quit their jobs shortly after Byrd won.
billionaire philanthropist says demand for meat can be met with'moderation and innovation'
made-to-measure pink croc Hermes Birkin bag embellished with rubies. exclusive tote is so exclusive that it can't even be brought in store.
the telephone operator who inspired millions passed away on Tuesday after a brief illness, her family said. she became the poster girl for american women when she shot to fame by posing for Norman rockwell's iconic painting.
the european parliament is set to vote to close the loophole next week. currently, all alcoholic drinks are exempt from having to reveal nutritional value on their labels. but winemakers argue that introducing nutritional labelling would lead to an intolerable rise in production costs.
sunderland man, 26, flew to Cyprus to start new job as IT project manager. but he returned with stun gun, baton and knuckle dusters in his luggage. pleaded guilty to possession of a firearm and two offensive weapons. he was sentenced to eight months imprisonment, suspended for two years, with £2,000 costs.
prime minister was repeatedly interrupted while trying to answer questions. host Chris Smith offered to bet £1,000 he wouldn't win a majority. listeners on twitter accused the programme of 'leftist hostility'
Adam Gadahn, who had treason charges pending against him, was killed in a drone strike in January. another January drone strike killed an american hostage and an italian hostage. his father, a musician in California, changed his name from Pearlman to Gadahn in the 1970s.
Indonesia's head of general crimes sent the letters to the prosecutors of 10 death row prisoners including Australians Chan and Sukumaran on Thursday. the australian embassy has been summoned to Nusakambangan island - where the executions will be carried out - on Saturday. authorities give death row prisoners and their families 72 hours notice before they are executed.
Chancellor warns of a 'dangerous cocktail' if a labour government is left at the mercy of a 'deeply unstable block of Scottish nationalists' launching the SNP manifesto this week, Nicola Sturgeon named her price for supporting labour in any post-election deal. she unveiled a £140billion 'ransom note' for dragging labour to the left.
senator's eldest son was pulled over on suspicion of driving under the influence. but 22-year-old William Hilton Paul was not arrested. he was treated at the university of Kentucky hospital for minor injuries.
study by academics at Lancashire's edge hill university and the university of south australia charted a direct link between anxiety and performance. researcher: 'high degree of worry over one’s performance has a detrimental effect on GCSE results'
american sitcoms like The Big Bang Theory and How I Met Your Mother will be taken off air for 12 hours on 7 may. a specially-produced advert will be played on the channel featuring 'Darren' – the man fictionally in charge of keeping the programme on air. the advert will ask viewers: 'how many times have you missed life-changing events because you wanted to watch your favourite show?'
two men were caught trying to sneak into Syria to join the Islamic State. it happened a day after turkey agreed to a new extradition treaty and an intelligence-sharing agreement with australia. officials could not confirm if and when they would be returned to australia.
many firemen have not been trained in basic first aid. yet they are being left to care for seriously ill elderly patients. union officials say fire engines are routinely being turned into ambulances.
GP, Dr arfon Williams, is the only doctor available across two rural practices. his partner and colleague of 20 years retired at the end of march. his surgery has been unable to attract a replacement and is currently functioning with a skeleton service. health bosses responsible for north Wales said difficulties recruiting GPs is a national issue.
first eruption in over four decades sent vast clouds of dust more than six miles into air. ash covered cars and houses in cities as far as 18 miles away from eruption. ash from second blast seriously impared visibility of nearby towns and villages. residents have become worried about the damage the ash will cause to their health. another eruption in the los Lagos Region today heightened fears of contamination.
footage shows light aircraft approaching the Aero Acres residential airpark. landing gear has not been deployed and plane touches down without landing gear. plane's propellers can be heard ricocheting off the ground from impact. video maker can be heard saying plane's propellers have been damaged.
the unidentified man is seen carrying a minibus strapped to the back of his tiny vehicle with strings. a flat tyre at the rear indicates the driver was probably carrying it to the garage. the driver has not been tracked down as the police were unable to see clearly the plate number of his tricycle.
Michael Hanline, 69, was convicted of murder for the fatal shooting of truck driver J.T. McGarr in 1980. but more than three decades after he was incarcerated, it emerged that crucial DNA analysis and investigative reports were withheld from his original trial.
Justine Jones was left covered in huge sores and in agony after opening bottle. her mother had bought bottle for granddaughter's 18th birthday. despite bottle being sealed and showing no evidence of being tampered with, the family were shocked when they inspected it further and found it contained a clear liquid which smelt of bleach.
Navinder Singh Sarao, 36, is accused of making £26million from illegal trades. an investigation team involving six agencies in the us and britain want him put on trial in new york. but analysts are bewildered that it's taken six years for charges to be brought.
organic farmers must first use'substances from plants, animals or minerals in a homeopathic dilution', before. British and Norwegian vets have called the directives'scientifically illiterate', saying that the use of homeopathy could lead to'serious animal health and welfare detriment'
'series 7' seat has hand-stitched leather armrests, an aluminium chassis and composite materials. designed to eliminate the sources of discomfort and provide more space for the occupants. firm currently makes thousands of economy class seats for airlines such as KLM, Thomas Cook and Spirit.
the duchess of cambridge is extremely close to her sister, 31-year-old Pippa. nanny Maria Teresa Turrion Borrallo is already in charge of the nursery. despite her busy schedule, miss middleton is a regular visitor to anmer hall.
the ruling on Thursday clears the way for federal proceedings on similar charges in New Orleans, which local lawyers believe he can win. Durst, 72, who faces a murder charge in an unrelated California case, remains jailed without bond in Louisiana. he was arrested in march the day before the finale of an HBO docu-series about him.
a staff member in rep. Mike Doyle's office opened a letter containing a grainy white substance and immediately alerted capitol police. the tests of the substance came back negative and the quarantine of Room 239 of the Cannon House office building was removed at 3:37 p.m. on Wednesday. the white substance was cause for concern after powdered anthrax was mailed to members of congress in 2001 following the 9/11 attacks.
study claims these 'taxibots' could cut number of cars needed to perform same number of journeys per day by 90 per cent. finding comes amid reports that companies such as google and Uber are working on technology to develop driverless taxis.
£85 fine was enforceable because it was not 'excessively high' motoring groups accuse judges of being 'out of touch'
the prime minister travelled for eight hours from paddington station to penzance. he wore a navy jacket, dark blue shirt, jeans and smart black shoes. he wore a red box holding ministerial papers, which only a few dozen are in.
image shows a stellar nursery of about 3,000 stars called westerlund 2 inside a stellar 'breeding ground' called Gum 29. massive young stars can be seen feeding a nearby region with the fuel it needs to form new stars. the image was taken by the 43ft (12.3 metres) long and 14ft (4.2 metres wide) telescope.
David Cameron said he knows 'fears and worries' remain when it comes to immigration. he said: 'i am not one of those politicians who says they ‘get’ how people feel about immigration then speaks differently in private' under labour, for years, 90% of job growth was taken up by foreign workers.
the mother of Nicholas figueroa, a 23-year-old male model who died in a gas explosion on new york city's 2nd avenue last month, has spoken out. she said that though she cries every night, those responsible for the explosion and handling its aftermath have not reached out to her. 'Nobody's spoken to me, no one has called to give condolences,' she said at a memorial to her son that was set up at the site of the disaster.
scientists at the university of Wisconsin-La Crosse have warned that bikram yoga can raise a person's body temperature and heart rate to dangerous levels. a typical 90-minute session lasts for 90 minutes and is performed in a room heated to 40°C (105°F) with 40 per cent humidity. a male participant recorded the highest core temperature of 40°C (104°F) while a female participant recorded the lowest core temperature of 38°C (102°F)
the 23-year-old founder of the Whole Pantry app admitted that her terminal brain cancer diagnosis was a lie in an interview with the australian women's weekly. leading psychologist Jo Lamble believes Gibson could be displaying signs of both a narcissism disorder and anti-social personality disorder.
astronomers say bright light in sky may have been falling meteor 2,000 years ago. triggered the conversion of the biblical apostle to Christianity. he was blinded for three days after seeing a bright light and a divine voice. but descriptions match accounts of fireball that streaked across sky above Chelyabinsk.
matt Dunford, 30, bombarded Brazilian model with 50 messages a day. he tried to blackmail her out of £5,000 after their six-month relationship broke down. when she refused to pay bodybuilder, he mocked-up an escort website profile. he failed to appear at court in february but was found guilty of harassment.
amelia Morton, 23, from Birmingham, weighed 12-and-a-half stone. she was shocked into a post-graduation diet after being told by her father. the trainee teacher put on more than three stone in her first few months of university. she spent almost £1,000 on food in her first term alone.
theresa Dybalski, a retired insurance company from Lackawanna, new york, was celebrating at a birthday lunch when she received the ticket. her friend who gave it to her, however, has since died, so she plans to share her winnings with the friend's family.
fish and chips have become a British institution, as well as a national money-spinner. but just as tea originates in India or China, fish and chips is partly Portuguese and partly Belgian. in 1860, on the streets of the east end of London, 13-year-old Jewish boy called Joseph Malin had the bright idea of combining fried fish with chips.
incredible image was captured above Pitcaple in Aberdeenshire yesterday. photographer Graeme Whipps picked up two meteors which were part of the Lyrid meteor shower. annual celestial event has been observed for the last 2,700 years across the globe.
number of women taking holy vows has trebled from 15 in 2009 to 45 last year. from a low of seven in 2004, figure has been rising for the past decade. theodora Hawksley, 29, was until recently a researcher in theology. but at the beginning of the year she decided to become a nun.
Stacey Tipler, 33, used her job to steal £642,000 from the royal marsden trust. she spent it on designer shopping sprees, mortgage payments and her wedding. but she and partner, ringleader, were caught and both jailed last summer. at proceeds of crime hearing, judge ordered her to repay £28,737 within six months or spend another 18 months in jail.
45 per cent of Britons have lied about their earnings, spending, bills or credit cards. 41 per cent of people said they were in the dark about their partner's finances. one in five have lied to a partner about what they earn.
Robert Bates, 73, appeared in court on Tuesday and pleaded not guilty to second-degree manslaughter over the death of Eric Harris. he claims he mistakenly pulled out his gun instead of his Taser and shot dead the man as he fled the scene of an undercover operation on April 2. since the incident there have been allegations that Bates was not properly trained. it is now emerged that when previously confronted by other deputies over his behavior, he told them
south Yorkshire police missed 'intelligence and investigative opportunities' to tackle child sex exploitation in the town between 1997 and 2013. at least 1,400 children were abused in the town between 1997 and 2013. police force did not use 'alternative strategies' to protect victims or gather evidence.
one direction member appears to be poised with the suspicious roll-up and sitting next to a plastic tub containing a dry, green weed-like substance and rolling paper. the image was taken on. Wednesday amid 48 hours during which he has been seen partying hard. that same day he was photographed returning to his. hotel in a disheveled state clutching a glass of water.
the meteor shower, visible around the world but best seen from Europe, has been observed for the past 2,700 years. it peaked overnight with between ten and 20 an hour. the cosmic show will continue on into Saturday, so it is still possible to catch a glimpse of some meteors.
male teacher was teaching fifth grade at hawthorne elementary in albuquerque. he made the chilling remark around a week ago. some students were so distressed by what they heard, they immediately went to the school office to report the teacher. mother margie Brooks, whose son was in the class, said she was horrified by what the teacher told the students and felt the school waited too long to deal with the problem.
candlestick park, completed in 1960, has been torn down to make way for houses, a hotel and a shopping center. the iconic sports field, which has been home to first the San Francisco Giants and later the San Francisco 49ers, has been torn down. the area is now set to become houses, a hotel and a shopping center. in 55 years there was a lot of wind and a whole lot of fog, but there were also some remarkable moments thanks to the one of the greatest
care staff are increasingly being asked to perform tasks previously only carried out by nurses. these include changing catheter and colostomy bags, feeding through a tube and even administering morphine. worrying conclusions come in a survey of 1,000 workers employed by councils and private firms by trade union Unison.
Janet and John Brennan bought the castle in 1997 for just £65,000. it is thought to have been used by the leader of the Scottish Protestant Reformation as a hiding place. the fortress is now on the market for offers over £695,000. but the couple insist the project was a 'labour of love' and they have 'no regrets'
photographs show female soldiers and fighter pilots in action among the ranks of armed forces around the world. one image shows fighters from the Sawt al-Haq (Voice of Rights) battalion of the free Syrian army standing with their weapons. another shows female north Korean soldiers patrolling along the banks of the Yalu river, near the border with china. the images include a shot of US Army soldier SSG Norma Gonzales waiting to be flown by helicopter to a base in Kan
lawyers for the family said in a statement Wednesday night that the wrongful death lawsuit would be filed Thursday. attorneys for Brown's mother, Lesley McSpadden, and his father, Michael Brown Sr., announced at a press conference in early march that a wrongful death lawsuit would be filed'soon' the lawsuit would also name former Officer Darren Wilson, who shot brown.
Ilha de Mana is a 15-acre outcrop shaped like a tortoise shell. it has a solar-powered main residence and four chalets over crystal clear water. four smaller chalets each have a bedroom and bathroom (the island has its own water supply) the main residence has a dining room, fully-fitted kitchen and two living rooms for entertaining.
'Chase me ladies, I'm the Cavalry' administrator is a former lib-dem member. he is one of the top administrators for the website in the uk. he has been a volunteer since 2004 and joined the project in 2007. but he decided to block a user called 'contribsx' on thursday.
multi-millionaire Richard Harpin has given the tories £375,000 since 2008. revelation will raise fresh questions for. David Cameron over links to millionaire donors.
psychologist Ramani Durvasula says that assembling furniture at IKEA can be a serious source of friction between a couple. 'the store literally becomes a map of a relationship nightmare,' she said. 'the more complicated the assembly, the more likely your new IKEA buy will leave you and your partner at odds'
'when a compliment suggests I might be, in some way "attractive," I’ll take it, with delight,' she wrote in an open letter to critics. 'never mind the fact that i work damned hard,' she said.
willa Junior, a baggage handler at Seattle-Tacoma airport, fell asleep while loading a plane on April 13. he woke up when a piece of luggage landed on his head and called 911 - but his call cut out after just 44 seconds. the airport worker, who appears to be in his early 20s, wouldn't explain how he had the time to take a nap on the plane but says it used to be common practice. 'in my mind, I said,
layka, a 4-year-old Belgian Malinois, was shot four times at point blank range by an enemy fighter armed with an AK-47 in 2012. her comrades rushed her back for emergency surgery during which she had her leg amputated. so endebted to her for the selfless bravery she showed in combat, Sgt. McDonald decided that he had to bring her home to live with his young family.
Bruce Cook, 59, put up his'realistic' sculpture on Good Friday. it depicts the obscene intimacy between a cow and a bull. but he has refused to take it down and 'told the copper to p*ss off'. police have warned that he could be charged with 'publishing pornographic images'.
security researchers have found a way to intercept a person's fingerprints. the flaw is in older versions of the android operating system. it means that once a hacker has access they can monitor data recorded by built-in sensors, including the fingerprint scanner. when a fingerprint is scanned it is encrypted and separated from the rest of the phone. hackers can't access this encrypted file, but the flaw allows them to collect scans from the sensor before being encrypted.
female elephant became stuck in muddy quagmire in southern china. locals came across her lying on her side in a state of desperation. more than 20 villagers and police officers teamed up to rescue her. the wild Asian elephant died of starvation, dehydration or exhaustion.
samaritans pictured tending to wounded at 1989 Hillsborough disaster. police say appeal is necessary as they may be able to answer questions of victims' families. 96 people died after fans in one section of the football grounds became crushed.
jade and Aaron Badland assaulted a hotel worker after their wedding reception. they asked an Asian family if they had Ebola and called her a 'bloody foreigner' the couple were staying at the premier inn at Stansted airport. they were both ordered to carry out 80 hours of unpaid work.
researchers at the university of bath and Yale university created the invention. it uses a newly designed molecular catalyst to split water in an electrolyser. the catalyst is more efficient at performing the crucial oxidation half of the reaction than any other existing material. it could be used more easily as a way to store energy from renewable sources.
heroin dealer Patrick Revins, 49, sold £10-worth of the class A drug to police. detective recognised him because he has initials 'P' and 'R' tattooed on forehead. he admitted one count of supplying heroin and was sentenced to a year in jail.
the model, 22, lives by the ABC rule: No alcohol, bread or processed carbohydrates. she goes through a 48-hour juice cleanse before every big film scene of photo shoot. she eats a combination of one whole egg and one white egg scrambled on a bed of spinach for breakfast, followed by a green juice and handful of almonds mid morning.
union barons gave more than £700,000 to labour in second week of campaign. overall, labour received £1.1million in donations between April 6 and April 12. more than twice as much as the conservative party which received just £492,512. most of the tories cash came from wealthy individuals, who handed over £460,000.
the body of Anne Jarmain, 86, was found at 7pm on wednesday night. her car was pulled off the road and underwater as she tried to cross Cessnock Road in the NSW Hunter Region. after two days without power and with limited food supplies, she insisted on making a 'quick trip' into town. around ten people immediately ran into the water, with four people stripping off and swimming frantically through the water.
the prime minister toured pirate FM during a visit to the south west. he was presented with a cornish t-shirt emblazoned 'if you can smell my pasty, you're too close'.
husband was traumatised by his wife's botched hysterectomy in 2008. he claimed he suffered psychiatric injury after seeing her swell up 'like a Michelin man' he was awarded £9,000 in compensation after he claimed he suffered nervous shock. the case could have huge financial consequences for the health trust.
'using me as the personification of a heartless administration, the rolling stone article attacked my life's work,' dean Nicole P. Eramo wrote in an open letter to the magazine's publisher, Jann S. Wenner. the magazine retracted an article about sexual violence at U.Va. after the Columbia University Graduate School of Journalism issued a scathing report this month concluding Rolling Stone had failed to meet journalistic standards. the magazine pledged to review its practices
Fifi M. Maacaron, 36, is a pharmacist and natural skincare expert. her book, Natural Beauty Alchemy, contains over 100 recipes. all-natural ingredients can be concocted in your own kitchen.
a Reuters investigation that revealed the bill, Hillary and Chelsea Clinton Foundation had misreported millions of dollars in donations from foreign nations led the global charity to announce that it would refile more than five years of tax documents. the discovery came as separate financial reviews found that previously unreported foreign businesses either donated money directly to the family foundation or paid Bill to speak while their countries were doing official business with the state department during Hillary's tenure. in one instance, Bill Clinton received one of his biggest paychecks in $500,000 for a speech
Viviana Keith, 27, was arrested at a strip mall in red rock, texas, on tuesday. officer, who has been on the force four years, was answering reports of a drunk woman inside Deluxe Nails at a strip mall. when he arrived, he contained her and began handcuffing her. he claims she started resisting him, forcing him to pull a fast and forceful take-down. but video taken on his cash cam and by
Tiffany Williams and Jessica Versey, both 19, went into remission around the same time. took to social media to post images of themselves - but they were reported. included one of miss Williams’s bald head and another of miss Versey’s chest scar. miss Williams was cleared of hodgkin lymphoma earlier this month.
predatory convicted paedophile has been missing since 6.15pm on tuesday. he was last seen leaving a hospital, near hook, near hook, hampshire. he is described as 5ft 8ins tall, of a heavy build, and has dark hair. officers believe he may have shaved off his beard before leaving hospital.
australia has one of the toughest immigration policies in the developed world. asylum seekers are rejected on board naval warships at sea before being returned immediately. prime minister says the EU must 'urgently' follow his lead to stop migrants dying in the Mediterranean as they seek a new life in Europe.
bahar mustafa banned men and white people from 'diversity' meeting. the 27-year-old said she hoped to persuade academics to broaden courses. organisers claim to promote 'zero tolerance' for 'all forms of prejudice'
the president opened his speech by remarking 'that whole (deflategate) story got blown out of proportion,' referring to an investigation that 11 out of 12 footballs used in the AFC championship game were under-inflated. but then came the zinger: 'with the Patriots in town I was worried that 11 out of 12 of them would fall flat' the president was flanked by belichick and billionaire Patriots owner Bob Kraft.
photographer wanted to highlight importance of living'side-by-side' with bears. but in one picture, a model was seen wearing a fur coat despite anti-hunting message. photographer said: 'it is about showing a traditional friendship - just like between two human friends'
the $45.2billion deal would have merged Comcast's 30million customers with Time Warner Cable's 11million. the new company would have spun off or sold 3.9million customers. the merger would have controlled 57percent of the broadband internet market and 30percent of the paid TV market with more than 27million customers.
travel by private jet is a growing trend, with 2.5 million private flights recorded in the us in 2013 and 705,000 in Europe. the busiest weekends occur during huge sporting events, with the super bowl and the Monaco grand prix the priciest times of year to fly. from new york to Glendale for the super bowl at around $38,000 (£25,322) on a medium jet and $54,000 (£35,983) on a long-range jet.
actress had oophorectomy in march after being diagnosed with breast cancer. two years before, she had double mastectomy as she carries a mutated variant of the gene known as the BRCA1 gene. if diagnosed, they face a severe threat of ovarian tumours. having an oophorectomy was associated with a significant drop of 62% in breast cancer death in women with a BRCA1 mutation.
Christian Tyrrell, 22, was arrested Wednesday on capital murder charges in connection to the march 19 death of 2-year-old Adrian Langlais, the son of his girlfriend Jessica Langlais. Winkler and Laura Martinez considered themselves Adrian's grandparents, even though they weren't blood related to the little boy. the couple said they started noticing bruises on Adrian last fall, when Langlais started dating. they reported his injuries to Child Protective Services, but the agency closed the investigation in February. a little over a month
the baby elephant seal pup is thought to have been no more than two months old. at a whopping 200lbs, Canadian tourist Charlene Fritz struggled to sit upright. she said: 'the seal climbed on top of me without hesitation'
the free app is currently in testing and is only available on android devices in the US. it pulls in any publicly-shared data from a user's facebook profile. when a user receives a call, Hello shows them info about who’s calling, even if their number isn’t saved in their contacts book. users will only see information that people have already shared on facebook.
a scientist from the university of london says the distant ancestor of humans had tentacles. they lived 635 to 541 million years ago and used them for food. it's likely they also had a complex nervous system like we do today. a warming climate may have enabled the earliest humans to venture into western Europe 1.4 million years ago.
the four-bedroom 19th century sandstone property cost Dinnigan $4.45 million back in 2009. the international designer is hoping for a cool $6 million when the lavishly renovated house sells. the two-storey terrace home was built in 1880, and is set on 379 square metres of prime Paddington real estate.
claims made in new book by former royal correspondent Ana Romero. claims former King Juan Carlos II had a decade-long affair with a german socialite. but royal couple kept any worries about the revelations under wraps.
the 8,147 square foot mansion boasts a view of the river avon, backing onto the meadow where John Constable took studies for his famous 1831 painting of the cathedral. built around 1720, it was named after Isaac Walton, son of the writer who wrote the Compleat Angler. it is also known as Whistler's House because it was home to prominent figures of the church and the arts.
the London mayor has long been tipped as a future leader of the party. he said last month he would serve a 'full second term' until 2020. but he insisted he thinks it is 'highly unlikely'.
the initiative, dubbed Nexus for Exoplanet System Science (Nexss), will include scientists from 10 universities including Stanford, the University of California and Yale. the team hopes to understand an alien planet's biology interacts with the atmosphere, geology, oceans, and interior of a planet. it is also developing new ways to confirm the habitability of these worlds and search for biosignatures.
woman forced elderly man to kneel after he knocked her phone out of her hand. video filmed at an undisclosed location in china has since gone viral. after being told he does not have the money to pay her back, she slaps him twice.
Damian Parks, 22, drowned in daytona beach on sunday after going for a swim with friends at 3am. students who were with him said strong currents pulled him out to see and his body was later found on Monday morning. but university administration 'heard rumors' that hazing was involved.
the Variety Theater in Cleveland, ohio, was once the edgiest place in town. but it was shut down in 1984 when heavy metal band Motorhead played a gig so loud it literally brought the house down. the ceiling cracked and pieces of plaster fell on the audience. the venue was sealed off on the order of a judge in 1986.
unite boss len McCluskey boasted that trade unions 'own' the party. he said: 'the labour party is our party. we built it, to serve us' the former first minister is running as an SNP candidate.
the pilot scheme is launching in Munich next month and amazon has teamed up with Audi and DHL to run the initiative. a delivery driver is then given temporary keyless access to the car to drop off the items at any time of the day.
the 65-year-old former decathlete greets Diane Sawyer at his home. 'it's going to be an emotional rollercoaster, but somehow I'm gonna get through it,' he says.
first minister hits out at people questioning why she doesn't have children. claims she would never be asked if she was a man. insisted she was not'moaning' but attacked criticism over appearance. made remarks in latest of five special programmes profiling party leaders.
only three of the 3,700 women who served at the death camps have been investigated by prosecutors in germany for their roles as accomplices to mass murder.'merciless' women traded femininity, motherhood and marriage to wed themselves to the dark side of Hitler's Third Reich.
a new website has exposed that australian women are paying more than men for the same everyday consumer goods. GetUp's new website, The Gender Price Gap, has exposed nine separate products that have identical female versions. this is despite the products being identical in almost every way except whether they are targeted towards women or men. the exact same shirt advertised under the men's clothing section is advertised for only $49.95.
Ravi Beefnah parked his car outside the dealership he bought it from. the 34-year-old says it uses a litre of oil every time he fills it up. he claims that Audi failed to resolve his long-running complaint about the engine and fix the car.
the institute for fiscal studies analysed the policies of all the main parties. it found voters are still 'in the dark' about how they will tackle the debts. tories accused of giving 'no detail' about their deficit reduction plan. labour has left the door open to borrowing an extra £26billion-a-year.
the 36-year-old is a political candidate for the Lega Sud Ausoni party. she is hoping to represent Caldoro in southern Italy after regional elections. pictures of her in skimpy bikinis have gone viral ahead of the elections. but she has defended her pictures saying she was born beautiful.
Omar Hussain, 27, posts videos online under the name Abu Sa'eed Al-Britani. last month he complained about peeling potatoes and his troubles with washing. in his latest video he accuses a fellow 'brother' of running away from the frontline in Syria 'when it was only him and me defending the post' he warns would-be jihadi brides to be wary of fighters who spend too much time online.
Andrew Stewart Wood, 41, was arrested at the hard rock hotel in the early hours of tuesday. a guest reportedly told a security guard that there was a very intoxicated man on the premises. when he tried to stop him, he became belligerent, began shouting and refused to cooperate. he was arrested on disorderly conduct charges and placed in jail.
Nicole Mayhew had gone to work leaving husband Scott working on his car. while she was gone, the 43-year-old was seriously injured when the heavy vehicle fell off its jack - crushing his chest. he spent an hour and a half yelling for help and praying for his wife to come home. while she was at work, she began to get a strange feeling she urgently needed to see her husband. she rushed home to find the father-of-five stuck underneath the car
the 30-year-old was attempting to scale the cliff in Coire an Lochain, Scotland. but one wrong move sent him tumbling 10 metres down the icy ridge. footage from a camera mounted to his helmet shows the very second that his climbing axe came loose.
foreskin facials, also known as HydraFacials, cost around $150 (£100) it uses stem cell from an infant's foreskin and is currently available in new york. one writer who had the treatment hailed its benefits as being at 'Beyonce levels'
Ali Maffucci, 28, lost 11 kg (almost two stone) in three months. she swapped pasta, bread and rice for spiralized vegetables. for every meal, she substituted spiralized vegetables for bread, pasta, rice and potatoes. she is now a size 8/10 and is working on toning instead of losing weight.
the wife of paedophile and former Bega cheese CEO has had her letterbox fire-bombed and received several threatening calls. the father of one of van Ryn's victims has also been seen in her backyard. the wealthy NSW businessman has pleaded guilty to 12 sex offences, including the most serious charge of persistent sexual abuse of a child. he is now allowed to sell off some of his assets to support his wife and pay off debts.
the 29-year-old editor of fashion website who what wear has opened up about her battle with body image in a new article published on her website.
Rhiannon Taylor, 29, travels the world to document the best hotels, beds, pools and room service. she has more than 12,000 followers on Instagram and has turned her social media success into a growing business. she has travelled from Indonesia to the us and Mexico to document great hotels.
'i was a bona fide weirdo in high school. (my best friend was my dad.) I wore my yellow rubber clogs every day. (my best friend was my dad.) I was so obsessed with my pet rabbit that I fed her bananas from my mouth'.
photographer's images show the heartbreak, brutality and horror of the outbreak in liberia. the images were praised by the judges for compassionately illustrating how people's daily lives were destroyed. other projects submitted for consideration included children playing football in one of Argentina's most dangerous slums.
schoolboy suffers from the rare condition Erythropoietic Protoporphyria. it means he suffers terrible sunburn when exposed to direct sunlight. he has to wear a long-sleeved shirt, trousers, and gloves in all weather. when strangers shouted abuse such as 'chocolate face' and 'you're coloured', he refused to wear it any more.
'happy tummy brew' contains almost five times the maximum vitamin A dose for a baby. the original recipe contained more than 10 times the maximum daily intake of vitamin A for babies. the dieticians association of australia said the reworked formula still presents a threat to babies.
France recently passed a law banning models from walking the catwalk if their body mass index is too low. the pressure is on for agencies who can face a fine of up to $80,000 and six months in prison for employing too-thin models. former model Jennifer Sky, 38, from Brooklyn, new york, has revealed in an op-ed that the fashion industry has already found a way around the regulations. 'they gave us Spanx underwear to stuff with weighted s
exclusive poll by ComRes for the Daily Mail and ITV News shows that David Cameron’s party, on 36 per cent of the vote, has moved ahead in the last fortnight. labour is on 32 per cent, the liberal democrats on ten per cent and the liberal democrats on eight per cent, with the greens on five per cent. one in five of those who say they are likely to vote still not sure which party they will back.
excavation of cave in the foothills of the Pyrenees suggests Neanderthals lived alongside predators 200,000 years ago. bones of cave bears, hyenas, leopards, wolves and badgers found in cave. scratches on walls and signs of hibernation nests also found in cave. researchers hope the discoveries will help them learn more about Neanderthal behaviour and their relationship with animals they co-existed with.
Thibaud Jean Leon Vallet, 24, and his cousin Jean Mickael Batrikian, 18, pleaded guilty to animal cruelty. footage emerged of the pair lighting the quokka on Rottnest island on April 3. they were ordered to pay $4000 and were told they would be held behind bars for seven days if they fail to pay the fines. animal rights activists have claimed that the pair's punishment was too lenient for their crime.
the incident took place around 10am on Tuesday along Interstate 35W in Fort Worth, with traffic backed up as a result.
out of 17 bingo halls tested, seven showed traces of cocaine in the toilets. another had traces of crack cocaine, a more dangerous form of the drug. the majority of attendees are elderly, and the findings mirror a spike in drug abuse.
Janet Street-Porter reveals her list of the things that are making her unhappy. a man's chin covered by a thick mat of hair makes him look like a sixties folk singer. a pot of jam on the table is the bane of b&bs, cafes and hotels.
mother-of-one has amassed twice the wealth of her nearest competitors. she has released no new music in the last four years. the 26-year-old has also sung the theme song for the last James Bond instalment.
petraeus avoided jail time at the hearing in Charlotte, north Carolina on Thursday. he was sentenced to two years probation and fined $100,000 for leaking classified information to his mistress while she was working on a book about him.
66-year-old escaped from police custody three times during the 1970s and eventually settled into a quiet life, living in Kentucky since at least 2009. when the sheriff showed up at Moore's house to make the 'arrest,' he was in a hospital bed. he broke down in tears. he told the sheriff he needed medical help. a woman who had been living with Moore had no idea of his past.
the shocking images were taken in ISIS-held territory in the province of Homs. they show the two accused men being savagely executed by up to four jihadis. executioners hugged the blindfolded couple and told them they were forgiven. they then pummeled them to death with hundreds of fist-sized rocks.
Chris Christie appeared on the Tonight Show on Wednesday evening, and called out Jimmy Fallon for his weight jokes about the governor. after Fallon told the governor he 'looked great,' the politician asked him; 'if I look great, what the hell's with all the jokes every night?'. the ice cream, The Tonight Dough, was named after the show by Ben & Jerry's, and includes caramel and chocolate ice creams with chocolate cookie swirls and gobs of
the grand adventure promises to deliver up and close and personal moments with some of the world's most elusive and enchanting wildlife. on each ‘Ultimate Safari’, guests will be guided across the globe on a carefully planned itinerary. accommodation ranges from pure luxury such as Shangri-La Rasa Ria, a large resort with its own orang-utan sanctuary.
gatso had previously enforced the 30mph speed limit in handsworth, birmingham. but it has not been working for two years after every fixed device was switched off.
14-year-old remanded in custody after appearing in court today. he was charged with inciting terror overseas during anzac day ceremony. the boy from blackburn, lancashire, cannot be named but is thought to be the youngest person charged with islamist-related terror offences in the uk. he is also alleged to have encouraged an 18-year-old from Melbourne to carry out another decapitation on a 'loner' in their own home
at 47st (660lb) Bettie Jo was housebound and unable to care for herself. shedding 11st means she is now mobile and can stand up on her own. shedding 11st means she is now able to stand up on her own.
one in seven americans will be an immigrant by 2023. that number could rise to one in five by 2060, when immigrant population reaches 78 million. report comes as president obama is trying to use executive powers to expand deferred action for childhood arrivals policies.
curtis stone’s image has always been of the affable Aussie who loves to cook, but when it comes to his kids there’s some food that he just won't allow them to eat no matter what. the celebrity chef, who lives in Los Angeles with his actress wife Lindsay Price and their two boys, Hudson aged three and seven-month-old Emerson, is not about to let junk food pass their mouths. ‘my kid has never eaten a hot dog because it's full of
scientists in The Netherlands were using the Lofar radio telescope. they found it could measure changes in lightning caused by cosmic rays. a storm can have hundreds of millions of volts over multiple kilometres. method could provide a novel way to understand thunderclouds.
former sheriff's deputy Andrew Steele had pleaded not guilty by reason of mental disease to two counts of first-degree intentional homicide in the august 22 shooting deaths of his wife, 39-year-old Ashlee Steele, and her sister, 38-year-old Kacee Tollefsbol. defense attorneys argued that the disease damaged Steele's brain, making him not criminally responsible for the deaths. a jury deliberated for about 10 hours until all but two of the 12
prosecco has long been seen as the second choice to champagne in the uk. but now it seems our tastes are taking an Italian turn. last year sales overtook those of champagne for the first time.
Andrew Hutchinson raped two patients while they were under general anaesthetic. he assaulted others at John Radcliffe Hospital Oxford between 2011 and 2013. the 29-year-old was convicted of 23 separate charges last month. he was taken into custody at Oxford crown court and is due to be sentenced next week.
researchers at the university of huddersfield have created a technique which they claim can distinguish between the genetic fingerprints of identical twins. technique is called high resolution melt curve analysis - or HRMA. it subjects the DNA to increasingly high temperatures until the hydrogen bonds break, known as the melting temperature. the more hydrogen bonds that are present in the DNA, the higher the temperature required to melt them.
sid Ahmed Ghlam, 24, arrested after allegedly killing 33-year-old mother. he was preparing to storm churches with weapons, including assault rifles. he was 'prepared to kill as many people as he could', says french pm. comes after he said: 'Numerous attacks have already been foiled'
volcano in southern Chile erupted at around 6pm local time, forcing 1,500 residents from nearby town of Ensenada to flee their homes. the eruption sent a huge plume of gas and ash soaring into the atmosphere, visible from up to 100 miles away. volcano is believed to be among the three most dangerous of Chile's 90 active volcanoes.
jamelia enraged twitter users by saying 'unhealthy lifestyles' should not be facilitated. the panellist said that obese women'should feel uncomfortable' about their unhealthy size and that high street stores should not cater for them. now the plus-size industry has spoken out about her comments.
the fire started by a candle in Carl Bradey's Palmerston North rental property last month. the 25-year-old smashed through a window to rescue the child of a family friend. he suffered nerve damage that has left him unable to feel anything in his right arm.
charities' errors generally took the form of under- or over-reporting donations from foreign governments, or in other instances, omitted to break out government donations entirely when reporting revenue. the Clinton Foundation and the Clinton Health Access Initiative said they will be refiling multiple annual tax returns and may audit returns extending as far back as 15 years in case there have been other errors.
Henry Rayhons, 78, was accused of having sex with his wife at her nursing home. she had dementia and Alzheimers meant she no longer had the capacity to consent. he argued that on the night in question he and his wife had been affectionate but had not had any sexual contact. the farmer was emotional as the not guilty verdict was read out at the courtroom.
this year's Proms will include a late-night concert hosted by DJ Pete Tong. it will pay 'homage to Ibiza and its infectious, energetic brand of club music' it will take place coinciding with the 20th anniversary of Radio 1's broadcasts from Ibiza.
man-made quakes jolted once stable regions in eight states, including parts of Alabama, Arkansas, Colorado, Kansas, New Mexico, Ohio, Oklahoma and Texas. earthquakes, they said, were sometimes caused by fracking, in which large volumes of water, sand and chemicals are pumped into rock formations to free oil or gas.
director of public prosecutions says she is 'not afraid' of legal challenge. says she is convinced the labour peer is not fit to plead because of dementia. refused to quit because'making the right decision is not a resigning issue'
Deputy finance minister says country has been 'running on empty' since february. he said it was about €350-400m short of funds needed to pay salaries and pensions. but two hours later he said the money had been found from social security funds.
Jake Malone, 60, flew more than 6,000 miles from Vancouver to Shenzhen. he met a woman calling herself 'RiLi' on a social website 11 months ago. she contacted him after becoming divorced and he decided to pay her a visit. but after turning up at her company's address, he discovered the office had been closed for years. he now wanders the streets of the city with a sign bearing her picture attached to his torso
anika Stanford is the mother of accused killer Vincent Stanford. she is helping detectives investigate the death of beloved teacher Stephanie Scott. she is believed to have given police information which led them to a road in the Cocoparra national park where they discovered burnt remains on April 10. the beloved teacher was buried in an emotional funeral on wednesday.
ten barrels of beer will be made from waste collected by sewage treatment firm. it will be handed over to microbrewers who will turn it into a tasty tipple. sewage will pose'very low human health risk' and be treated to'very high standards'
fiona 'kitty' Carroll was at the Kemah boardwalk marina as her father worked on his boat. when he checked on the girl 'after a brief moment', she was gone. her bucket was found in the water but there was no sign of the little girl. authorities launched sea, land and air searches with the help of Kemah, Nassau Bay, Seabrook police and the coast guard.
virtual studio DesignCrowd asked people to submit before and after graphics of some of the world's most famous landmarks. the 300m-high Eiffel Tower in Paris is incredibly bare and dark, with 336 lamps illuminating it at night. the Arc de Triomphe is the centrepiece of Place Charles de Gaulle at the end of the Champ de Mars.
Darren Jones was seen stepping away from podium after complaining of pins and needles. the 28-year-old approached presenter Ellie Pitt, taking off his glasses. he collapsed seconds before the programme was due to go on air. ambulance was called by cancelled while the debate was delayed.
Ivan Balashov was browsing through smartphones in a shop in south russia. he took a picture of himself wearing a bobble hat and fake Reebok top. but after deciding the camera on the mobile was not good enough, he grabbed another handset and headed for the exit where he was stopped by shop security. when police arrived they quickly discovered the 22-year-old’s selfie.
Kevin Rebbie, 56, of Limerick Township, was arrested after a 15-year-old girl found a hidden camera in her bathroom in march. she told investigators that Rebbie had been watching her for years when she was undressing and when he believed she was asleep. investigators found 41 videos from the hidden camera that included footage of the girl and others while they used the bathroom, 34 of which showed victims as they showered.
Deborah Kane had her right eye removed three years ago in a life-saving nine-hour operation to stop the cancer spreading to her brain. the 46-year-old teaching assistant believes her cancer developed from getting badly burned on holiday in Lanzarote when she was 15. she also bought cheap sunglasses without proper UV protection. to celebrate her recovery, she held an aptly named 'Eye Ball' and named each table after a part of the eye.
top gear executive producer resigns after 'fracas' with producer. he is now free to reunite with the team on a rival channel. speculation that the men are working on a new motoring series. it would be a nightmare scenario for the broadcaster.
the auction is expected to raise in excess of £53million. the most important piece is the Maria Christina Royal Devant-de-­Corsage brooch. also for sale is a pair of antique emerald Indian bangles.
Koby's heart stopped for a staggering 12 minutes after he collapsed. he was playing a game in which children run from one side of a playing field to another without being caught by one of the ‘bulldogs’. teachers across the country have called for the game to be banned.
two ambulances sent to rescue after caller told crews'someone' had been knocked down by a car in epping forest, essex. but moments later the 'victim' turned out to be a squirrel that had been run over. east of england ambulance service released list of bizarre and irritating call outs.
Lyvette Crespo, 43, pleaded not guilty to voluntary manslaughter. she allegedly shot her husband, bell gardens, mayor Daniel Crespo, three times in the chest on september 30. the killing came after the late mayor's years of domestic abuse, the widow claims. her brother, William, says his ex-sister-in-law's claims are all lies and that she killed her husband in cold blood.
alejandro Bouvier of Uruguay filmed the moment another rider got scarily close to his watercraft one sunny day. footage shows him zipping towards the driver before he swings around and drives directly in his path. luckily the two jet skiers avoid a dangerous collision thanks to some swift steering skills.
mohammad Ali Jawad, 56, allegedly dimmed the lights, shut the blinds and asked her to dance to the music of Julio Iglesias. he is claimed to have asked her: 'do you see me as a man or a surgeon?' he is also accused of massaging her neck and touching her breasts.
the celebrity doctor didn't pull any punches in Thursday's episode of The Dr. Oz Show which was called The Truth About His Critics. four who signed the letter, including leader author Henry Miller, have at some point been associated with the american council on science and health. four who signed the letter, including leader author Henry Miller, have at some point been associated with the american council on science and health. four who signed the letter, including leader author Henry Miller, have at some point been associated with the american council on science
all the land in the lower 48 states was worth a combined $23trillion in 2009. researchers estimated that land in the country, minus all the buildings, roads and trees on top of it, achieved its peak value of $26.2 trillion in 2006. land in large urban areas was the most valuable, with cities of more than 1million people worth $64,844 per acre.
Antoni van Leeuwenhoek used his body as a guinea pig in an experiment. he took three lice, nestled them among the hairs of his calf and rolled up a tight stocking so that the insects were bound to his leg. he removed the stocking and counted more than 80 eggs but no young lice.
the first black woman to become the top U.S. law enforcement official, Lynch, 55, was approved by a 56-43 vote. she is expected to take over as head of the justice department on Monday, replacing Eric Holder. the white house said it did not know when exactly Lynch would be sworn in but it wasn't likely to be today.
'the cardinal's faith was simple, direct, without pretense or embarrassment,' said Seattle archbishop J. Peter Sartain. 'he was so utterly a Christian that no circumstance seemed inappropriate for him to give witness to Christ,' he said.
cardboard signs have appeared in the affluent village of Milford, near Godalming. one read: 'please forgive what I said please' another asked the recipient to remember their first date and professed it was the 'best day of my life'
the classic, traditional recipe is a simple one that features rolled oats, desiccated coconut, and golden syrup as the primary ingredients. well-known food authors contributed their spin on the classic recipe, from sugar-free, to a pimped-up chocolate and macadamia version.
ex-husband slammed murder trial as 'cruelest thing he's ever witnessed' he insisted her actions were 'completely a result of her illness' and maintains she was a good mother who loved her children. she was convicted of capital murder in 2002 and sentenced to life in prison. but an appeals court granted her a retrial and she was found not guilty in 2006.
prime minister pledges to deliver effective 'home rule' for england. english, Welsh and northern irish MPs will be able to set separate rate of income tax to that in scotland. plan is likely to trigger a row with labour, which opposes an english veto.
Adam Sandler's new movie The Ridiculous 6 ran into a huge problem on monday when a dozen Native American extras stormed off the set. they were offended by the script's jokes about their race and culture. the cultural adviser for the movie, which is filming in new mexico, walked off the set. 'we were supposed to be Apache, but it was really stereotypical and we did not look Apache at all. we looked more like Comanche,'
the parents of 8-year-old Brock Guzman who was taken from his home when someone stole the family car from their driveway on monday morning are now filing a formal complaint against police. this after his wife, Suzanne, refused to let the officers into their home, something he claims she was doing for their own safety. 'we were treated like criminals,' he said.
John Hinckley Jr. has been dating a woman he met at a National Association for the Mentally Ill meeting. this was revealed by his brother Scott during a hearing to determine if he should be released from the institution he has been at since shooting president Ronald Reagan. Hinckley currently splits his time between his mother's home in Williamsburg, virginia and St. Elizabeth's hospital in washington.
a new book claims that the ex-king of spain was having an affair with a german aristocrat for the last ten years of his reign. the bombshell allegation is that he was romancing corinna zu Sayn-Wittgenstein and was so smitten with her that he even contemplated divorcing his wife, Sofia. final de partida – or End Game – by Ana Romero sold out within 24 hours
a waterfall gushing over the harbour bridge and a crocodile stalking flood water inside a train station are just a few of the fake photos to emerge from the storm. social media users were left scratching their heads over some of the manipulated snaps being shared during the storm. the hoax video of a wave rider surfing in front of the Sydney’s Opera House was nothing but a hoax.
first class constable Daniel Jamieson is accused of leaking confidential information about the arrest of fallen AFL star Ben Cousins to his girlfriend. channel 7 reporter monique Dirksz got the scoop when she was the only reporter outside freemantle police station at 2am on march 12. the 29-year-old has been stood down immediately and has been charged with four counts of disclosing official secrets between march 11 and 17.
Ahmed Gaddaf al-Dam said 'overwhelming chaos' in Libya 'has become a shame' but senior conservative minister has defended government's role in overthrow. about 800 people are believed to have died when boat overturned off Libyan waters.
NBC journalist Jeff Rossen filmed an airport worker at LaGuardia airport in new york doing push-ups on the runway after loading a plane. footage shows the employee wearing his high-visibility jacket and gloves while performing the aerobic stunt.
the £80,000 911 Carrera was crushed by a builder's lorry in a suburban street in Nottingham. both vehicles had been caught in traffic after a cyclist was injured on a nearby road. one witness said: 'the bloke looked absolutely distraught. it was obviously his pride and joy'
part-time welder had to have part of his tongue removed after being diagnosed with mouth cancer. 48-year-old had to undergo 14 hours of surgery at royal Derby hospital. surgeons sawed through his jawbone and removed part of his tongue. he was then replaced with muscle from his arm - which still has hairs on it.
previously unseen letters show he was a womaniser who had affairs without settling down. letters are part of the John Schroder collection, which has spent decades in private hands but will now be available to the public. among the lovers whose affairs with Brooke are featured are cathleen nesbitt and Phyllis Gardner.
mark Steven west, 32, was sentenced to four months in jail and eight years probation for having sex with a student in 2012. he had previously said the girl instigated the moment, seducing him by saying she was 'feeling horny' but the judge was scathing in handing down her punishment, saying just three weeks after the incident the girl graduated, which would have made their encounter legal.
SS Sgt. Oskar Groening told the court on the third day of his trial that it was 'unimaginable' that Jews would leave the camp alive. the 93-year-old is being tried on 300,000 counts of accessory to murder. he is known as 'the bookkeeper of Auschwitz' and worked for an insurance company after the war.
broken tvs, computers, microwaves and refrigerators are being illegally exported to west-African countries. 41 million tonnes of 'e-waste' worth over £34billion were discarded globally in 2014, according to a report by the united nations university.'millions of tonnes' of broken goods are dumped in landfills like Agbogbloshie in Ghana because it is cheaper than recycling them in their countries of origin. brokers manage to ship containers of broken equipment to the continent by fraudulent
Bruce Davis, 72, was convicted in the 1969 slayings of musician Gary Hinman and stuntman Donald 'Shorty' Shea. he was 30 years old at the time and sentenced to life in prison in 1972. the parole board cited his age and good behavior as reasons to grant him parole in march last year.
Chris Early, who owns a production company in Knoxville, tn, bought a quadcopter to make commercials but he decided he could use it for personal surveillance purposes too. the tech-enthusiast released footage of one of his remote chaperoning sessions to ABC News, showing how he is now able monitor his child's whereabouts from the skies.
the largest german bank will pay $775 million in penalties to the justice department, $800 million to the US Commodity Futures Trading Commission, $600 million to the New York Department of Financial Services. the $2.5 billion fine is a record for interest-rate manipulation.
certain stars have taken a quicker turn for the worst than their contemporaries. from child actors that swiftly deteriorated in the limelight to golden stars that have greyed with time, FEMAIL rounds up the worst.
the 69-year-old was convicted of indecently assaulting a woman behind the scenes at the Mrs Merton Show. he was sentenced to three months' imprisonment, suspended for two years. at a costs application hearing today, the former radio presenter was told he would be awarded travel and hotel fees for his time on trial.
gang of eight dug 50m-long tunnel in bid to steal artefacts from 1,400-year-old temple. police launched sting operation four days later and arrested five gang members. gang had been renting restaurant across road from Guanghui temple.
ruben Blundell's brother was four days overdue when his mother went into labour. left with no time to get to hospital, the family had to deliver the baby at home. Ruben helped in the birth by fetching towels and telling his mother to breathe.
fiancee and fellow WNBA player Glory Johnson, both 24, were arrested on suspicion of assault and disorderly conduct on wednesday. police were called to the couple's home in goodyear, arizona, after a fight turned physical. 'we couldn't get them pulled apart,' the sister, Judy Johnson, told cops when they arrived.
attorney-turned-cook and activist Joan Cheever founded the Chow Train non-profit organization in 2005. she has been serving hot meals at city parks out of her personal pickup truck because it is more maneuverable. on April 7, Cheever and her band of volunteers were dishing out free food to those in need at Maverick Park on the outskirts of San Antonio. she was issued a citation and a $2,000 fine for failure to serve food out of a licensed food truck.
schoolgirl took a sip from a water bottle spiked with highly corrosive acid. she discovered an unusual taste and smell to the colourless liquid. the girl was left needing urgent medical treatment after the incident. two pupils at the specialist science college have been suspended.
Michelle Carter, 18, is charged with involuntary manslaughter in the death of her friend, 18-year-old conrad Roy III. her lawyers say she is 'bewildered' at being charged with involuntary manslaughter. they say it's 'impossible' for her to receive a fair trial in the area because the district attorney is the victim's third cousin. however the district attorney's office filed a response arguing that the DA
more than 200 people queued outside the store in Avlaston, Derbyshire. they queued from 10pm last night to get their hands on a 21inch tv. the company gave away golden tickets to the first 100 people through the door.
the former secretary of state will testify in public about her use of a private email account and server while she was secretary of state. the first hearing will focus on her use of private emails, and the second on the September 2012 attacks that killed four Americans, including the u.s. ambassador to Libya. the move will set up a high-profile showdown over Clinton's use of a private email account and server while she was secretary of state.
mail carrier Doug Hughes, 61, steered his tiny gyrocopter through protected Washington airspace for 30 miles to the capitol. security tracked him as he approached the capitol last week after taking off from gettysburg, Pennsylvania. a 'judgment call' was made not to shoot him down, he said. he is 'lucky to be alive' and'should have been blown out of the air,' rep. Jason Chaffetz, R-Uta
the 25-year-old crashed into a recovery vehicle at the Japanese grand prix. he suffered a severe head injury and is now in a coma. his father has spoken of the pain his family have gone through since the accident.
victim called 'homewrecker' by victim who accused her of affair with partner. threw drink over her at charity event at dawdon cricket club in seaham. victim was left covered in blood after temple bit a chunk out of her ear. temple, 33, was jailed for 20 months after admitting grievous bodily harm.
arturo Vidal scored from the spot to give his side the lead in the 57th minute. the midfielder had been out for seven weeks with a calf injury. he collided with Ricardo Carvalho as he made his way towards goal.
Steve Cotterill has taken Bristol City to the brink of a Championship return. the club have already won silverware this season in the form of a Johnstone's paint trophy win last month. cotterill is aware that they'd be nowhere near a win away from League One promotion, potentially ending the season as champions.
college juniors Emily Clark, 20, of Powder Springs, Morgan Bass, 20, of Leesburg, Abbie Deloach, 21, of Savannah, Catherine Pittman, 21, of Alpharetta and Caitlyn Baggett, 21, of Millen, perished early Wednesday morning. fellow students Brittney McDaniel, of Reidsville, and Megan Richards, of Loganville, survived the crash but were hospitalized with injuries.
jose mourinho has announced he will promote one of the club's youngsters. the 17-year-old is earmarked first team potential. he is the last player to come through the club's youth ranks and become a first-team regular.
Emmanuel Adebayor travelled in style to training earlier this year in a Rolls Royce Phantom Drophead Coupe. the 31-year-old has pocketed £3.4million in wages since his last start for the club against aston villa on November 2. he is exiled for tax and lifestyle purposes in the Bahamas where he conducts much of his business on his enormous yacht.
Aaron Hernandez, 25, was convicted on April 15 of killing 27-year-old Odin Lloyd in 2013. he was sentenced to life behind bars. he was moved to the maximum-security souza-baranowski correctional center in Shirley, Massachusetts.
the actor was on good form when the line of questioning suddenly got personal. he could be seen getting visibly uncomfortable when interviewer Krishnan Guru-Murthy began asking about his personal demons. when asked about his relationship with his father, he gets up and says: 'i'm sorry, I really don't... what are we doing?'
the lawsuit is seeking $75,000 in compensation, as well as unspecified punitive damages, and calls for a court order prohibiting the use of police techniques 'that demean, disregard, or underserve its African-American population' the civil suit claims Brown had his hands up in surrender when he was killed, a claim strongly disputed during the previous investigation.
Lee Tomlin opened the scoring for middlesbrough in the 50th minute. Patrick Bamford doubled the home side's lead in the 66th minute. second-half goals from Tomlin and Bamford secured victory.
rickety dinghy carrying around 100 african refugees began to sink in the sea. one of the Muslims on board ordered him to stop, saying: 'we only pray to Allah' when he refused, a violent fight ensued and 12 Christians drowned. over 900 migrants making the perilous journey have either died or gone missing since the start of the year. 400 migrants died in two shipwrecks last week.
starting in may, Scott Turner Schofield will become the first transgender man to have a recurring role on a daytime soap opera when he appears on the popular soap opera The Bold and the Beautiful. Schofield will be playing Nick, a mentor of sorts to the character of Maya Avant, played by Karla Mosley. Avant is struggling with her gender identity in her current storyline on the show.
former real madrid defender Roberto Carlos has picked his dream team. the brazilian has won the competition three times in five seasons. he recalls the great names he played alongside and against.
Fulham will sound out Mark Warburton about taking over at Craven Cottage. owner Shahid Khan is planning to release a budget of £20million to spend on new players. the cottagers are deliberating over the future of kit Symons.
Yannick Bolasie scored a hat-trick in crystal palace's 4-1 win over sunderland. Connor Wickham and Adam Johnson both stood nearer their own goal than the referee when the ball went in. arsenal's decision to axe goalkeeper wojciech szczesny has proved pivotal point of the season.
the league two club parted company with manager Andy Awford at a meeting at the club's Roko training ground this morning. he said his goodbyes to the players after he was informed of the news. his future had been in doubt as they slipped away from the play-off places.
Eden Hazard has scored 18 goals in all competitions for his club this season. the 24-year-old helped the blues win the capital one cup. he was rewarded with the top individual award of the night at the Grosvenor hotel in London.
Lionel Messi scored with the last kick and Luis Suarez with his first. the argentine has now scored 400 goals in just 471 games. he has 309 goals in the league, 75 in the champions league and 32 in the copa del rey.
the fighter ace lost both legs in a flying accident in 1931. he was shot down over France in august 1941 and ended up in a german prison camp in warburg. his story predates the break in 1944 immortalised in the film starring Steve McQueen and Richard Attenborough.
the Colombian forward has yet to score against the top level Premier League teams. his meagre return came in games against everton, aston villa, Stoke City and Leicester City. he was denied space and room to breathe by the constant, intimidating presence of captain John Terry.
the letter was delivered to residents in the area over the past few days. it outlines the schedule for the planned victory parade on may 25. the parade would start around 12pm and finish around 1pm.
aspiring model Leonie Granger lured professional gambler to his death. the 25-year-old tied up the father of three and kicked him to death. he was left with multiple broken bones and drowned in his own blood. she was found guilty of manslaughter by a majority but not guilty of murder. co-defendants Kyrron Jackson and Nicholas Chandler were jailed for life.
armed forces charity help for heroes set up fund-raising appeal in his name. it will pay for a live-in carer to look after second world war veteran. but council said it was no longer able to afford to pay for his ongoing care. he had already used £50,000 of his life savings to pay for his care.
sportsmail looks at five winter-window arrivals who have failed to impress. chelsea's £23m winger has failed to score or create a goal in nearly three months. manchester city's £28m striker has netted just one goal this season.
‘Human Harvest: China’s Organ Trafficking’ will show how researchers began to uncover the gory details. human rights lawyer David Matas investigated allegations of organ harvesting of Falun Gong practitioners in china. they uncovered evidence that tens of thousands of innocent people have been killed on demand to supply an ongoing illegal organ transplant industry.
'it's the ultimate honour because Pele is the greatest player of Brazil and probably the world,' says Philippe Coutinho. 'when you see the manager trusts you and gives you a lot of confidence it makes you play even better,' says the midfielder. 'when you see the manager trusts you and gives you a lot of confidence it makes you play even better,' says Coutinho.
the tracksuit tycoon has agreed to buy a plot of land in Chelsea from the retailer John Lewis for somewhere in the region of £200million. in five years, when the operation to build the properties is concluded and they have been sold to high-end buyers, he will add something in the region of another £1bn to his net worth. the biggest motivation in his life is to make money, something reflected in Newcastle United's latest accounts.
atletico madrid and real madrid drew 0-0 at the Vicente Calderon on tuesday. spanish giants have a diamond in Raphael Varane, who turns 22 later this month. the 22-year-old's performance was wise beyond his years.
the ten-year-old twins, who live in Raleigh, north Carolina, met their hero on the Yorktown - a retired warship in Charleston, where he served as an aircraft handler decades before. it was an emotional first meeting for the friends who had been in contact with each other for about a year via email. the boys spent the day exploring the ship together with the boys hearing first-hand just what life was like on board a real battleship.
never-before-seen photographs show the horror of the doomed gallipoli landings during ww1. an estimated 1,000 Allied soldiers died on the first day of the disastrous invasion until January 1916. a mule is hoisted on board the collier ship SS River Clyde ahead of the three-day journey across the aegean. soldiers are seen being hosed down on the deck of the SS River Clyde and even the moment a soldier makes the
Dougie Freedman is on the verge of agreeing a new two-year deal. the cult hero replaced cult hero Stuart pearce at the city ground. the club's owners are pleased with the job he has done at the club.
'it was the best JT has ever played. it was absolutely amazing,' says manager. 'we always talk about Chelsea being defensive and he's the best,' says sportsmail columnist.
if there was a defender of the year, John Terry would clean up. this has been his best season in a Chelsea shirt. he didn't break sweat against arsenal and Chelsea were too streetwise for arsene wenger’s team.
chelsea drew 0-0 with arsenal at the emirates stadium on sunday. every touch was booed as he operated in a deep role alongside Nemanja Matic. referee Michael Oliver booked him for a dive on the spot.
former spurs midfielder sprained ligament in his right knee on saturday. gareth bale picked up a calf injury in the same game on saturday. real madrid will have to get there without him in the champions league final.
new satellite images reveal rapid progress in constructing runway on disputed territory in the south china sea. the Philippines, Vietnam, Malaysia, Brunei and Taiwan all claim the fiery cross reef in the Spratly Islands. but by march this year, it had been transformed into an artificial island which could be used for military operations. worrying photographs were revealed by security analysts Jane's Defense Weekly who claim building work could create space for another 3,000m airstrip.
Frank Ernest Shepherd, III of Houston, Texas, led police on a high-speed chase after being pulled over for a traffic stop that ended when he slammed into another vehicle. he then got out of the car and reached into his backseat before being shot by police. the entire incident was captured live by a helicopter filming from above.
furious leadership claims it is Washington which wields the greatest military muscle. comes as satellite images reveal flotilla of Chinese vessels dredging sand onto artificially-built land masses near the Spratly Islands. area is claimed by many other countries in the region - but china has 'indisputable rights'
the former beauty queen tweeted a message of support for her former husband ahead of his ABC prime time special with Diane Sawyer. it's the first public comment the former decathlete has made about his anticipated confirmation that he's transgender and plans to live as a woman. she compared his expected revelations about his personal journey to the magnitude of what he accomplished as an athlete.
Zermatt in the upper valais area of Switzerland has imposed the ban. a report from an animal welfare charity alleged the dogs were kept in'miserable conditions'. the organisation has been calling for the town council to ban the use of the dogs for many years.
researchers examined the brains of more than 900 people aged 60 and over. exposure to small, sooty particles, mostly caused by traffic fumes and factory emissions, alters the structure of the brain. microscopic particles have been shown to cause lung damage and harmful changes in blood vessels and clotting.
the list is dominated by european nations, particularly those in Scandinavia. it measures a country's population by factors contributing to its citizens' contentment, rather than wealth. britons are happier now than they were two years ago, but still ranks in at a relatively lowly 21st place. the united states is a full 10 places below canada, ranking at 10th and fifth respectively.
mother-of-five, 43, reveals how her son was a 'cheeky chappy' and 'lots of fun' he would 'dance and sing all the time. he was a real show off' in tribute, she says they all threw a pound coin into his grave for him.
eight faculty members wrote the op-ed after 10 doctors urged Columbia to sever all ties with the doctor. the doctors accused him of being a 'charlatan' who promotes 'quack treatments' on his syndicated talk show. he has vehemently defended his work at the university, saying his on-air 'ozisms' should not cancel out his stellar work.
Julie Schenecker, 54, was convicted last may of shooting her son Beau, 13, and daughter Calyx, 16, in their upscale Tampa Bay, florida home in 2011. in an exclusive jailhouse interview, she has claimed she pulled the trigger to'save' her children. she claimed her son was being sexually abused - but would not say by whom - and that Calyx had told her she was suffering from mental illness. but police disputed the claims, saying she had admitted
around 15 animals ran away from their pen in Schodack, upstate new york, on Thursday evening and then swam across the Hudson River. they then started running down the Thruway, a series of toll roads which link up the major cities in the state. three men hired by the farm were cleared to open fire in a stream in woods in the town of Coeymans, about 10 miles south of the state capital Albany. experts agreed tranquilizers would not be effective and no portable
the horse, Charly, was patrolling Venice Beach with his minders on Tuesday when he was vandalized. the tagger managed to write 'RBS' and an arrow on the horse's flank with silver spray paint.
turnham primary school sent out 'home-school agreement' for all children to sign. infants must also promise to refrain from using homophobic and racist phrases. they must also promise to be tolerant of people with different sexual orientations and lifestyles.
the 1961 Ferrari 250 GT SWB California Spider is widely regarded by many as the most beautiful convertible ever made. but it is best known for that infamous scene in the 1986 teen comedy starring Matthew Broderick. the car, in classic Ferrari red, was the pride and joy of the father of Ferris Bueller's best friend Cameron in the movie. but the friends take the model out for a spin which results in the convertible accidentally smashing through its glass showroom doors into the ravine below.
the medal belongs to Frederick George Biddulph, who served with the 23rd Australian Infantry Battalion at Gallipolli between 1914 and 1915. a grave in Melbourne's Springvale cemetery bearing a plaque with Frederick's name is probably not his either. it records the date of his brother Lewis, who joined the army in his name because he had poor hearing. 'we think his younger brother Lewis, who had a slight hearing problem, may have used his name to sign up,'
the vaccine, known as RTS,S, took 30 years to develop. tests were carried out on 15,500 toddlers and babies in sub-saharan africa. among those who had three doses of the vaccine, the number of clinical cases of malaria was reduced by 36 per cent after four years.
damon clay, 17, was left with burns covering 70 per cent of his body after two other teens attacked him with a pot of boiling rice while he was sleeping. police have arrested 19-year-old Quintavious Barber and 18-year-old malik Morton for aggravated assault and cruelty to a child.
the limited edition sheet of stamps feature images of the novelist and his life, including the first post box design. the first boxes were erected in Jersey in 1852 as a trial before appearing across mainland Britain.
five-year-old girl was playing at her sister's friend's house in Melbourne. a neighbour's pitbull attacked the little girl and left her with deep gashes. her mother says not a day goes by that she cries for her daughter. but the dog's owner escaped without a conviction for not registering his pitbull and was instead handed a $1500 fine by the court.
business leaders voice concerns over 'personal attacks and scaremongering' they believe negative tactics have done little to discredit Ed Miliband. a number of business leaders have blasted the 'disastrous' campaign.
owl breeder Jay Brittain, 63, was worried that the baby owls look so similar at birth that he could end up overfeeding them. so he instructed workers at the farm to varnish the claws of each fluffy owlet using nail polish in their very own 'talon salon' the first born Tawny owl is given orange talons, the second hatched has theirs painted purple and for the third born, pink.
Michael Hanline, 69, was convicted of murder for the fatal shooting of truck driver JT McGarry in 1980. a judge dismissed the charges against him on Wednesday. in a video posted by the California Innocence Project, he is seen on the day he was released asking for a hamburger 'they show on television with the bacon on it' 'My oh my, that's what meat tastes like huh?' he said after taking his first bite.
jihadi Mark John Taylor has posted a video to Youtube urging IS sympathisers to attack services in australia and new zealand. the video has since been removed after 3 news notified authorities. police have confirmed they have implemented extra security measures amid growing concerns of a targeted terror attack.
'we are pleased that this case is over,' said a lawyer for the coach's daughter. the one-sentence dismissal motion did not give a reason for the move, but it said each woman should pay her own legal costs. Grimes sued the coach's daughter in 2012 over a fight they had while attending college in 2010.
Beth O'Rourke, 44, of Paxton, Massachusetts, has spent the past 7 years fighting stage four biliary cancer. on April 16, the mother of Courtney, 11, and seamus, 8, passed away surrounded by family. she wrote a heartbreaking obituary for herself before passing away.
two up is one of australia's longest lasting traditions. it dates back to australia's goldfields and the first recorded games are believed to have taken place in the late 1790s. it is now legal to be played on ANZAC Day across Returned Servicemen League clubs (RSL) and pubs.
on April 16, Molly Parks was found in the bathroom of the pizza restaurant where she worked in Manchester, new hampshire with a needle still in her arm. when police turned up on her father's doorstep, they knew they were there about her. days later, her family wrote an honest obituary announcing her death.'she made a lot of bad decisions including experimenting with drugs,' it reads.
the apple watch is officially going on sale today - but none of its stores will have them in stock. instead, consumers willing to shell out £299 to £13,500 - for the gold edition - have to pre-order the watches online and wait for their arrival until June. analysts believe the company feared the queues outside stores might be embarrassingly small.
scotland's first minister said she would form anti-tory alliance with smaller parties. comes as labour slipped four points behind the tories in latest polls. but the SNP could win as many as 50 MPs in Scotland, she said.
the 24-year-old from Melbourne is recovering at a five-star hotel in Bangkok. she is part of the $5,190 'Bangkok Nose Job' medical tourism package she is on. 'i'm feeling so much better now, just excited to see the outcome!' she says.
the president's spokesman did not name-check opponents of Obama's argument on climate change today but it was evident that he was referring to conservatives such as Oklahoma Senator Jim Inhofe. 'the president believes that to deny the existence of climate change is to deny an observable fact that is substantiated by science,' he said.
lack of natural daylight is thought to be driving up rates of short-sightedness. study shows 40 minutes of extra natural light per day could help to reduce cases by 26%. in china, four teenagers in five are short-sighted, transparent classrooms are being tested in a bid to increase pupils’ exposure to natural light.
Mick Schumacher will make his debut in the 2015 ADAC Formula 4 series. the 16-year-old will follow in the footsteps of his father, who won 91 races. he will start on the grid in 19th position out of 38 tomorrow.
one-year-old Sarina Aziz became agitated on a flight from Israel to luton. she was strapped in the connector belt required for children under the age of two. she became frustrated and it became difficult to keep her subdued. her parents, who live in north london, are seeking legal advice.
japanese women swear by the 'beauty from within' philosophy and prefer to sip on tincture tonics to encourage clear, unblemished skin. Mahonia, a traditional herbal treatment for acne, is a number one bestseller in the east Asian nation.
the department of immigration ranked third in the survey. the department of defence and the department of health also came in at number 10. more than 50 per cent of participants in a study of 12,000 people appeared to want to work for boss Richard Branson.
'it's horrible to look at and horrible to live with,' says 43-year-old from gloucestershire. she had a breast augmentation operation six years ago but was left with a deformed breast that 'looked like a croissant'
an anonymous Ohio woman has spoken out in a reddit Q&A about why she and her husband made the painful decision to have an abortion at 23 weeks. when they learned that their unborn daughter had a chromosomal defect 'incompatible with life outside the womb', they decided that terminating the pregnancy was the best course of action.
two soldiers, one a Buckingham Palace guard, walked free from court. one stamps 18 times on victim's head while the other rained blows on his body. the pair were expected to be jailed for the 'deeply unpleasant and inexcusable' assault. judge at Teesside crown court made what even he admitted was an 'extraordinary' decision.
tv presenter, 60, retraced the steps of his grandfather, George Thomson. he served in gallipoli as part of the new zealand medical corps. 'papa's' war diary lit a 'flame of interest' to learn more about his grandfather.
Rachael Bishop, 19, was working an afternoon shift at the ice cream chain's Lynnwood, Washington store when a man came in and showed her he had a gun. as the man reached into the till, Bishop tried to swat his hand away. when that didn't stop him, she started punching him in the head multiple times.
posters included profanity and promoted the event as a time to not highlight sexual orientation or differences among students. 'Brought to you by the students that are sick of hearing about your LGBT pride,' the posters read.
co-star heida Reed claims viewers' obsession with his body is sexist. 27-year-old claims it is evidence of reverse sexism and undermines show. she said: 'it's nice for everyone involved that he's viewed as a sex symbol'
embalmers have developed techniques to maintain the look and feel of lenin's body. they brag that their technique has been the result of almost a century of fine-tuning. the gruesome job is the responsibility of a team known as the 'Mausoleum group'
the party leader said he gets an 'unbelievably' positive welcome when he meets black people. but he said claims the party is racist have stopped many supporters – including internationally acclaimed rock stars and billionaires – from backing him publicly.
artist Frank McKeever from Florida created these amazing posters. they show how we could colonise various worlds in the solar system. included are humans skiing on a moon of Uranus and living in cities on Mars. others show life on Europa and near Saturn - and a destroyed Earth. the posters are hand-drawn and then taken into Photoshop and Illustrator.
Freddie Gray was arrested on April 12 after making eye contact with officers. officers held him down, handcuffed him and loaded him into police van. while inside, he became irate and leg cuffs were put on him, police said. at some point, he suffered unexplained spinal injury that led to his death. six officers have been suspended with pay as investigation continues. but commissioner has ruled out possibility of his resignation.
the number of passenger vehicle teen drivers involved in fatal crashes decreased from 5,724 to 2,568, per 100,000 people in the last decade. new safety features in cars and graduate license restrictions are among the top reasons for the dramatic drop in fatalities. graduated licenses decrease overall crash rate in teen drivers by 20 to 40%.
'the family is watching all together with Bruce, so i’m literally rushing out right after this to catch a flight home so they can wait and watch it with me,' the 34-year-old beauty said.
the iron age fort was discovered on top of the Dunnicaer sea stack. it would have been cut off from the land at high tide and would have given the inhabitants a strong defensive position. but resupplying the fort up the cliff faces would have been hard.
Pedestrian Andrea McVeigh was sent crashing face-first into concrete. the 44-year-old was left sprawled in a pool of her own blood. she suffered two three-inch gashes to the middle of her forehead. the cyclist fled the scene, chased by the 44-year-old's husband.
Timothy Crook is alleged to have murdered his elderly parents in 2007. he then drove their bodies 150 miles before dumping them in a grey Nissan Micra. but the car he is accused of using to transport the bodies has been lost.
the recall includes all products bearing the brand name 'Jeni's' the company is ceasing all sales and closing all scoop shops until its products are 'ensured to be 100 per cent safe' the action follows a similar recall by Texas-based blue bell creameries on Monday night.
detainee is expected to be released in summer after 13 years in captivity. 48-year-old has been held without charge or trial for more than 13 years. he is longest-serving uk resident in prison and has twice been cleared for release.
Christopher Wheeler, 54, had more than 2,000 images and videos of boys engaging in sex acts with men when police raided his $350,000 mansion in 2013. one of those showed a naked boy with his head being held by an adult male while performing a sex act. the investigation stemmed from allegations he had sexually his adopted son, aspiring professional golfer Nikolai, and two other teenagers.
video posted to facebook has been watched more than three million times. encouraging teens to blow their lips up to epic proportions using bottles or shot glasses to mirror Kylie Jenner's voluptuous looking pout.
stud farm owner, Sonia Sharrock, praised her brother-in-law for saving her horses from the floods. the horses became tangled in fences amidst the floods in maitland, in the Hunter Region of new south wales. 'i don't know what i would have done without him and my sister,' she said.
soil underneath slide showed radiation readings of up to 480 microsieverts per hour. this is nearly half the recommended annual limit of exposure for a person. authorities believe the radiation could be coming from something buried underneath the park.
19 Kids and Counting star jessa, 22, and her 19-year-old husband Ben announced their pregnancy in a video for tlc.com.
Charlene Wall Jeffs, 58, has 10 children with her husband and the two have been married for 31 years. she claims the church has 'become even more disturbing than it was under Warren'
'I didn't do anything wrong, but they still got rid of me,' Rose McGrath of battle Creek, Michigan said tearfully. last week St. Joseph's Middle School, a private catholic school, sent a letter to Rose and her dismissing her from the school for low attendance and poor academic performance. 'even though she's now done with her treatments you still have a very long recovery process because you've basically put two and a half years of poison into your body,'
photographer Martin Beck has snapped Captain America, Iron Man and the Green Lantern taking a step back from fighting crime. he has produced the series of gritty portraits laced with melancholy humour in his latest project called we can be heroes. his subjects look like they can't get over the fact they've had to retire or never quite passed at superhero school.
Paul Gregory, 51, claimed exercise left him breathless on 191-mile hike. he was exposed when council staff read newspaper article recounting exploits. article told how he was knocked over by cows on third day of hike in 2012. pleaded guilty to dishonestly obtaining blue badge by misrepresenting physical abilities. fined £795 and ordered to carry out 150 hours of unpaid work and pay £60 victim surcharge.
the 65-year-old halted his gender transition after meeting and falling in love with Kris Kardashian, the ex-wife of famed LA attorney Robert Kardashian. the couple married in late 1990 and went on to have two children together - Kendall, now 19, and Kylie, 17, before divorcing in December last year. he still had his athletic physique and heavy set masculine features when he appeared in the 1980 film can't stop the music. but he stopped out of 'fear' of publicity
the collection includes a curve-skimming dress, an intricate nightgown and a range of silk and lace sets. one daring cut-out bra leaves most of the breasts exposed, with straps that creep up to the neck. other stand-outs include a barely-there peek-a-boo thong, teamed with gartered stockings.
airport could be rebranded 'Shakespeare's Airport' in the u.s. to attract more tourists. there are concerns that not enough Americans will know who playwright is. a similar rebranding in china has attracted thousands of tourists to the city.
the 'escort card' was a comical printed card handed out by men to women. it was used by men to formally introduce themselves to new acquaintances. the novelty card was reserved for more casual encounters, namely men seeking the company of women, known as an 'escort card'
suspects, all of Somali descent, detained after months of being monitored by the government agency through one of their former allies. a government official revealed the informant, who once planned to travel to Syria himself, has been paid at least $13,000 for providing tip-offs. the suspects' families screamed from the packed public gallery as their lawyers questioned the reliability of the mole. but a judge maintained there was probable cause to believe a crime was committed, and ordered the four men to remain
a cross-dressing robber allegedly held up a northwest Melbourne service station with a homemade machine gun. he allegedly confronted a female cashier with what appeared to be a homemade machine gun he pulled out of a bag. a 23-year-old Taylors Hill man was arrested on Thursday and charged with one count of armed robbery. he was remanded in custody to appear in Melbourne Magistrates Court at a later date.
18-year-old hit back at people who criticised her on the social networking site. she said she is going to turn their negative comments into positivity. the daughter of russian billionaire roman has five children with second wife irina.
no public holiday is triggered when Anzac Day falls on a Saturday. the agreement was designed to provide uniformity of public holidays. if Easter, Christmas, Australia Day, the queen's birthday or Labour Day fall on a weekend, a holiday is granted on a weekday. western australia and some public servants in Canberra will get Monday off.
the house began sliding down the hill it was built on after it was battered by the wild weather on Tuesday. a tree stump on the hill prevented the house from falling further down, but authorities feared it was only a matter of time before it caused further damage to surrounding properties. a firetruck had been brought in to dampen the house and the surrounding area as the property contained asbestos.
pariah state may also have the capability to produce enough weapons-grade uranium to double its arsenal by next year. china estimates of Pyongyang's nuclear production exceed most previous US forecasts of between 10 to 16 bombs.
fire chief volunteer Chad Murphy wore a camera on his now-charred helmet as he stepped into the furnace in Rumson on monday. footage shows him entering the burning building and carefully navigating the smoke-filled interiors. he's seen hosing down a glass skylight with debris falling down.
intruders broke into home in Hatfield peverel,. Essex, flooded kitchen, dumped tv in bath filled with water and slashed sofas and chairs in wanton wrecking spree. stole jewellery including a wedding ring and watches, a computer, laptop and tablet from the house. the group even stopped for some toast - leaving bread and butter out on the sideboard.
detective sgt Stephen Phillips, 46, and police constables Christopher Evans, 37, and Michael Stokes, 34, are all facing charges of 'theft by a serving police officer' Phillips, of Winch Wen, Swansea, Evans of Llangennech, Carmarthenshire and Stokes from Glynneath were released on bail following today's hearing.
the 20-year-old woman was driving on the I-25 in weld county, north of Denver, when her window shattered and she felt bleeding from both sides of her neck. she was taken to hospital where surgeons found she had been shot clean through the neck.
columnist for the sun called migrants 'cockroaches' in hard-hitting statement. high commissioner for human rights said it was 'nasty underbelly of racism' he asked all european countries to take firmer line on racism and xenophobia.
'i haven't had KFC for about four months, which is killing me', says sprinter. chef chases him around house to make sure he is eating his greens. 'to perform how I want i have to be perfect in training,' he said.
headteacher has banned all drinks except water during the school day. rowdown primary school in new addington, south london, enforced the rule. but some parents say it is too strict and many children don't like water. campaigner: 'they should be able to drink whatever they want and not just water'
mother-of-six Louise Henderson alakil, 49, moved to the country 27 years ago. she is hiding in a shelter below her family home on the outskirts of the city. her youngest children, Miriam, 11, and Ayesha, 9, are living in fear. they have posted applications to the uk but fear they will not return.
the Duchess of Cambridge is due to give birth to her second child any day now. experts agree that carefully easing the body back into exercise is the best method. women's health physiotherapist Camilla Lawrence tells mailonline how to get your body back to its pre-pregnancy shape.
acclaimed film about kidnap and rape of 14-year-old in ethiopia sparks controversy. but actress, 32, says film could put her and family in danger of reprisals. she was never consulted by film-makers and did not give them permission.
derelict property in bath city centre torn down and replaced with 14 flats. but residents complained it was three feet higher and four feet wider than approved. developer has committed a 'breach of planning control' and ordered building to be bulldozed.
the secondary chamber is so large its partly-molten rock could fill the Grand Canyon 11 times over. it sits 12 to 28 miles (19 to 45km) beneath the supervolcano and measures 11,035 cubic miles (46,000 cubic km) experts say there is a one in 700,000 annual chance of a volcanic eruption at the site. previous research found a relatively small magma chamber directly beneath the surface in 2013 that measures 2,500 cubic miles (10,420 cubic km)
news comes as cigar use rises in the US, where the study was carried out, and cigarette smoking declines. more young people appear to be taking up cigars thanks to new flavoured ones.
at her heaviest, the 29-year-old weighed 127.5 kgs. underwent gastric sleeve surgery in may 2012 to lose 68kg.
the 73-year-old was killed alongside Giovanni Lo Porto in a drone strike in january. his family slammed the government's response to his abduction. it has now been claimed they transferred an undisclosed amount of money to his kidnappers two years before his death. after the money exchanged hands, the captors demanded the release of prominent Afghan prisoners, including the 'poster girl' for jihad Dr. Aafia Siddi
the 34-year-old model has been snapped up to front a campaign for online fashion retailer Dafiti, shot in her home country. dafiti, Latin America’s largest online fashion retailer, has launched its own fashion collection, the dafiti Collection. the mother-of-two stars in the campaign wearing sexy and sporty street-style fashion.
carpenter built the seesaw from trees behind his workshop in Temecula. it measures 45ft in length and sends its occupiers into the air at 25ft. it is made from entirely raw materials – a large trunk sits securely in between the natural split of a tree.
the reality star has long had her pick of holiday destinations. this month, she and her husband made a high-profile tour of Armenia and Israel to baptise their daughter. Paris is top of her travel-list and she has spent increasing amounts of time in the french capital with her husband.
brain scans on professional comedians reveal differences in way brains work.'super speakers' showed less activity in key area of brain involved articulating speech. this suggests they were putting less effort into basic mechanics of speech. neuroscientists have identified area of brain that is key to picking up on when someone is being sarcastic.
68-year-old stabbed 20-year-old student in the heart, lungs and liver. he was on licence for sexually assaulting a 14-year-old girl. he stormed her house to butcher her with a kitchen knife. miss Mevish, originally from Manchester, was out jogging at the time.
bill Parker, 34, of Gulfport, was mowing his lawn when a metal fence wire shot up his nose and into his head. he thought a rock hit him in the face but after going to hospital a scan revealed it was a three-and-a-half-inch metal wire. the wire dodged all of Parker's nerves and arteries. 'it threw me back a little bit and it hurt real bad,' he said.
underwater suites at the five-star atlantis, the palm resort in Dubai boast floor-to-ceiling views directly into an aquarium. the signature suites are three storeys high with a 1,776 square foot floor plan that includes a large living and dining room, an inter-connecting bedroom, a majlis/television room and a private lift. with a base price of just under £5,500 ($8,200) a night, each suite has elegant perks, including
Navinder Sarao's family's semi-detached house in west London is closer to an internet server used by one of the major financial exchanges. his thousands of high-frequency trades could be processed faster than those from dealers in central london. he was dubbed the 'Hound of Hounslow' after it emerged he lived at home with his parents, despite allegedly making £26.7million in just four years of dealing.
presenter ruled out returning to motoring show, becoming final presenter to leave. he took to twitter to announce he would not 'quit my mates'. comes as top gear's former executive producer launched attack on'meddling' bbc. yesterday, he sensationally quit the show over a 'fracas' with a producer.
the apple watch is officially going on sale today - but none of its stores will have them in stock. instead, consumers willing to shell out between $549 to $17,000 - for the gold edition - have to pre-order the watches online and wait for their arrival until June. analysts believe the company opted to launch the watch with more of a whisper than a bang.
umpires ejected a total of five players from both teams after the fight in the seventh inning of Thursday's game at Chicago's U.S. Cellular Field, Illinois. a heated exchange between Royals starter Yordano Ventura and White Sox outfielder Adam Eaton sparked the brawl. players from both dugouts and bullpens flood the field for the brawl.
experts at Consumer Reports in the us tested 342 packages of frozen shrimp. found traces of harmful bacteria, including E.coli, salmonella and vibrio. also found antibiotics and seven samples tested positive for MRSA.
Samantha Crossland pocketed parents' fees being paid to a child's day nursery. she was told she faced a custodial sentence unless the money was paid back. nursery owner Lynda Quigley confirmed that the amount stolen - £22,642 - had been paid into her bank account on from an 'S. Crossland'
the service provides a twice-daily summary 'of the best tweets for you' highlights is limited to english-language readers with the Twitter app installed on an android device.
state broadcaster RTVE has axed plans for a reality show. show would have seen celebrities pitted against each other to outrun bulls. fifteen people have died since records began in 1924.
skywest flight 5622 was flying from Chicago to Connecticut on tuesday. pilot was alerted to a potential loss of cabin pressure. three passengers lost consciousness and others felt sick and dizzy. pilot plunged plane into a terrifying dive to drop 30,000 feet in eight minutes. investigation has found nothing unusual about the plane's mechanics.
conrad Clitheroe, 54, and ex-pat friend Neil Munro, 45, were arrested. they were arrested for writing down aircraft registration numbers in Dubai. despite being told they would not be detained, they were put in jail. their wife Valerie had written to prime minister to ask him to intervene. she raised concerns about her husband's health due to high blood pressure.
imran Uddin, 25, bought keyboard spying equipment on the internet. he then connected to a number of university computers. he was able to find out passwords that staff were typing in to log in. he then used those passwords to log on to their accounts himself. after hacking into university computer system, he changed marks.
Brian and Amanda Bayers were preparing to take their son back to day-care on February 13 when he went outside to warm up his truck and drive it closer to the house. he thought his son was playing inside but when he got out of his truck he noticed that the back door of his house was wide open. after going back inside his house to find he son missing, he made the horrifying realization that he backed over Jackson with his truck. when the front wheels back around, he
australian researchers have tested their drone running companion. Called Joggobot it is designed to float in front of jogger when they run. the technology could allow it to track the speed and direction of the runner. and it could be used for other sports like cycling and rowing.
Aussie the dog saved his owners from being electrocuted in a puddle. the family were walking near their home at Caves beach, near Lake Macquarie. the wild weather had caused a power line to fall down into one of the puddles. five-month-old Aussie was electrocuted and died instantly. his grandmother said the kids were traumatised after seeing their dog die.
Morgan Geyser, 12, and her friend anissa weier, 13, are being tried as adults for attempted first-degree intentional homicide in the attack on payton leutner, who survived 19 stab wounds in may 2014. geyser's attorney, Anthony Cotton, applied to have her $500,000 bail reduced so that she could get out of jail and seek treatment for schizophrenia and other psychotic disorders. the judge said Geyser was a flight risk, and even though she is young
research by asda found rump, fillet and T-bone are most popular cuts of meat. but when we cook at home the majority of us rely on burgers or mince. one in four youngsters think pocket and Y-bone are cuts of beef.
the N-222 road from peso de regua to pinhao in Portugal has been awarded the prestigious honour. the road has been named the best in the world for its location, cutting through the heart of the stunning Douro Valley. it is a frequent source of inspiration for poets Wordsworth and Coleridge.
villagers tie themselves upside down onto a wooden pole that hand hangs just feet above a raging fire. seconds later they throw themselves into the flames. locals believe the unusual practice helps protect the village from drought and disease. annual fire festival lasts for 11 days and sees dozens of participants dangle over the flames.
pictures show Veronica bolina lying partially naked on the floor in front of a group of officers and other prisoners in the capital Sao Paulo. the 25-year-old had previously been arrested over an alleged attack on her 73-year-old neighbour. but an investigation is now underway amid reports she was set upon by officers on three different occasions after being taken into custody.
'nickel rides' have caused spinal injuries in the past. 'paddy wagons' have a name: 'nickel rides,' referring to cheap amusement park thrills. police department rules updated nine days before gray's arrest clearly state that all detainees shall be strapped in by seat belts or other device for their own safety after arrest.
Thomas Hoey Jr., 43, was sentenced to 12.5 years in prison for refusing to help, Kimberly Calo, 41, who died from a lethal mix of cocaine and alcohol in 2009. the banana importing businessman inherited a lucrative banana business from his father and grandfather. he stopped the other woman in the hotel room, Nicole Zobkiw, from 911, and also prevented hotel security coming into the room as she died. he also stopped hotel security coming into the room as
memo from an internal police inquiry surfaced earlier this week. it revealed colleagues expressed concerns about Robert Bates, 73, when he arrived at the Tulsa sheriff's office. documents suggested the department also violated training policies. he has been charged with second-degree manslaughter in relation to the death of Eric Harris during a botched sting on April 2.
twenty strangers joined forces to help rescue a dog from a tar pit near the shoreline of the Great Salt lake. owner Tom George had to drive an hour out to the nearest town to leave his dog Shelby stuck in a pool by the Great Salt lake's Spiral Jetty. but a family was willing to stay with Shelby - and only more and more strangers followed as they heard his story.
the duchess of cambridge's uncle took to twitter after his dog was run over. chihuahua Cheech was run over by'speeding' cyclist in central london park. flamboyant millionaire businessman was once caught up in tabloid sting. he was alleged to have offered a reporter drugs and prostitutes.
Aaron Bee was wanted by police over an alleged domestic violence and assault. the 22-year-old went on the run for two weeks and taunted officers with selfies. he was eventually arrested in a cafe and jailed for eight months yesterday. after spending less than five months behind bars he has been released.
10 war widows have travelled to gallipoli for anzac day on the gallipoli peninsular. among them is the widow of Private Arthur Herbert Pockett, who fought with australian forces on the western front during the first world war. 'he said "i'm sure you've got a heart murmur". I said what a load of garbage,' she said.
Nicholas Salvador, 25, is accused of killing Palmira Silva, 82, with a machete. she was found dead in a garden in nightingale road, north London. he also pleaded not guilty to a separate assault charge, giving the same reason.
mohamad Saeed Kodaimati, 24, a naturalized american citizen, faces two counts of making false statements involving international terrorism matters. he is accused of making false statements during interviews with the FBI and other US authorities at the US Embassy in ankara, turkey, in march. the criminal complaint said he falsely claimed he had not been involved in any fighting, had never fired his weapon at anyone and did not know any Islamic State members. he also said he had never told anyone
a bugle sounded a haunting dawn chorus to mark the moment. Allied troops landed at a point where Asia meets Europe, Anzac Cove, to begin the disastrous Dardanelles Campaign. a patchwork of monuments and memorial stones linked by country lanes, mountain tracks and undulating greenery. visitors from the UK, Australia, New Zealand, India and France have gathered to honour the fallen.
911 caller said he was 'going to blow up' the landmark on friday. police sniffer dogs seized a locker on the island, which they thought contained something suspicious. official all-clear was given around 4:30pm, by which time the park's 4pm closing time had passed. tourists were not allowed back because the island was almost closed for the day.
the neglected cat from Sea Isle City in new jersey was handed over to the rescue agency S.O.S Sea Isle Cats by a family facing a foreclosure on their home. luckily for Sprinkles who is too fat to even groom herself, she is being cared for by pet rescue volunteer Stacy Jones Olandt. Sprinkles is a four-year-old spotted black and white cat who won the affection of the women working at S.O.S.
voters have suggested landmarks across the city to fill the more expensive slots. but no one has come forward with ideas for which streets should fill the brown sections. high-end game zones have been easily filled with locations like the cathedral, Exeter castle, the Guildhall and modern shopping centre.
Mary Todd Lowrance, 49, a teacher at Moises E Molina high school, was arrested after being accused of having an improper relationship with a male student over the age of 17. the teacher turned herself into police on Thursday morning and was released at 4.40pm, according to county records. if the student had been a juvenile, the case would have been handled by the Dallas police department.
the service records belonging to two of Joel Edgerton's great grand-uncles, Simon Phillip Comerford and Laurence William Comerford, both served in the same unit as transport drivers in gallipoli in 1915. the records belong to relatives of the Great Gatsby star are among the 12 million WWI historical documents available in australia.
Barry Lyttle, 33, has been given a 13-month suspended jail sentence. he pleaded guilty earlier this month to recklessly causing gbh. he left his brother Patrick fighting for life in an alleged one-punch attack. on friday, he had his arm around his brother, who was crying.
Mary Cartwright was 20 when she was called up to work in the lab at Drakelow Shadow Factory in Kidderminster, Worcestershire, in 1943. she spent two years testing metal for Bristol aircraft engines in the site's underground laboratory. now 91, the great-grandmother has revisited the now defunct factory where more than 700 people worked during the war.
teen suicide bomber named as Abu Hafs al-Badri is alleged cousin of al-Baghdadi. al-Badri is said to be one of the cousins of the extremist group's self-styled caliph. al-Shami and al-Iraqi carried out joint suicide missions in ISIS's latest offensive.
surveillance video shows a car driving directly in front of an oncoming train. all of a sudden a white sedan veers left into its path in south st. augustine. the car is then rapidly rammed back until the train eventually reaches a standstill. the 50-year-old driver of the car was trapped for about 15 minutes as firefighters fought to dismantle the wreckage.
ariana Mason, 21, filed a civil rights lawsuit against officer Shawn Izzo. she claims she was also choked by the man when he put her in a'stranglehold' two of her teeth were also broken, she says.
Khalid Rashad, 61, appeared at camberwell magistrates' court charged with possession of an explosive substance for an unlawful purpose. also charged with possession of ammunition for a firearm without a certificate. cleric's body was found in his parked car in wembley, north west, on april 7.
'well cared-for and loved' baby found lying face down and unresponsive. mother had taken him to bed with her at family home in westwales. but the next morning he was 'lying face down and unresponsive', inquest heard. coroner in pembrokeshire said new parents given 'confusing' advice.
the last time a Class-C volcano erupted was in the 1780s, and it proved fatal for half of the people living on the island. over fifty years later, the inhabitants who had escaped the island returned, and now there are 200 brave villagers living there. from villages under boulders in Portugal, to floating villages in Peru, these dwellings are hidden away from the rest of the world.
a pair of white lights were spotted floating perilously close to the eruption. tens of thousands of people have speculated on what the lights could be. one YouTube user, perkoff, believed it was time travelers.
Kevin Bowes, 53, lost several teeth and had nine 'avoidable' dental procedures at the hands of his former dentist. the semi-retired teacher said his life had been changed forever. he will need years of remedial treatment to fix extensive decay.
one of the victims suffered critical head trauma as the stage fell half-way through a song during a sold-out showing of american pie at westfield high school. the tragedy occurred just as dozens walked on stage for the finale.
Sharista Giles of sweetwater, tennessee, went into a four-month coma in december after a car accident. her injuries were so bad doctors believed she would never recover. in January doctors were forced to deliver the baby early, a boy the family has named Leighton Isiah Giles. though she is still nonverbal, she talks to her daughter every day.
the money is needed to pay for staff, branding materials and PR advice. critics accuse the network of taking money which could be better spent. number of Trussell trust foodbanks has risen eight-fold in five years.
presenter left out the letter 'c' when he wrote the word on a whiteboard. he later described the gaffe as 'one of those things'
the spacecraft captured a shot of Curiosity near the base of Mount Sharp in Gale Crater. but the rover’s tracks are not visible - possibly because they have been swept away by the martian weather. the image was taken using the high-resolution imaging science experiment (HiRise) camera on the martian satellite. it took around seven minutes to land on the red planet.
former royal marine beat his girlfriend and banned her from wearing make-up. he also forced her to hand over passwords of her e-mail and social media accounts. the 30-year-old installed a tracker app on her smartphone and brutally attacked her. his violence and the stress of his controlling behaviour led her to have two miscarriages.
an urgent headcount has taken place at a Thai temple that's home to 147 tigers in the care of monks. a vet complained to authorities that three tigers had recently disappeared from the sanctuary, sparking fears they may have been sold on. the temple has been keeping the animals without the proper paperwork and have vowed to seize them.
Kay Bennett, 33, from Swindon, says she can't get a job because of tattoos. she has applied for 40 jobs but has had no success because of 18 tattoos. she says she wants a well-wisher to pay for laser removal.
psychiatrist testified on friday during court hearings in Washington, D.C., that will ultimately determine whether and under which conditions John Hinckley Jr. will be allowed to live full time outside a mental hospital. he said he should be allowed to start a band but not perform publicly. one of Hinckley's interests is music, and he sings and plays the guitar.
the Washington couple's three-year-old complained of someone talking to him at night. one night they heard a strange man's voice come over the monitor to tell their son: 'wake up little boy, daddy's looking for you'. technology experts have warned that it is becoming easier for hackers to infiltrate family's baby monitors as many of the newer devices connect to the internet.
hermann goering cheated the hangman at Nuremberg by committing suicide. he was deputy to Hitler and the regime's greatest art thief. his daughter has always refused to criticise him for his role in the extermination of Jews.
teacher said panzers should invade again to'subdue unruly pupils' 'he was a good man who built motorways and liked music,' she is alleged to have said. she has since been suspended from the auguste Remoir college in Limoges.
asda manager orchestrated scam to steal £15,000 of goods from store. stock including alcohol, cigarettes, DVDs, games and consoles were taken. but after being sacked, gridley managed to land a managerial role at lidl.
a council scheme to sell neighbouring homes for £1 has turned the street into a 'ghetto' the couple, who raised their four children in their home, became mortgage free 15 years ago. but eight years ago, the street became part of a regeneration scheme. the council bought properties and boarded them up ready for demolition. estate agents say the couple would struggle to sell their home for £1.
opera singer Liu Guijuan posted pictures of her headdress on weibo. rare accessory is made from feathers of 80 kingfishers, according to a web user. 'it is made with the feathers from under the wings of 80 kingfishers,' she said.
the 17-year-old driver lost control of her car on the central coast of nsw. she collided with a wheelie bin and crashed head-on into a brick wall. a 17-year-old female passenger suffered multiple fractures to her limbs, ribs and serious injuries to her abdomen. a young woman was taken away on a stretcher by paramedics in a neck brace.
the ex-partner of disgraced politician Billy Gordon has opened up about the years of abuse she suffered. she and her children were essentially held hostage and forced to live in fear. the violence began when she fell pregnant with their daughter and only escalated after their second child was born. he resigned from the labour party but refused to resign from parliament.
reverend creflo Dollar, 53, launched appeal for 200,000 people to donate '$300 or more' to buy a $65million private jet with worshippers' donations. televangelist, known to own two Rolls Royces and multi-million dollar homes, came under heavy criticism for the appeal but has insisted he needs the plane for preaching work.
Brooke Shedd, 26, and Jane Shalakhova, 25, say they do not'share' Adam but are in a 'unique' situation where they both love him. the trio appeared on today's this morning to explain their open relationship to presenters Eamonn Holmes and Ruth Langsford.
sugar pine mine near Medford, oregon, served with stop-work order. owners summoned armed guards from the conservative Oath Keepers activist network ahead of major protest outside local offices of the bureau of land management.
the large Android shape covers a mountainous region near the city of Shahpur. it is not an official Google feature and the image is believed to have been added using Google's Map Maker, although this hasn't been confirmed. it appears on both the desktop and mobile versions of maps but disappears in satellite view.
both the duke and duchess of cambridge have been out shopping this week. on her last day of royal engagements just weeks ago, the duchess recycled a bright pink coat by British brand Mulberry. the autumn/winter 2014 collection topper is now all sold out.
lawyer's for killer of 13-year-old will file application to have chief justice disqualified from hearing his appeal. chief justice cited a potential bias in the case. cowan received a life sentence for murdering, indecently dealing and dumping the teenager's body in 2003.
the two-bedroom apartment is inside a 1920's building on Spaulding Avenue in L.A.'s Fairfax district. cobain and his wife lived in the home during the height of Nirvana's musical influence 91-92.
ringside tickets for the upcoming fight between Floyd Mayweather and Manny Pacquiao are fetching upwards of $130,000 online. due to the high Pay-per-view price of the fight ($89.99 - $99.99), thousands of fans might try to watch the bout for free via an app like periscope or Meerkat. showtime and HBO could miss out on millions as viewers illegally stream the content between their devices without paying.
social media users were quick to condemn the crude 'commemorative issue'. the department of veteran affairs said the word 'anzac' is protected by federal legislation since 1920. it is not authorised to be used for commercial purposes without express permission from the Minister for Veterans' Affairs. the issue included a 10-page feature with a list of '100 things every Aussie should know about gallipoli'.
the 18-year-old wore a vest filled with paper-tube props made to look like explosives. he stood on the cafeteria stage and held a sign inviting his would-be date to the prom. 'i kno it's A little late, but I'm kinda...THE BOMB! Rilea, Will U Be My Date To Prom?' the sign read.
the actress briefed the security council in her role as special envoy for the united nations on refugee issues. when asked about her planned briefing, Syria's U.N. Ambassador Bashar Ja'afari responded: 'She is beautiful' about 440,000 people are besieged in Syria's civil war, now in its fifth year. of those, 167,500 are trapped by government forces, 228,000 by Islamic State militants and the rest by other armed groups.
andre Gignac says he made the'stunning discovery' in a photograph released by Nasa and taken by the mars rover Opportunity. he says he became suspicious about a 'dark spot' on the rim of the Endeavour crater he had found in the original image, and so took a closer look. he claims that the 'bunker' 'could also be a corridor leading to a bigger bunker'.
'i am proud of you. I'm going to miss you. I am going to miss this building. I am going to miss this institution. more than anything, I am going to miss you all,' he told the crowd. 'i am proud of you. I'm going to miss you. I am going to miss this institution. more than anything, I am going to miss you all,' he said. the event also included a tribute video prepared for the occasion that featured members of Congress, former
Remmie, 18, had a thick bar put through her ear as an act of teenage rebellion. but when the piercing became inflamed, her ear became inflamed and she had to remove the bar. the resulting wound healed into a hazelnut-sized lump known as a keloid scar.
Shabana Bibi, 25, from the muzaffargarh district of the country, died in hospital on Saturday after suffering burns to 80 per cent of her body. police have arrested her husband Muhammad Siddique and father-in-law Pir Bakhsh. her brother, Muhammad Azam, said Siddique became enraged on learning his wife had visited her sister without first asking him if she could go out.
police in Bossier Parish, Louisiana, found a teenage girl stabbed nine times in the back and chest in the woods outside Shreveport in 1981. the teen's remains have been identified after 34 years. a facebook post and a Craigslist ad helped solve the case.
the toddler suffered horrific facial injuries after the dog clamped its jaws around her head. she was playing in the garden when her family heard screams and ran to find their eight-year-old dog 'gripping' the three-year-old by her head. the dog was taken to a nearby vet and the family gave permission for their pet to be destroyed.
alyssa Marie Chang, 56, was furious with the mother of little Ronnie Tran because she thought that the woman had been circulating doctored photos of their mutual lover. on April 14, she showed up at the home of her love rival outside Seattle with a Taser. she told the rival and take her son Ronnie and come with her. when the woman refused, Chang allegedly shocked the woman with the Taser. she then allegedly kidnapped the woman and Ro
summit agreed to lay groundwork for military action against traffickers. within days, warships and rescue patrols expected to be sent to region. italian prime minister called measures 'a giant step forward' but Malta's prime minister said assets would 'never be enough'
Ciudad Real airport was built in 2009 at a cost of more €1billion. it was closed three years later when its parent company fell into financial difficulties. judge in charge of its administration at the time ruled that it should be sold. but there have been no takers and there is now no minimum asking price.
the alleged victim in the case, 19-year-old Austin Essig, took to the police's Facebook page to describe the strange 'trip' he experienced after eating the brownie. his mother, Julieane Jablonski, 38, was booked on suspicion of providing marijuana to a minor and witness tampering.
Connor Sullivan, 17, of Cupertino, California, went missing on monday morning. he returned home on his own on tuesday night and was using the water fountains and porta potty on campus. he reportedly survived by eating from the fruit trees at Monta Vista high school, which grow pineapple guavas and pear-like quinces. his parents said that the disappearance was completely out of character.
health bloggers and celebrities sing praises for the power of superfoods. scientists publish countless studies into their health benefits. acai berries linked to weight loss and cancer prevention. flax seeds thought to help lower blood pressure and reduce risk of heart disease.
genetic analysis of two woolly mammoth remains shows that their population became so small that they had become chronically inbred. researchers have concluded that the creatures clung on in just a tiny pocket of the Arctic, on an island that appears to have become cut off from the mainland. study has also raised the prospect of bringing the giant mammal back to life using cloning techniques with modern elephants.
Vivienne garton's west Highland terrier was snatched from her garden in bristol. she put posters up near her home but soon received a call threatening to cut him up unless she paid £500. the caller gave the address of an empty house and a phone number. she handed the number to police, who are now investigating.
most of the compensation consisted of stock valued at $100 million. it was the largest stock package that Schmidt has received since 2011 when google awarded him a bundle valued at $94 million.
australian presenter and model Nicky Buckley bucked preconceived notions of women in television and continued to work to support family. in her newly-released memoir, 'Nicky Buckley: A Memoir', she reveals how the criticism became 'barrage of abuse' 'i was told I jammed fax machines at Channel 9 and newspapers - with faxes coming in from people commenting negatively,' she says.
property developer smirked as he walked free from court yesterday. he was given a six-month suspended sentence for common assault and perjury.
temperatures are set to plunge by around 10c in the north of the uk. plunge means it will be colder than Moscow, Stockholm and Finland. forecasters say it will be 'increasingly unsettled and colder'.
the seven-row dairy milk Spectacular will contain one row each of: Dairy Milk Caramel, Dairy Milk Fruit & Nut, Dairy Milk Whole Nut, Dairy Milk Oreo, Dairy Milk Daim, and Dairy Milk Turkish.
18-year-old laNia Roberts recently gave a speech at the university on learning to love one's self unconditionally.
the $45.2billion deal would have merged Comcast's 30million customers with Time Warner Cable's 11million. the new company would have spun off or sold 3.9million customers. 'today, we move on. of course, we would have liked to bring our great products to new cities, but we structured this deal so that if the government didn’t agree, we could walk away,' Comcast CEO Brian Roberts said in a statement.
Vonda Thedford, 55, believes she has secured photographic evidence of the legendary blood sucking beast, el chupacabra. she was driving along a rural road earlier this month when she spotted the mysterious carcass lying on the ground. when she stopped to look at the dead creature, she was disturbed to see it had 'a little truck' in place of a nose, 'little toes' and 'hair on its tail'
graeme finlay, 53, cleared of unlawful wounding and inflicting gbh. retired engineer Ron Phillips, 70, and his wife June, 69, were knocked unconscious. he said: 'it's been hell. it's put me off boats forever'
Bradley Parkes, 16, was found hanging in the woods with a suicide note. his mother Tiffany, 35, shared a picture of her son in hospital. she said he had been tormented for months by a gang of teenagers. she described how her son had been robbed at knifepoint several times.
beach hut on Mudeford Spit in Christchurch, Dorset, has gone on the market for £230,000. it is the same price as a five-bedroom house in Herefordshire and more than a detached four-bedroom house in Kingswood, Hull. owners will have to shell out between £2,500 and £4,000 a year in ground rent to Christchurch Borough Council for use of the hut. hut 39 commands spectacular views across the Solent, but the vista is currently blighted by a rubbish
britons down an average of 70 million cups of coffee per day. pret has given staff the power to hand out a free coffee on the house. chief executive:'staff have to give away a certain number of hot drinks and food'.
20 mastiffs were found crammed into cages on their way to slaughterhouse. mastiffs were traditionally used in Tibet to herd other animals. now they are so unpopular in china they are being sold to slaughterhouses.
scientists have finally been able to record one of these eruptions as it happens to discover the sound it makes. Rather than the explosive roar emitted by their cousins on land, underwater volcanoes give off a muted thrum instead. research could allow scientists to monitor undersea volcanoes far more effectively than they have before.
Sawyer sweeten, 19, shot himself in the head while visiting family in texas. his manager, Dino May, said there were no signs of trouble prior to his death. he said: 'there was no depression, no signs or anything. he was a good kid' appeared in 139 episodes of the popular american sitcom and also took small parts in television shows Even Stevens and Frank McKlusky C.I.
deShawn Isabelle punched the 41-year-old woman in the head from behind and then dragged her to the ground by pulling on her hair. he then continued to punch her in the head and face as she crouched in the fetal position. he also stole $2,000 in cash that the woman was going to wire back to her family in Thailand and spent it on junk food, Air Jordan track suits and his graduation fees.
one of the boys was 16 and two were 17 when they were having sex with Davis High School English teacher Brianne Altice, 35. one boy testified that he considered her to be his girlfriend during their yearlong tryst. but the boys were all minors, and Utah law also says a person cannot consent to sex if the other person is in a position of special trust. Altice pleaded guilty to three counts of forcible sexual abuse in exchange for prosecutors dropping 11
the human Powered vehicle (HPV) will be powered by paracyclist Liz McTernan. it will need to travel in excess of 21.39 miles per hour (34.42 km/h) over a 656ft (200-metre) stretch of tarmac. the current benchmark is held by Tracy Miller who broke the record on 13 may 1995 on a bike called Chairiot.
rambling manifesto revealed details of his chilling plan to 'Knock. Talk. Enter. Kill. Exit. Murder', a prosecutor has said. severance, 54, was in court for a hearing on Thursday in Alexandria, Virginia. he has been charged with the murders of Nancy dunning, Ron Kirby and Ruthanne lodato.
sgt Louise Lucas, 41, was off-duty and on shopping trip with daughter, 8, in wales. she was hit by bus as they tried to cross busy road in city centre on march 31. mother-of-three was rushed to hospital but later died of her injuries. more than a hundred mourners lined the streets in a guard of honour at funeral. husband, 36, paid tribute to her saying: 'did I ever tell you, you are my hero'
Kim Pappas, 25, gave birth in her office toilet before returning to her desk with the baby wrapped in a plastic bag and putting it in her desk drawer. nobody at the freight management company knew she was pregnant until they saw blood in the cubicle. Pappas has been charged with premeditated murder.
Brian Cassidy was picking up trash outside the store in Bangor, Maine on Thursday when he discovered the wet stack of money beneath a large piece of paper in the parking lot. he immediately contacted store security to tell them what he had found and, realizing it was a sizable sum, they then contacted the police department. the officer went to the store to take the report and learned that a man had visited the security office last winter to claim he had lost about $4,000 in the parking
a 22-year-old glamour model was found with her throat slashed in her home. six months later, a 16-year-old girl was attacked and raped in an alleyway. she was found abandoned and barely alive at an electricity sub-station. detectives have now offered a £40,000 reward in a bid to bring their killer to justice.
the tiny nipper - measuring just 5.5 inches long - was caught during a 2010 government research trip. this week scientists revealed the dinky creature is a pocket shark - a miniature variation of the more popular kinds. the young male is the second of its species ever seen.
annual'spring offensive' began today with the jihadi group claiming responsibility for 108 attacks in the opening five hours. a US air base near Kabul and military outposts in Nuristan were targeted today as the militants continue to pursue territory in north east Afghanistan. over 80 per cent of Afghanistan is currently 'controlled' by the Taliban.
little Jiaojiao only survived because rain canopies, laundry racks and wet grass broke her fall in Zheng Du City, central china. her mother, Zheng Jiayu, 31, closed the windows and doors and left the flat for 10 minutes while she bought takeaway food. when she returned, her daughter was nowhere to be seen.
one direction star was seen barefoot and sat on the edge of a sofa at the soho hotel. he was seen rolling a joint while sat next to a box filled with a suspicious substance. now, a series of newly-released snaps appear to show him in his hotel room in the early hours of thursday morning.
images of the watch's circular face were unveiled as part of an announcement about Samsung's upcoming developer scheme. it said: 'the new wearable device will be the 7th generation of Samsung Gear with a wrist watch type' Asus claims the £119.99 VivoWatch has a 10-day battery life. it goes on sale in may.
Andrew Hichens, 28, will be working with one PC and two PCSOs. he will mostly be patrolling his beat and spreading safety messages. he is trained to respond to crimes, fires and medical emergencies.
former masterchef semi-finalist Kim Woodward has been appointed head chef. follows in footsteps of a string of maître chefs who have headed the kitchen. the five-star, art deco Grill is now part of the Gordon Ramsay stable.
students from Zeta Beta Tau at both the University of Florida and Emory University in Atlanta, Georgia, have been accused of the deplorable behavior against the ex-servicemen. they were attending the Warrior Beach Retreat in Panama city on April 17. some of the attendees claim they were subjected to taunts and watched as the drunk youngsters threw beer off the balcony.
Birmingham topped league table for highest number of rat exterminations with almost 15,000 between 2013 and 2014. five per cent of residents in Newcastle reported problems with rats, cockroaches, wasps and other creepy crawlies. the most pest-free place was southend, in Essex, where 0.03 per cent of homeowners had a problem.
20-year-old from Houston, texas, had a black and white image of his young son perseus etched onto the left side of his head in July. a snapshot of the tattoo was shared on imgur earlier this week. despite his critics' negative reactions, the young father insists that he doesn't regret his decision to get the tattoo.
towie star, 23, is face of fake tan brand, sunkissed. called on younger sister Lydia, 19, to join her in latest campaign. said it was'really lovely working together' because they don't see each other often.
new findings come from experts who conducted one of the world's largest studies into the effects of hormone replacement therapy. the women's health initiative in the us and the million women study in the UK have both revealed strong evidence that HRT increases a woman's risk of breast, womb and ovarian cancers.
remote community in Aberdeenshire does not even have a shop. local streams have been well known for grains of gold of'significant size' for decades.
tornado touched down in Florida on Thursday afternoon, but did not cause any damage. thunderstorms were predicted to take place in a number of states, including in parts of south Dakota, Nebraska, Kansas, and Texas. for Saturday, the weather channel predicted severe thunderstorms would strike Nashville, Memphis, Atlanta, Tallahassee, Jacksonville, New Orleans, and Jackson. for Sunday, thunderstorms may occur in Kansas, Texas, and Oklahoma.
labour leader accused of stooping to a'shameful' new low by blaming pm. he suggested deaths could have been avoided if pm had done more. claimed crisis was 'in part a direct result' of pm's foreign policy. tories demanded that he apologise for 'outrageous and disgraceful' remarks.
1954 Bentley R-Type Continental fastback was estimated to sell for £200,000. but ended up being sold for £739,212 - a record for the auction house. more than 45 people placing bids on behalf of bidders from around the world in the room, over the phone and on the internet.
former navy SEAL will host'machine gun fun' shooting competition. guests will try out the Jackson Hole Shooting Experience, including pistols and clay pigeon shooting as well as the'machine gun fun' competition. 'i need to get a head shot so he won't have a chance to blow himself up,' he said.
police have charged Elizabeth 'Elle' Edmunds, 31, with two counts of obtaining benefits by deception. she allegedly faked having terminal cancer to raise money for medical treatment. strangers set up a facebook page and online crowd-funding account to raise money for her. but strangers set up a fake doctor's certificate stating she had terminal cancer. in february, she told a court she was put up to the act by her violent partner and did it because she feared for her
George Kirby and 91-year-old doreen Luckie from eastbourne, east Sussex, will marry after first getting together 27 years ago in 1988. between them they have had seven children, 15 grandchildren and seven great-grandchildren. they will marry for the third time on June 13 - smashing the previous world record of 188 years set by a couple in 2013.
82-year-old died in her home in greenville, south carolina, on January 2. coroner's office ruled her death was homicide by neglect. prosecutors are considering charges against her caretakers.
elephant Troublesome has been a regular visitor to the resort's splash pools for the past four years. he wanders around the deck and pool area as if he owns the joint. resort staff have tried to deter him from emptying the pools. troublesome has no problem spraying the humans with water from his trunk.
Christopher Whitmore, 36, killed his wife and son at gas station in Varnell, ga. he then turned the gun on his wife and then himself at the joint. police said the couple had a history of domestic issues and were separated.
the fast-casual chain will work with the Postmates app to begin offering delivery for online and mobile orders in 67 cities. but the restaurant plans to add a nine per cent service charge - with the delivery fees for Postmates beginning at $5 and up.
Eva Kor, 81, embraced former SS guard Oskar Groening as he stood in the dock. he is accused of complicity in the slaughter of 300,000 people at auschwitz. 'they called me a traitor. they called me a traitor,' she said.
Navinder Singh Sarao, 37, is facing extradition and is wanted by american prosecutors. he is accused of causing the 2010 'flash crash' and making more than £26m. he was bailed with a surety of £5million and will remain in custody over weekend. but an official from the magistrates' court today said it had not received the money.
infamous note left in the Treasury by a labour predecessor after 2010 defeat. it said: 'the deficit halved. Jobs up. Growth up. that's the liberal democrat record' the original note has haunted labour since it was first published in the days after coalition formed. it has become emblematic of labour's fiscal irresponsibility in office.
Xie Shisheng was just 16 years old when he was imprisoned by the mill owner. now 34, a very gaunt Xie said he was hit with a hammer, never fed properly and beaten daily.
bahar mustafa, 27, is student union welfare and diversity officer at goldsmiths. posted picture of her pretending to cry in front of 'no white men' sign. also refers to a ban on 'cis' or cisgender men, which is opposite of transgender.
concept artist Alex Brady from Cambridge has created beautiful pictures of what space travel might look like. he imagines a space station of tomorrow similar to Las Vegas, with neon lights and plenty of attractions. the images were created by 32-year-old artist who normally works on video games and movies. but for these drawings he decided to try his hand at imagining what the future of space travel might look like. a space settlement would be a large structure, comparable in size to a town or small city, built
Benjamin Mellor ripped open one of the 41 bales of cocaine after food ran out. the 35-year-old window cleaner, from Bradford, was one of three arrested. he was jailed for eight years yesterday after admitting drug trafficking.
the Marry British Royalty Spinner Charm comes in 14K gold vermeil or sterling silver and retails for $198 and $148, respectively.
Kerrie Armitage, from Leeds, suffers from aquagenic urticaria – an allergy to water. she was diagnosed two years ago after her skin erupted in agonising blisters. the 28-year-old has had to stop kissing her husband of four years, because contact with his saliva can trigger a painful flare-up.
in 15 years, digital advancements will have made the discovery, planning and booking of a journey into a seamless and intuitive experience. in the future, each of us may have an 'e-agent,' inside a watch or small piece of jewellery, that goes everywhere with us.
the resort joins picturesque places such as St Ives and Windermere in the top ten league of towns for holiday property. it is number five among the UK's holiday home hotspots behind Windermere in the Lake district and Newport in pembrokeshire. research revealed that 165,000 people in England and Wales have holiday homes.
churchill, 25, appeared as a guest star alongside Blake Lively on good morning america (GMA) on thursday. he was promoting his cook book 'Dude Food' and flirting with the blonde glam. he admitted he crushes more on husband Ryan Reynolds.
record numbers gathered at dawn services across the country to commemorate the 100th anniversary of the gallipoli landing. proud Aussies came together in huge numbers in Sydney, while more paid their respects in Queensland's regional and coastal towns of Gympie and Coolangatta. tens of thousands also assembled at Melbourne's Shrine of Remembrance, despite cold and wet conditions.
Lisa Heath, 45, was an assistant at Willowtown community primary school. she initially denied the drugs were hers, saying they had been planted on her. but she later changed her story and accepted a caution for possession. the maximum penalty for possession of amphetamines is 5 years in jail plus a fine.
labour leader has been touring the country with the prop in an attempt to make him appear more statesmanlike. he has delivered key speeches in the campaign stood behind the lectern. but it has also been deployed when he is just making brief remarks or holding question and answer events.
'Project Elysium' claims to create a 'personalised afterlife experience' with loved ones who have passed. could be step towards uploading memories and personalities into computers, allowing people to live on in virtual reality. developers have yet to reveal exactly how the technology will work.
John Elder and armin Wegner documented the unimaginable suffering they witnessed in images. they helped build a case against a Turkish government which still denies the slaughter of up to 1.5million Armenians constituted genocide. Wegner set up clandestine mail routes with foreign consulates and embassies to get hundreds of notes, annotations, documents and photographs of the deportation camps. he was arrested by the german authorities and put to serve in cholera wards in Baghdad
authorities rejected Emma Sulkowicz's claim that Paul Nungesser, a german citizen, was a'serial rapist' who assaulted her after class. but the case gathered international attention as Sulkowicz, a senior majoring in visual arts, publicly paraded her mattress in protest, calling for his indictment. Nungesser's lawsuit citing 'gender-based harassment and defamation' said a Columbia-owned website had
video features an australian doctor and an Indian physiologist urging foreign doctors to travel to Syria and help ISIS with their new health care service. the video's poster shows a doctor wearing an NHS style blue surgical scrubs which appear almost identical to images seen on the British healthcare service's leaflets. stethoscope can be seen hanging around the male doctor's neck and a microphone appears to be attached to his gown.
aspartame has been linked to a range of health problems. but research has shown it to be safe. reformulated drinks will begin appearing on shelves in august.
the discovery was made by researchers in the Atlantic forest of Serra do Japi in the State of So Paulo, Brazil. called Hylodes japi, it was found to mate underground in secret chambers. males and females typically find a spot to mate in about five minutes. and the male will cover up the eggs to protect them from predators.
former state district judge G. Todd Baugh of billings has been chosen for a lifetime achievement award by his local bar association. he sparked widespread outrage in 2013 over comments suggesting that 14-year-old Cherice Moralez shared some responsibility for her rape by a teacher. at former teacher Stacey Rambold's sentencing, Baugh said Moralez was 'as much in control of the situation' as Rambold.
the 25-year-old right hander is on the disabled list with an inflamed elbow. he will not be able to play again until at least July.
Deputy Kerry Kempink was responding to a burglar alarm call last friday. he was stopped by two black Rottweilers which were barking at him. within seconds he shot the first dog which was barking at him. he then turned his gun on the other dog which ran off. horrified owner came out and shouted at the deputy: 'they're not even vicious'
Jenna Marotta, 27, of new york, developed dermatillomania - a compulsive skin-picking disorder that left her face bleeding. as a child she would skip breakfast and lunch, then stuff her face with whatever she wanted for hours when she got home. her parents kept a stainless steel 10x magnifying mirror and an array of Tweezerman tweezers in their bathroom.
openly-gay high school junior, Anthony Martinez, reached his wits' end trying to find a suitor for his may 2 dance in Nevada. he tuned to social media and was over-joyed when his straight guy friend, Jacob Lescenski, stepped in to fill the spot. he was even more touched when his guy pal came up with an extra special promposal idea which has garnered thousands of 'Likes' and retweets online.
surveillance cameras caught the thief taking $9,000 out of the account of Kate Sullivan at Chase branches in Commack and Freeport on September 23, 2014. state police say the female suspect then racked up $4,000 in bills after opening four store credit cards in Sullivan's name in new Haven, Connecticut. Sullivan, who had lung cancer, was informed of the fraud while fighting for her life at Memorial Sloan Kettering Cancer Center in new york.
a 27-year-old man, believed to be her boyfriend, has been charged with her murder. her body was found in the boot of her blue Hyundai getz on the ACT south coast. she had been in a'very tumultuous relationship' with 27-year-old Josaia 'joey' Vosikata. she found out a month ago that he had a secret wife and children back home in fiji after he moved into
the 1986 Janner file is mentioned in an investigation into an alleged government cover up. but its contents remain a mystery and could potentially conceal the name of a second person, it is alleged. last year a review of home office files concluded it would be 'impossible' to unearth this and the other 113 missing files.
the driver sprayed champagne straight into the face of a hostess. he won the Chinese grand prix on sunday to extend his lead at the top of the formula one world championship. but a leading group has condemned his behavior as'selfish and inconsiderate' they say he should be forced to apologise for directing the bubbly into the woman's face.
driver named Ashley X after changing his surname by deed poll. caught on camera driving his car at 67mph on a 50mph section of the M11. initially ignored attempts to confirm who was driving the car before making up a series of stories to shift the blame. tried to fight the speeding charge in six different courts.
Randy and Jodi Speidel, from Bellefontaine, oh, created online fundraisers on GiveFroward.com and GoFundMe.com in late February begging for financial help. they had been living without gas all winter, had no running water and were close to having their electricity and Internet service shut off. the impoverished couple were forced to limit their food intake to a single meal a day and did not have enough scraps to feed their two cats.
a female commuter is groped while on the tube by an increasingly persistent male. the man looks her up and down, gets on to the same train carriage and then gropes her. every time the man steps up his creepy efforts, the narrator asks: 'would you report it?' according to TLC, one in ten people have experienced unwanted sexual behaviour on public transport.
bianca gascoigne, 28, was mugged by a gang of eight on bikes in central london. the former model was talking on her mobile while walking in Marylebone. the thieves are thought to have grabbed her phone and then attempted to snatch her bag, but ran away when she fought them off. the theft reportedly left her in tears and she is said to have been left devastated given the nature of the texts stored on her phone.
'i understand how people south of the border think, "Oh my goodness how will it work?"' she also suggested that David Cameron had been 'not unhelpful' to the party.
'terrible' back and shoulder pain forced him to cut working day to 14 hours. he said he was not 'firing on all cylinders' during early weeks of campaign. but the 51-year-old insists he is now 'back on form' and is not unwell.
Karen Buckley, 24, died of head and neck injuries, according to death certificate. her remains were uncovered at high Craigton farm, near milngavie. former private schoolboy Alexander Pacteau, 21, appeared at court today. he was charged with murder and attempting to defeat ends of justice.
ariana miyamoto, 20, was born and raised in japan and speaks fluent Japanese. she was chosen to represent her country in the miss Universe pageant. but critics have complained she is a mixed race 'hafu' and not Japanese enough.
James Webster targeted female shoppers at the store in maidenhead, berkshire. the 35-year-old was caught after attracting the attention of a fellow shopper. security guards discovered he cut a hole in the bag through which he placed the lens of a camera so he could carry out his covert filming. he admitted outraging public decency at a previous hearing and was warned that he could face prison. but he walked free from court
cops began following the wild animal after it was spotted scurrying through Battery Park City at 6am on saturday. they trailed it on foot and in patrol cars as it ran across roads and dipped between cars. for two hours it evaded capture, with one witness describing hows cops were chasing it 'like a suspect' they then cornered it at Merchants River House on south end avenue and shot it with a tranquilizer dart. it
he plans another heady mix of romance, class struggle and social snobbery. this time based on the work of one of Britain's greatest novelists. Lord Fellowes, 65, has revealed he is to turn his 1858 novel into a new drama.
male headmaster of nonsuch high school for girls dismissed two weeks ago. he sent informal emails to sixth-form pupil, including during holidays. school rules strictly forbid teachers sending messages to pupils from private email accounts.
the 'chair of death' is said to contain the trapped souls of a slave master. a 'conjure chest' is said to have caused the death of 17 people close to a slave. the $65,000 walking stick is now housed in antigua's golden palace casino.
photographer and dancer Shoccara Marcus returned to her childhood home after her father was diagnosed with cancer in 2011. in a project about the complexity of family dynamics, she expresses her feelings of isolation as she copes with her family remembering her as the child she used to be.
the island is just four hours from the uk, making it one of the most easily reached locations for guaranteed winter sun. the Alfredo Kraus Auditorium (named after the canarian tenor) was built in the 1990s as a ‘theatre of the ocean’, set on a pedestal of volcanic stone.
Alison Saunders, 54, sparked outrage last week when she ruled that the 86-year-old should not face a string of charges of paedophilia against nine children because he has dementia. newly-released documents reveal damning evidence that abuse was covered up by police and social workers for more than 20 years. she secured her pupillage – a barrister’s training contract – at 1 Garden Court Chambers in 1983.
one-eyed police killer has reportedly been sent to the same psychiatric hospital as moors murderer Ian Brady. the 31-year-old has reportedly been transferred from HMP Manchester, formerly Strangeways, to Ashworth Hospital, a high-security psychiatric unit in Maghull, Merseyside. cregan was jailed for life after shooting police officers Fiona Bone and Nicola Hughes in 2012. he was said to have started refusing
may Pat Christie, 51, a managing director at angelo Gordon & co, quit her $475,000-a-year job this week, a family spokesman confirmed. the official reason for the resignation was 'to spend more time with her family and young children' but many will see the move as a sign that new jersey governor governor, 52, is coming closer to running for president.
labour candidate was appearing at a public 'hustings' in the constituency. he objected to mention of his luxurious four-bedroom home by a rival. loveday Jenkin is standing for the cornish party mebyon Kernow. she claims he turned to her and said: 'if you pick on me again i will destroy you'
the actor was asked what he thought of director's claim that superhero movies were 'cultural genocide' he said: 'look I respect the heck out of him. i think for a man whose native tongue is Spanish to be able to put together a phrase like 'cultural genocide' comes just three days after the 50-year-old walked out of an interview with channel 4 after talking about his history of drug abuse.
the actor and his human rights lawyer wife are understood to have invited friends to their lake-como mansion. the party is a belated celebration of Mrs Clooney's 37th birthday in February, according to a source.
packages containing heroin and cannabis were cleared from the roof of HMP Altcourse in Liverpool. the hydraulic crane also recovered so-called 'legal highs' as well as 22 phones, three Sim cards and six chargers.
a man identified as Walter Witt on YouTube was casually filming a serene forest with gentle waterfalls a short distance away from the foot of the 6,500-foot-high Calbuco volcano. since being posted online the video has over 72,000 views. neither scientists nor government officials predicted the eruption.
AP McCoy has been champion jump jockey for the past 20 years. he finished third in his 17,630th race in front of 18,000 race fans. the 40-year-old was joined on stage by his wife Chanelle and children Archie and Eve.
south american artist poured food dye into the Strokkur geysir in Iceland. when they boiled, vibrant pink steam blew up from the ground as a result. he was jailed for two weeks after landowners lambasted his efforts as 'vandalism'
business secretary wants a substantial role in government. he wants to replace 'nasty and vicious stuff' from the conservatives. cable once was a labour politician, albeit a councillor, in the 1970s.
Kevin Coulton, 16, sucked his mouth in a glass to achieve a fuller pout. but the schoolboy was left with bruising around his lips and chin. he is warning classmates to avoid the craze sparked by beauty-conscious youths. 'it hurts and the bruising takes ages to go down,' he said.
former Blair ally Charles Dunstone is now backing the conservatives in the election. he signed a letter backing the labour party in the 2005 election. five years ago the world was facing catastrophic economic problems. the recovery of the UK has been extraordinary.
panel will focus on thousands of 'adjustments' made to temperature records. will also examine 'extrapolations' when records include virtual figures. in some areas, such as the Arctic, these may be hundreds of miles away.
last week the company that owns Claridge's, the Connaught and the Berkeley Hotel snapped up a majority stake in the company. the Gulf state's rulers boast a property portfolio worth an estimated £740 million, and have spent £11.6 billion collecting trophy assets in the uk.
broadcaster died at a hospice near his hometown of Shrewsbury yesterday. heartbroken colleagues paid tribute to the 'perfect colleague' and 'consummate professional'. one direction star Niall Horan led tributes to the'super great guy and great commentator'.
the 47-year-old comedian and travel writer made a splash in the round-the-world Volvo Ocean Race in brazil. he joined other international celebrities onboard boats in the six-strong fleet for the start of the sixth leg, from itaja to Newport, rhode island. the comedian climbed the 30-metre (100-foot) mast of the racing boat for a special selfie before it set out to sea.
two-up is legal on ANZAC Day across Returned Servicemen League clubs and pubs. the game dates back to australia's goldfields and the first recorded games are believed to have taken place in the late 1790s. thousands of men and women took their chances with the coin game as they commemorated the centenary of the landing at gallipoli.
after surgery, cancer cells are sent to a lab where they are screened. women can be told within days whether they have a high or low risk of disease returning. for some women, the test can accurately tell if the risk is as low as five per cent.
the disgraced reporter was behind the mic covering the NHL Stanley Cup playoff game between the new york islanders and the washington capitals. she was suspended for a week after a video emerged showing her unleashing a vicious verbal attack on a single mother-of-three at a towing firm. 'back to work. Excited to be covering caps-isles today. now that the suspension is over, I want to say again that i'm so sorry for my recent hurtful actions
comedienne Jenny Eclair travelled with her other half on a painting in Venus break. a trip to Venice provided inspiration for budding artists and cooks.
the 46-year-old singer has filed for guardianship over daughter's estate according to a report by NBC affiliate 11Alive. news comes just days after the 22-year-old's loved ones were split over whether she had awoken from her coma as her father had claimed.
rogue european eagle owl has terrorised the town of Noordeinde for months. the 6lbs creature spent around one minute perched on the blonde-haired woman. locals have been advised to arm themselves with umbrellas against the bird.
patients' lives are at risk from blood poisoning because hospitals are not implementing a standard treatment that can double their chances of survival. a snapshot NHS study reveals 90 per cent of patients failed to get the correct treatment on a surgical ward at a leading teaching hospital. after high-profile campaigns in 2013 which exposed the shocking death rates, the method was officially recommended by NHS England.
the mull-cloth nappies are not cheap and have yet to catch on in the uk. but they are all the rage in Europe and are very popular in Switzerland. shoppers in Geneva have reported seeing pippa buying them in a shop.
pages are said to be advertising'reliable' and 'comfortable' travel to Europe. they are said to be advertising 'comfortable' travel on overcrowded vessels. discovery comes after the deaths of some 1,700 refugees in the last week.
'the mom was beside herself with grief. she yelled at the president, wanting to know why it was her child and not his who lay in that hospital bed,' she wrote in her new book and the good news is: lessons and advice from the bright side. she said the president had been in no hurry to leave the soldier's room as the mother screamed at him.
Elizabeth Elena Laguna Salgado, 26, from Chiapas, Mexico, was last seen leaving a language school in provo, utah, on april 16. her cellphone has been turned off and there has been no activity on her credit cards or any other sign of where she is. her uncle, Rosemberg Salgado, from California, tearfully begged for help from anyone with information on her whereabouts. 'if you are watching this, please know that we
three eight-week-old Labradors were found inside of a sealed cardboard box labeled'stuff animals' on April 18. the dogs were covered in urine and suffering from heat exhaustion. the animals have been named Greta Garbo, Bette Davis and Marilyn Monroe, and have been flourishing since they began treatment.
at his heaviest he tipped the scales at 70st but has lost 46st in five years. he managed to shed a staggering 46st after gastric bypass surgery in 2010. the 54-year-old wanted the surgery done for free but it failed. health service bosses said he needed to prove he could keep the weight off. now preparing to undergo an operation in the u.s. after plastic surgeon offered to carry out the procedure free of charge
the image is believed to come from a firebrand american religious group called 'the Disciples of the New Dawn' in the u.s. it has been circulating on mother's groups in australia. a drive to reduce the rates of C-sections is forcing obstetricians to 'act against their own better professional judgment'
a 73-year-old former soldier has been charged over the death of a man with learning difficulties in northern ireland more than 40 years ago. he appeared at Omagh Magistrates Court in co. Tyrone today and was released on bail.
in the early 1970s, Sir Richard Branson converted the chapel into a home. he had a recording studio in an old manor house a few miles away. other artists using The Old Chapel included sandy Denny and the bonzo dog doo-dah band.
the Zeta Beta Tau fraternity was suspended and charged with obscene behavior, public intoxication, theft, causing physical or other harm, and damage to property. 'they actually spat on me and my service dog as well, and that's just so disrespectful and it hurts,' said wounded veteran Nicholas connole. the students were staying at the Warrior Beach Retreat in Panama City for their spring formal.
father-of-two, 48, was working in a house in Cardiff when his jacket sleeve got caught in the blade and his hand was severed at the wrist. he put in in his sleeve 'to hold everything together' and was taken to hospital. surgeons operated on him for more than seven hours earlier this month.
the labour leader has hired a guru who can help him find his 'inner voice' the firm claims to help politicians build 'leadership skills' using 'neuroscience' and 'business psychology' the firm uses some american spellings despite being based in the uk.
Judith Chalmers and her husband travelled to macau to discover the city. the city is home to 26 casinos, including the largest in the world, the Venetian. it was run by Portugal until 1999 when it became a special Administrative Region of China.
murderer absconded from a bail hostel in Hull after being released. 53-year-old was jailed in 1998 for the murder of 43-year-old Maureen Comfort. he was apprehended in the street in waterloo, south london, on friday.
the 90-year-old grandmother thought she hit it big in 2011 when, after putting a penny in the 'Miss Kitty' game at the Isle Hotel Casino in Waterloo, Iowa, the screen announced she had won a bonus award of $41,797,550.16. but on friday the Iowa supreme court determined McKee, who has thirteen grandchildren, had actually won $1.85 because of how the symbols had aligned in the game. the unanimous court ruled that the casino
Nicola Sturgeon has been accused of smearing the hair of her sister's dolls. the 44-year-old has denied the claims made by her sister, Gillian Owens. she said:'she once cut the hair off my Sindy doll, just for fun' sparked a twitter trend with internet users sharing mocking photos of beheaded dolls.
channel 4's Indian Summers star Olivia Grant headed to Phuket. she did a week-long meditation and yoga course in the island of Koh Phangan. despite an 18-hour journey on the flawless Singapore airlines, she arrived in Phuket excited about recapturing her zen.
around 549 australians are registered as travelling in the Himalayan region. the family of 20-year-old Perth volunteer Ballantyne Forder led a tireless campaign to find her. hugh sheridan has made a heartbreaking plea on social media to ask for prayers for his younger brother. at least 18 climbers were killed after the quake which buried tents at the base camp.
eastlancashire railway’s award-winning 1940s Weekend is a highlight in many a vintage enthusiast’s calendar. the cotswolds Olimpicks attracts thousands of spectators as ‘athletes’ take part in obstacle courses and tugs-of-war. do your best lindy hop to the sounds of 1940s-style bands and indulge in a cream tea on a steam train.
the show entitled The Seven Year Switch is an eight episode series in which couples live, eat, and even sleep with a new significant other. the show is set to premiere this summer. after the switch is complete the couples will be able to decide whether or not they want to stay together or be with someone else.
Navinder Sarao, 36, made the bold claim in an email to business colleagues. it has been lodged in the Northern District Court of Illinois as evidence in any future trial against him. prosecutors allege he helped to trigger the so-called 'Flash Crash' of 2010. the crash netted Sarao £27 million in profits, they claim.
the Eagles Palace hotel occupies a pristine location 90 minutes' drive from the airport at Thessaloniki. it is a labyrinth of terrace restaurants, cooling courtyards, beach bars and a large saltwater pool.
police officers spotted the classic car travelling between Stoke-on-Trent and Crewe yesterday morning. they joked that the car had a 'leaking flux capacitor' from the movie and had set the tarmac on fire.
dontrell Stephens didn't die after he was shot by Palm Beach County Sheriff's Office Deputy Adam Lin. the then-20-year-old was paralyzed from the waist down after the shooting. the only item Stephens had on his person when he was shot was a cellphone.
Adam Barker is an equal shareholder in Handles for Forks Ltd, which manages and distributes his father's work. the 47-year-old served 13 weeks in prison after admitting to making indecent images of children in 2012. the company made £501,319 profit in the year to last June, which will be split with his sister Charlotte, 53, and brother Laurence, 46.
Jay Liptrot, 43, was among the first firefighters on the scene of the 200C inferno at a block of flats in Prestatyn, north Wales. his tenant Lee-Anna Shiers, 20, her partner Liam Timbrell, 23, their baby Charlie, 15 months, nephew Bailey, four, and niece Skye, two, were trapped and perished.
man jailed for life after fathering child with his own daughter. he raped her repeatedly from when she was just 10 years old. his depravity was exposed when he impregnated her when she was a teenager. as she watched abuser being led away from dock the girl ran towards him, crying out: 'i love you and miss you'
Luis Andres Cuyun, 30, was killed as he went to work on friday morning. he was riding in a pickup truck when two suspected gang members opened fire. cuyun's companion, social welfare official abimael rodas Palacios, 42, was injured. a man arrested for alleged involvement in the shooting later told authorities that he had come to the country specifically to kill Cuyun as'revenge' for treatment of gang members.
chip shop worker jeannie flynn, 53, lay stricken in the basement of a cafe. she was in a state of sheer panic as she heard passers-by screaming 'get her out because it's all going to collapse' a man told her to walk around a one-foot hole in the pavement. as she did so the ground gave way and she plummeted downwards. she was taken to a hospital in Fulham and was found to have suffered whiplash
programmer has used an application to create images of the new prince or princess. heir will have wispy blonde hair, dark brown eyes and a small nose. if he is right, heir will have wispy blonde hair and dark brown eyes.
the gun was inside a hard rifle case and was'secured properly' to a truck safe with padlocks and chains while the car was parked at the Marriott Springhill Suites. police believe the thief stole the rifle by breaking the rear right passenger-side window, tying a rope around the rifle case's handle or a cable lock, and using momentum from another vehicle to break the case's handle free from the lock. the agent also reported that his gear bag, backpack, and
'it's a hard thing to accept and a hard thing to swallow to this day,' says brynn. 'i think more so than blaming the other person we blame ourselves,' says brynn.
Eva Chapin, 34, from west Linn, Oregon, was booked into jail. she left a string of offensive post-it notes on the door of the family home. one said: 'apes were never meant to drive so stop' another said: 'u made me hate [expletive] now'
vandal demolished front window of estate agents during 'wholly peaceful' protest. he then spray painted 'no evictions' and 'yuppies' on their housing ads. police confirmed one man has been arrested on suspicion of criminal damage. organisers denounced violent actions of 'one idiot' but suggested there could be a reason they are 'continuously targeted'
property developer Andreas Christopheros, 29, was left fighting for his life. corrosive liquid was thrown in his face outside his home in Truro, Cornwall. Nicole Phillips, 45, from hastings, has been charged with perverting the course of justice. her husband had already been charged with grievous bodily harm with intent.
the bill would prevent adolescents from smoking, buying or possessing both traditional and electronic cigarettes. governor hasn't yet decided whether he will sign the bill and said he will not review it until it is vetted by his staff for any legal issues. 5,600 kids in Hawaii try smoking each year, and 90 percent of daily smokers begin the habit before age 19.
physicist from Dundee university is working on a laser which converts sun beams into energy. if it works, it could mean solar power could be viable in Scotland or be able to restore power instantly to disaster hit areas. but the beams will be nowhere near as powerful as imagined in films like star wars. it would also not be powerful enough to be turned into a weapon.
mohammad Ali Akhtar was only on his second shift when the raider stormed in. thief brandished a large kitchen knife and demanded all the money from the till. he wrestled with the brave cashier who refused his demands. he had to have 14 stitches in his ear and surgery on his hand after the assault.
the mistley Thorn has been around for ten years, in the capable hands of Californian Sherri Singleton. built as a coaching inn circa 1723, the hotel offers award-winning dining and accommodation.
student demonstrators who walked on an american flag sparked a countermovement, prompting a south Georgia university to cancel classes. a video shared on social media showed an air force veteran and former Playboy model, Michelle Manhart, taking an american flag from demonstrators. at the protest, held a week ago, Manhart was detained by police when she refused to return the flag. she later was banned from the campus of 11,500 students.
he will set out targets for ethnic minority recruitment designed to persuade voters the party is on their side. claim will be seen as a tacit endorsement of the leadership ambitions of Culture Secretary Sajid Javid, the only current Asian tory seen as a potential contender.
Simon Wood, 38, battled it out against Emma Spitzer and Tony Rodd. they were challenged to cook judges a three-course meal in three hours. final follows seven weeks of tough challenges, including the 'chef's table'
women's rights activist's sandals remained in footwell of driver's seat. exterior of white vehicle was stained with her blood. investigators declined to speculate on a motive for the killing. friends and colleagues immediately described her death as a targeted assassination.
the 65-year-old athlete won gold in the men's decathlon in 1976. since then, he has undergone countless cosmetic procedures, from multiple nose jobs to the shaving down of his Adam's apple. he is now sporting manicures and ponytails.
police received a phone call from someone saying they had stabbed their roommate at the university, was armed with a shotgun and threatening to blow up the administration building. the university had issued a statement advising students at its north Manchester campus, some 36 miles west of Fort Wayne, to shelter in place. 'Armed subject reported near admin building,' the school said in a campus alert.
scientists are working towards digitally recreating the cognitive abilities of the Apis Mellifera or European Honeybee. final aim is to build a robot that thinks, senses and acts just like the tiny insects.
a judge has ruled the plate was a reference to the 1982 falklands war. the BBC claimed the plate was an 'unhappy coincidence' but a judge said they were deliberately 'provoking people' when they drove it through the country last year. she slammed their actions as 'arrogant and disrespectful'
computer glitch affected registers at 8,000 Starbucks stores in the us and canada. baristas gave away free coffee and baked goods to customers. stores expected to open for 'business as usual' on saturday.
a group of far-right supporters called themselves the east Kent english patriots. they were seen at an event in south Thanet awaiting the arrival of Nigel farage. the row started after a group of far-Right supporters called themselves the east Kent english patriots.
an australian doctor is the face of the latest Islamic State propaganda video. he calls on foreign doctors to help launch the Islamic State health service. the vision is the latest in a string of high budget propaganda videos.
Aaron Kaufman, the former chief technology officer of blue shield, is accused of blowing thousands of dollars on vacations, hotel stays and lavish nights out with his girlfriend. blue shield, a health insurance firm, claims that at one event she 'behaved inappropriately' by posting raunchy images of herself at the event to social media.
'naughty Nicola' depicts her as dominatrix in short red dress and whip in hand. but she is 'tickled' by image, so much so it is said to grace wall of home. it is believed to have been given to her as a birthday gift by her husband. he is credited with transforming her from surly apparatchik to national stateswoman.
Lindsay Sandiford, 58, from Cheltenham, is on death row for smuggling cocaine. she believes that she will be executed by the end of the year for smuggling. her friend, australian drugs gang leader Andrew Chan, is to be shot this week along with eight other prisoners on Indonesia’s ‘Execution Island’, Nusa Kambangan. 'if they kill someone as good as Andrew, what hope is there for me?' she said
a vast sea of pilgrims from both nations have gathered at the anzac Commemorative Site to mark the 100th anniversary of the bloody gallipoli landings. the service is being held at the anzac cove commemorative site in anzac cove. a defence force chief told the thousands gathered there of the horror the Anzacs were confronted with on the day they came ashore in turkey a century ago. 'for so many, the rising sun that day
a suicide bomber first attacked the convoy before militants opened fire. a colonel and two lieutenant colonels also died in the attack. the army is embroiled in a fierce battle to reconquer the western province.
geoff Whitington, 63, from Ashford, was made so sick by obesity-related type 2 diabetes that he had been told he may need a leg amputated. his sons, Anthony and Ian, have overhauled their father's health and crucially, his attitude. two years after that tantrum in the supermarket, geoff is a man transformed.
a team at NBC is looking at stories he's told about the arab spring. a february 2011 interview he gave to a journalist is being investigated. he said he'made eye contact' with a government soldier on a horse. but there is no footage of him on the square during the 2011 uprising. doubts have been raised about whether he was at Tahrir square.
the password, 166816, is still being used by about 90 per cent of customers. hackers would need physical access to the payment devices, opening a panel of the device using a paperclip, to exploit it.
a group of technologically-challenged senior citizens are left completely and utterly befuddled by popular messaging app Snapchat. in the latest video from the Elders React series on the theFineBros YouTube channel, the elders are given cell phones so they can learn how to snap their own selfies.
former prime minister said Nicola Sturgeon's answers are 'all evasion' but he said the party want 'chaos and constitutional crisis' at Westminster. urged 'patriotic' scots to vote labour to end bedroom tax and zero-hours contracts.
police confirmed that Hannah Wilson's body was found on friday in the rural area of Needmore, which is about an hour drive outside Bloomington, where she attended school. Daniel Messel, 49, of Bloomington, was arrested after a police investigation and he is facing a preliminary charge of murder. Wilson, a member of the Gamma Phi Beta sorority at IU, was last seen at about 1am on friday.
Isidro Garcia, 41, will stand trial on charges of kidnapping and raping a 15-year-old girl that he went on to marry and live with for a decade. authorities said the daughter of Garcia's live-in girlfriend told them he began fondling her shortly after she was brought from Mexico in 2004 to live with her mother in Santa Ana. after an argument broke out at the home, the girl said, Garcia took her to a neighboring county, where he
nine-gram robots can haul more than a kilogram up a vertical wall. another robot - nicknamed Tug - weighs just 12 grams and can drag a weight up to 2000 times heavier. they are so successful they could be used in emergencies, in factories or on construction sites in the future.
Sergio Gomez has been excavating a pre-Aztec pyramid in the bowels of the mysterious ancient city of Teotihuacan for six years. earlier this month he found 'large quantities' of liquid mercury in a chamber at the end of a sacred tunnel sealed for nearly 1,800 years. if gomez is right, it could help settle a debate over how power was wielded in the ancient city.
constellation bought 64 per cent stake in hotel company Coroin from sir David and sir Frederick barclay. it is not known how much the deal is worth, but some have reported it could be as much as £1.6billion. hotels are latest in an impressive list of high-profile acquisitions for the country. investment arm has been snapping up a number of the city's landmark buildings.
susie Clark, of Evening Shade, found the 3.69-carat white diamond in a 37.5-acre search field on Thursday, her last day of a trip to the park with her husband. the pinto-bean-sized, teardrop-shaped gem is the largest diamond of the 122 found in the park this year.
the queen's wealth grew modestly in the last year by £10million to £340million. she placed 302nd on the list with a wealth of £340m, compared with 285th last year. but her assets have been dwarfed by hundreds of financiers and businessmen.
mother-of-two, 40, revealed identity as escort Samantha X on tv. said she received 'a torrent of abuse' from 'better' mothers who thought her role in society was awful. 'the fact I had kids caused a torrent of vitriolic abuse spouting from the thinly pursed lips of apparently "better" mothers than me'
gable tostee, 29, was on bail for alleged murder of warriena Tagpuno Wright. he was four times over the legal limit when he incited a high speed police chase. he drove two passengers home to the gold coast from a music festival. tostee admitted to police he was intoxicated and his car was unregistered. he was denied an early release after a judge dismissed his appeal.
a woman was rescued from her car which had become submerged in flood waters at Zetland in Sydney's inner-east. she was one of two people that had become trapped in rising waters following the storms. the woman was spotted by the same police rescue squad officer on his way to work.
the patient is being treated in the royal Victoria hospital, Belfast. they are being tested for a number of diseases including rabies. the results of the 'complex' series of tests are not expected to be known until early next week.
SBS football reporter and presenter Scott McIntyre took to social media to condemn the commemoration of Anzac Day. he mocked the Digger's bravery and accused them of committing war crimes. the tweets were met with disgust by twitter users who began the hashtag #sackScottMcIntyre.
laTasha Gosling, 27, and her two daughters, Janyaa, 4, and Jenika, 8, and her son Landen, 7, were murdered early Wednesday. her partner, 23-year-old Steve O'Shaughnessy, sent pictures of the bodies to the children's father as a 'birthday gift' before killing himself. police found the six-month-old baby girl he shared with Gosling alive and unharmed.
alondra Luna Nunez was mistakenly flown to Texas on April 16 after a judge in the western state of Michoacan ruled in favor of a Houston woman who believed she was her daughter. she was returned to her family in Mexico on Wednesday after DNA testing in the u.s. showed she was not the long-missing daughter of Houston resident dorotea Garcia.
the 4,180-passenger Anthem Of The Seas is set to welcome more than 80,000 people on board this summer. passengers have rubber wristbands fitted with electronic chips, which can be pressed against various sensors. 375 interior staterooms also have sea views from virtual balconies — window-sized LED screens showing real-time footage.
Architect and photographer Yener Torun sought to challenge the one dimensional view of his changing city. the 32-year-old spends his time wandering around the city looking for bold, geometric buildings to photograph. he documents his work to his Instagram, which has over 50,000 followers.
the 33-year-old outfielder has a history of substance abuse and admitted to relapsing with drugs and alcohol in February. he filed for divorce from his wife, real housewives of orange county star Katie Hamilton in late february. the angels are willing to pay almost $70million for him to play for another team.
the 26-year-old surfer was attacked by a'monster' shark on south australia's west coast. he is currently fighting for his life in hospital after being airlifted to hospital with life-threatening injuries. witnesses said a six-metre great white shark was seen swimming away with the surfer's leg and a surfboard in its jaw.
ingraham, 67, spent almost two weeks adrift after getting caught in storm. eventually radioed for help and was rescued - but now he is missing again. his sailing mate, Kenny Corder, was thrown into the water with him. the two were clinging to a life ring to survive, and he was rescued.
sweet cakes by Melissa, in the Portland suburb of Gresham, was found guilty of discrimination earlier this year. the bakery refused to make the lesbian couple a wedding cake for two years ago because they disapprove of gay marriage for religious reasons. the Kleins were able to raise more than $100,000 from anonymous donors on a fundraising page before it was shut down for violating GoFundMe's terms of service.
Xie Xu met his 19-year-old classmate Zhang Chi when the pair began attending school together at daxu high school in Xuzhou. Zhang suffers from muscular dystrophy, a condition that weakens skeletal muscle. Xie carried his friend around the school's campus to make sure he was able to attend all of his classes.
violent robber is serving nine years for a series of violent gang robberies. but he has been free to run a sneering facebook site from his prison cell. former friend says he is making huge profits from websites selling legal highs.
police seized a package with over a kilo of the date rape drug GBL addressed to Fred Pagan, office manager and personal assistant to senator Thad Cochran (R-MS) pagan was paid $160,000 in his Senate role last year. he is charged with possession and intent to distribute methamphetamine and importing a controlled substance.
the Splendour of the Seas will be transformed by Thomson next summer. the mid-size ship will get a new name, yet to be announced.
dismembered body discovered at a flat in Wales has been identified as Tracey Woodford. the 47-year-old is believed to have been attacked in woodland in Pontypridd. she was taken back to the property of a man she left a pub with. her body was discovered with'massive injuries' on friday afternoon. a man named locally as 50-year-old Christopher may has been arrested.
eight patients were found to be carrying carbapenemase-producing enterobacteriaceae, or CPE. the antibiotic-resistant bacteria can cause potentially fatal infections in the bloodstream and urine. if all goes to plan, the duchess of cambridge hopes to have her baby at the private Lindo Wing of the hospital.
he is the son of a biochemist from the scottish borders. his £70 million nest egg eclipses the fortunes of household names. but many people, unless they follow the charts, will never have heard of him.
coke has switched all the lids on its 500ml bottles to red to 'help make our consumers aware of the full choice available to them within the range' many drinkers have been left baffled when confronted with the red tops associated with regular Coke.
labour leader accused of plunging campaign to a 'new low' by 'weaponising dead migrants'. senior conservatives claim he was effectively 'accusing the pm of murder' lib dem leader accuses labour of hypocrisy given failure of post-war planning.
prime minister urged an audience to support west ham during speech. he said: 'this a country where people of all faiths, all colours, creeds and backgrounds can live together in one place'. but he didn't correct himself until he was asked about the error afterwards.
four members of the Kansas City Royals and three from the white sox were punished for their roles in a series-opening brawl. six of the players drew suspensions. the Royals pitcher Yordano Ventura was handed a seven-game suspension, fellow starter Edinson Volquez given five games and outfielder Lorenzo Cain got two games apiece. the white sox pitchers Chris Sale and Jeff Samardzija were suspended five games each, while
Sebastiano Quagliata and his wife, Valbona Lucaj, pleaded no contest to owning a dangerous dog causing death in the fatal mauling last summer of Craig Sytsma. 'i'm so sorry,' Lucaj told Sytsma's family. the father-of-three was bitten some eight times by two hundred-pound cane corsos while jogging in Metamora Township, 45 miles northwest of
'if we knew then what we know now, we would never have awarded her,' says editor. 'if we had our time over again, we would probably look into it further but what do you start doing?' she says. 'thankfully she didn't win the role model category, she won the social media'.
grace Rebecca Mann, 20, was found choked to death in her home last week. her roommate, Steven Vander Briel, 30, has been charged with first degree murder. her parents, Melissa and Thomas Mann, paid tribute to compassionate young woman.'she just wanted the world to be a beautiful place, safe place and kind place'.
leslie Roy, 52, and Lee Marie Wright, 56, got stuck about three miles from Crisp Point lighthouse in Luce County in the upper peninsula. they were visiting relatives in Ishpeming, in another part of the peninsula, and planned to head south on april 11. they were entombed in snow on a remote used road with eight boxes of Girl Scout cookies purchased from relatives and a bag of cheese puffs.
the girl's parents are divorced, and her father accused his ex-wife of 'abusing her parental discretion' by taking their daughter to the December 2013 concert. the mother admitted to being a 'little on guard' about taking her daughter, but that the girl was 'dying to go', so the mom looked up clips of the show on YouTube and deemed them age-appropriate. the father said he disagreed with the'sexually suggestive' nature of some of Pink's
the avalanche buried part of base camp, raising fears for the safety of climbers. a number of britons are among those who have not been heard from. the identities of those who died have not yet been released.
the 65-year-old said he still considers himself a heterosexual, discussed his faith and said he was a Christian. he also revealed that he still considers himself a heterosexual, discussed his faith and said he was a Christian.
deputy of disgraced former mayor appears to blame vote-rigging scandal on 'institutional racism' he insists there is deep-rooted racism within east London borough of tower hamlets. comments at odds with devastating legal ruling condemning his predecessor for bribery and ballot fraud.
tourist police officers Samuel Kvarzell, Markus Asberg, Eric Jansberger and Erik Naslund halted a fight between two homeless men on the Uptown 6 train this week. a video of the selfless act then surfaced and has gained them attention from hoards of fans, both male and female. officials from the united states and Sweden have praised their brave efforts and they are set to return home as heroes.
steelcase's the Brody WorkLounge is an effort to preserve the privacy and less distractions given in a cubicle while still being a part of an open office work community. the seating will be available for purchase in late august starting at $2,700. each WorkLounge features an LED task light, privacy screen, foot rest, storage space and personal adjustable work surface.
Steven Davis, 57, believes his sister, Debra, was murdered by whitey 'whitey' Bulger in 1981. he and his family are upset that people will profit from their tragedy. 'it's sad for the movie industry, it's sad for the actors,' he said. 'it's too early to relive such atrocities,' he said.
crowds who turned out for the anzac day memorial service have been left fuming after the club played loud dance music during the minute's silence. a contractor doing a sound check inside the exclusive club is believed to have turned the music on. many of those in the record crowd of 30,000 took to twitter to express their anger at the club interrupting the minute's silence on at least five occasions.
german Chancellor demands a new system that distributes asylum-seekers to member states based on their population and economic strength. the call comes as Europe struggles with the growing refugee crisis in the Mediterranean, where hundreds have died trying to get from northern Africa to Italy.
bus ploughed into the engine of the Uzbekistan Airways Boeing 777 jet. damage on the vehicle is clear, although it is unknown if the engine was damaged or if anyone was injured. it is the second time in six months two Ryanair planes have collided at Dublin airport.
study found children more likely to engage in risky behaviour when parents are distracted by texting or talking on the phone. children whose carers were distracted were ‘significantly’ more likely to behave in this way. electronic devices such as mobile phones were responsible for 30 per cent of all parental distractions.
monkey eyeballs teenager as he gives it the middle finger. monkey responds by throwing itself at the teenager. he walked away unharmed but was left sprawled on his back.
kangaroos are known to grow up as big as 1.8 metres tall. their owners let them give them regular baths, sneak into the kitchen for snacks, take naps and mingle with other pets.
father-of-two received letter from HM Revenue and Customs last week. letter addressed to'representative' of father-of-two and apologised for 'bereavement' said officials needed to sort out whether he had paid enough - or too much - tax.
almost every village in the mountains has at least one choir, and their own variation of traditional dress. despite much trawling on the internet, i couldn’t find a package on the right dates. instead i combined a group walking tour with an independent excursion of my own.
senator and professional poker player were playing 'liar's poker' - a game where players use dollars bills instead of cards and track the serial numbers on the banknotes. the goal of the game, according to Investopedia.com, is to bluff the opponents into believing that your bid does not exceed the combined sum of all of the serial numbers. the married 52-year-old libertarian lawmaker from Kentucky shared a Snapchat video of himself learning how to play poker from the infamous
a man identified as 24-year-old Felix David was shot by police in the chest. he was being arrested at a facility for mentally ill people transitioning into society from psychiatric institutions. two officers involved in the incident suffered head injuries that are not considered serious.
the two members of the Navy's elite sea, air, land teams were found at the bottom of the pool by another service member around 3pm local time. the names of the SEALS were withheld pending notification of next of kin.
teacher kissed 15-year-old after class and groped her in his car. the pair met because shorter was her Maths teacher at convicted sex offender's former school in hersham, Surrey. the 31-year-old faces jail after admitting two counts of sexual activity with a child and one count of sexual activity with a child.
at his lowest point in the 1980s, Bruce Jenner wanted to flee to Europe for gender reassignment surgery and return to America as his children's Aunt Heather. that was around the time his young sons asked their mother why their father had breasts. he was separated from his first wife, Chrystie Crownover, the mother of his two eldest children. they fell in love and got married in Hawaii when she was already pregnant with their first son, Brandon. a few years later
to celebrate the 10th birthday of the Football League Awards, a team celebrating the best players from below the second and fourth tier of english football has been put together. the world's most expensive footballer and Real Madrid star Gareth Bale heads the list of those who have spent time in anywhere between the second and fourth tier of english football. seven current premier league players as well as three outfielders and a manager still plugging away in the Football League.
Luke Shaw admits he has struggled to live up to his £28million price tag. the left back has started seeing a psychologist in recent weeks. the 19-year-old has played 19 times in all competitions for united.
1st Lt Michael Alonso and 1st Lt Lantz Balthazar have been charged in cases stemming from an investigation that led to the disclosure last year of a separate exam-cheating scandal. one of their fellow missile officers who was a target of the same investigation pleaded guilty to illegal drug use in January and was kicked out of the service. they are both members of the 12th Missile Squadron at the 341st Missile Wing at Malmstrom Air Force
a european arrest warrant has been issued for paedophile author, 70. he failed to turn up to court yesterday to be sentenced. he was convicted of indecent assault and given a week on bail. but he crossed the channel and booked a room at the hotel des Nations. he then moved to a second and third hotel to evade police.
phones4u founder bought the audley street garage in central london for £155m. he plans to knock it down and build a high-end housing complex. audley square house will contain five townhouses, three penthouses and a mews home. each townhouse and penthouse will have its own gym and swimming pool.
the royal family led tributes to those who fought and fell in the ill-fated campaign. the day began with a dawn ceremony at Wellington Arch on Hyde Park corner. later the queen led the nation during a ceremony at the cenotaph in whitehall. the queen joined a service of remembrance at Westminster Abbey.
Genti Rustemi, 45, drove over the crossing point without slowing. he threw a punch towards the grandfather as he helped children cross road. he then punched him in the chest causing him to fall over backwards. 79-year-old was left with a punctured lung and a punctured lung.
Rebecca Rice, 16, struggled with her nerves ahead of her GCSE oral exam. her teacher Lorette Esteve advised her to bring her pet labrador to school. she said: 'having Holly with me really settled my nerves'
Craig Bryson opened the scoring for the home side after just 3 minutes. steve mcclaren equalised for blackpool with a curling effort from a corner. mcclaren's side remain in the championship play-offs after the win.
sian Harkin, 54, abused position of authority by signing cheques totalling £30,000. she claimed work was to be carried out at Llwyncelyn primary school in porth. but the work was actually carried out at her home in pontypridd, wales. in total, she signed six cheques over a six-month period. in august 2013, she gave him a cheque for £6,720, which she claimed was for a gazebo.
Freddie Sears opened the scoring for Ipswich in the eighth minute. defender Freddie Skuse doubled the lead in the 29th minute. daryl Murphy wrapped up the win with a third goal in the 90th minute.
west brom chairman Jeremy peace is open to offers for the club. the baggies are currently fighting to avoid relegation from the premier league. owner peace is understood to want between £150million and £200million.
west brom chairman Jeremy Peace wants between £150million and £200million. groups from the u.s., australia and the far east are believed to be interested. manager Tony Pulis has been assured deal will be done by July.
rodgers has spent more than £200million since taking charge at liverpool. he is set for his third season without a trophy after losing to aston villa. he has signed 22 players but only seven of them can be considered a success.
capital one first provider to scrap cashback offer for new customers. follows announcement of an EU cap limiting fees for processing payments. financial experts believe other firms are likely to follow suit.
visitors who venture onto or too close to North Sentinel Island risk being attacked by members of a mysterious tribe. the indigenous Sentinelese tribe killed two men who were fishing illegally in 2006. they have been known to fire arrows and fling rocks at low-flying planes or helicopters on reconnaissance missions.
single mother Adriana Alvarez, 22, has revealed what it's really like to live on McDonald's wages, where she makes only $10.50 an hour. she says even with assistance from food stamps, Medicaid, and a child care subsidy, she is barely getting by, despite having worked for the fast food chain for five years. she is a leader with Fight For $15, an international movement to raise minimum wage laws and acquire the right to unionize.
choirmaster had consensual sex with 16-year-old student in his office. after the incident, the 24-year-old said to her: 'Oh my God, you have to forgive me, you will hate me one day' he was jailed for nine months on friday after admitting two counts of abusing a position of trust and sexual activity with a girl aged 13 to 17 years.
Bristol City beat Bradford 6-0 to reach 92 points in the football league. James Tavernier opened the scoring with a brace. Joe Bryan, Luke Ayling, Aden Flint and Aaron Wilbraham also on target.
scientists in Colorado have found evidence for a new solar season cycle. every two years it appears 'bands' of magnetic field move to the surface. this combines with the existing 11-year solar cycle, causing even more powerful coronal mass ejections (CMEs) and solar flares. when the seasons combine, the activity of the sun can be amplified.
trials show drug gives women around four months’ extra life. each year an estimated 600 women with advanced cervical cancer could benefit from Avastin, costing £3,370 for a month’s treatment.
senior coroner for central lincolnshire ruled in damning report. he said junior surgeon tried to deliver baby using forceps in 'unorthodox' way. also said senior managers tried to remove fact forceps were used from account. report will come as blow to hospital, which has just been taken out of'special measures'
dina Amos-Larkin was attending a four-day sports festival in salou, Spain. the 21-year-old fell while talking to her mother on the phone on april 3. she was in a medically-induced coma for two weeks and was told of her injuries when she was brought round a week ago. a GoFundMe page has since been set up to raise £20,000 to get her home.
Philip Gigante, 41, whose grandfather Vincent 'The Chin' Gigante was the head of the Genovese crime family, was elected into the positions by residents of Airmont, which has a population of around 9,000. the Republican real-estate lawyer, who will get $25,000 a year for the part time job, hopes his 'achievements and accomplishments' are what constituents notice, and not his heritage.
the package was sent almost 2000kms away to Chullora in New South Wales. it was picked up from the sender in Nathan, Queensland, on Monday, April 20. the next day it was sent all the way back to Queensland, and was processed at a facility in Underwood.
the advert features a toned model posing with the slogan ‘Are you beach body ready?’. the company is facing a massive backlash over its 'body shaming' campaign. it has seen many of its posters defaced with feminist slogans. more than 50,000 people sign a petition to have them removed.
police ran over three-year-old ginger tom Harry near his home in Normanton, Derby. but a neighbour reported the incident and police coldly told the family. the incident is now being investigated by Derbyshire police's professional standards department.
the storm rolled through the area about 4 p.m. and a man was plucked from the waters by the coast guard around 9 p.m., Petty officer Carlos Vega said. more than 100 sailboats and as many as 200 people were participating in the Dauphin Island regatta in Mobile Bay.
move could cost £3billion and take 10 years to complete, it was reported. the SNP want to eject Trident from Scotland, but both the Conservatives and Labour have committed to retaining the base on the Clyde. a senior military source said ministry of defence officials have sounded out Gibraltar as alternative to the naval base on the Clyde.
the 33-year-old royal's baby is expected before the end of April. the due date was initially reported as yesterday, but later claimed to be as early as Wednesday last week. she plans to give birth at St Mary's hospital in paddington, central london.
planners in the royal borough allowed two Costa cafes less than 500 yards apart. the latest will open on the site of the former Dedworth Road HSBC branch. less than 500 yards away is a Costa which replaced a cycle shop earlier this year.
the 77-year-old wrote letters from his bed at Ashworth psychiatric hospital. he was jailed for life in 1966 after torturing and killing five children. instead he complained he is 'bedridden and worsening' after breaking his hip. comes four months after he wrote a letter to a channel 5 news correspondent.
eight-minute video shows jihadist insurgents triumphantly celebrating their capturing of the northwestern Syrian town of Jisr al-Shughour. the city was captured by a terrorist alliance comprising al-Qaeda affiliates al-Nusra, who released the video, and other groups of Islamist militants. just hours after the video was filmed, Syrian government warplanes carried out more than a dozen air strikes on Jisr al-Shughour.
the 30,000 sq ft mansion is spread across three acres in affluent neighborhood. it features a two-story chandelier made up of 150,000 crystals. a private glass-enclosed tennis court with its own viewing box is just steps away.
former army colonel Perry Clawson pictured outside university of florida's Zeta Beta Tau frat house in gainesville, florida. he proudly displayed the flag which accompanied him on two tours of duty to the middle east. one veteran, wounded Nicholas Connole, said frat members spat on him and his service dog from balconies. another veteran, whose son lost both legs in an IED explosion, said frat members hurled beer bottles at attendees
former FBI director Louis Freeh was involved in a car crash last summer near his summer home in Barnard, Vermont. current FBI director James Comey and Vermont senator Patrick Leahy spoke about the accident for the first time last week. they say 64-year-old Freeh severed an artery in one of his legs and would have bled to death in just 60 seconds if it weren't for the quick response from paramedics and an FBI agent on the scene. it's believed that
Simon Wood, 38, from oldham won masterchef last Friday. he hasn't been on a single cookery course or even had one lesson. everything he knows about cooking is self-taught - learnt from watching tv. he sharpens his skills by practicing on his four children.
new guidelines urge GPs to draw up end-of-life plans for over-75s. they also urge younger patients suffering from cancer, dementia, heart disease or serious lung conditions to ask if they want doctors to try to resuscitate them if their health suddenly deteriorates.
the pair clashed on the bbc's Andrew marr show this morning. the row quickly descended into a furious shouting match. but the labour leader laughed off the attack, saying: 'come on Boris'
Tayler Chaice Buzbee was forced to make an emergency appointment at an aspen dental facility in Alabama on friday morning after developing agonizing toothache which would not go away. but after calling the dentist's office, she was informed that the only available appointment was in just 20 minutes - meaning that she had no time to find a babysitter. instead, she was assured by employees that she could bring her baby to the facility - but midway through the appointment, Attley started to create a
272 youngsters left disabled by foetal alcohol syndrome hospitalised in england. but actual number affected by their mother's drinking could be far greater. research by the world health organisation suggests one in 100 babies could suffer learning, behavioural and physical problems.
'when I'm mad, my brain can get a headache and it can start hurting,' says one child.'my brain slows down and then I feel more calm, and then I'm ready to speak,' says another.
six dancers filmed twerking in front of the Malaya Zemlya monument. two of the women were jailed for ten days and a third for 15 days. another dancer escaped punishment as she was under 16. prosecutors said their 'erotic and sexual twerk dance' was disrespectful.
estate agents offering higher 'Cameron price' and lower 'Miliband price' for same property. labour leader has pledged to introduce an annual levy on homes worth over £2m. homeowners with properties worth between £2m and £3m will be forced to pay £3,000 a year in mansion tax.
new broadcasting house in central london covers half a million square feet. took a decade to build and was opened by the queen in 2013 – four years behind schedule and at least £55 million over budget. huge steel-and-glass building has specially designed 'huddle zones' and a'meeting tower' on stilts in the atrium.
anti-ageing expert believes medical advances and knowledge of lifestyles will lead to a far longer life expectancy than has been seen to date. follows a strict regime of regular exercise combined with drugs and supplements and regular health checks. shunning marriage, children and material assets to focus on anti-ageing research instead.
Adele McKenzie was set to marry her partner of nine years, David Elliot. the 31-year-old was devastated to learn the bridal company she had paid around $1,000 to for her dress had closed down. she organised a payment plan with 'the Bridal Centre' and started paying in February. she started paying in February and planned to pay off her dress by July - around three months before her wedding - giving her time to make alterations.
researchers quizzed 40 heterosexual male and female students. asked them to rate the attractiveness of three groups of people. sober, tipsy and drunk were rated as the'most attractive'. but too much alcohol leads to 'excessive and unattractive' changes in facial expressions.
Eligah Christian, 49, took off when police tried to pull him over. he was being sought on a $100,000 warrant on charges of scheming to defraud, 15 counts of theft and 21 counts of issuing bad checks.
the prime minister has faced criticism over a campaign lacking in passion. he said he made ‘no apology’ for focusing on the economy. he will appeal to small firms and the self-employed, saying: ‘Nothing matters more’.
average briton eats four servings of cheese a week. three in ten office workers eat whole blocks of cheese in one sitting. one in four cheese fanatics admit to eating melted cheese with everything.
first take anchor Stephen A. Smith is under fire for claiming that boxer Floyd Mayweather Jr's career should be looked at separate from his domestic violence history. when co-host Cari Champion said she disagreed with his stance because she was a woman, he said that was because she was a woman and'should feel that way'.
Sydney couple set aside an evening once a month for mutual grooming. Sharon, 45, trims her husband's eyebrows, waxes his nostrils and trims his pubic hair. her husband, 40, also waxes her underarms, legs, upper lip and chin.
12 per cent of people think the child should be named after William's mother. Alice and Charlotte were next in terms of preference, getting nine per cent. if the child is a boy then 13 per cent would like him to be called James.
the prime minister said the snp would prop up a minority labour administration. he said it would be a 'disaster' and bring forward the government's dream of independence. but lib dem cabinet minster accused him of 'playing with fire' by stirring up ill-feeling. warnings came as polls indicated the general election race was still neck and neck.
chemical sulforaphane is known to block inflammation and damage to cartilage. but patients would have to eat several pounds of the vegetable every day. a single dose of the drug, known as SFX-01, is equivalent to eating 5.5lb of broccoli in one day.
Madison Hurd, 16, was hospitalized on Monday with what was initially thought to be a stomach bug that turned into sepsis, a life-threatening complication of an infection. nurses spent their day off doing her nails, makeup and hair, getting music and a cake, and decorating her room with streamers and balloons. the turquoise ball gown the teen had gotten an after-school job to afford was laid over her hospital gown, and her boyfriend flew in from Alabama with a tux and
after five customers reported having 'thermal incidents', Holden issued a stop delivery notice to car dealers and urged owners of the Holden Colorado- SUV or ute- to have their cars checked out immediately. this latest safety issue makes Holden the most recalled car brand in 2015, with five recalls in the first four months.
lib dem candidate lives in three-way relationship with two canvassers. miss O'Connell used to be a man, and miss brown used to be a man. she is standing for the lib dems in maldon, and is using personal life at forefront of her campaign.
the 41-year-old mother-of-two has won the marathon three times. she will be presented with the inaugural John Disley Lifetime Achievement award. the marathon will take place in the capital on sunday.
oil painting was kept in attic for years and thought to be worth just £300. but after advertising sale, interest in the work took off and it sold for £120,000. it was believed to be the work of a 'follower' of 16th century renaissance master. but the selling price suggests it may have been done by the artist himself.
the yellow protein world ad features a bikini-clad Renee next to text reading 'ARE YOU BEACH BODY READY?' the sight of the 24-year-old's toned figure has caused a stir among feminists and body image campaigners. a change.org petition started, general social media outrage and defacing of the posters by bloggers.
red is a colour that radiates energy and sexiness, but that can all be wrecked if the style doesn’t suit you. we asked Kate Battersby to try six looks to see which work — and which absolutely don’t.
professor Stephen Hawking appeared at the Sydney opera house as a 3D hologram from his physical location at Cambridge university. he was asked about the cosmological effect of former one direction singer Zayn leaving the boy band. the legendary physicist joked that in another universe 'Zayn is still in One Direction'.
Intrepid Travel have decided not to take any more bookings to Nepal until may 11. those planning on travelling out before this date have been offered a full refund. the company confirmed their 200 clients who are currently in the country have all been accounted for and are safe.
a strongsville, ohio woman was cited for leaving her dog in a hot car in a walmart parking lot. the officer told her to sit inside with the windows up and ignition off. in truth or consequences, new mexico, last year, the woman was told to sit in her hot car after her dog was found locked inside with no ventilation.
police say ex-wife Linda Watson, 35, was killed by her ex-husband during a 2000 custody dispute over their daughter. detectives say the dispute continued after Watson's murder as Linda's mother tried to gain visitation rights over the girl in 2003. three years later, Marilyn Cox, 63, and her neighbor Renee Farnsworth, 53, were shot dead in the driveway of Linda Watson's home.
orphaned chimp was found cowering in box terrified of animal traffickers. the three-year-old had been kept in the box for two weeks by illegal traders. they had been trying to find a buyer for her when they were stopped last week. the men had been trying to cross into Sierra Leone from west africa.
the Belmond Hotel Cipriani is on the island of Giudecca, a sliver of land just 300 metres wide and 1.5miles in length. the hotel has double garden view rooms starting from £477 per night, including breakfast and taxes. the hotel's heated swimming pool, set in extensive gardens, is filled with heated seawater.
a man driving to work in Alabama suddenly noticed his stolen pickup truck following him last week. that set off a chain of events that included a deputy's pursuit, a crash, and an arrest.
pm was giving campaign speech in south London when he joked everyone should back his team – but then named westham instead of the west Midlands giants. he said he had been 'overcome by something', adding: 'i don't know what happened to me, it was just one of those things'
'i suspect Ed Miliband will change his tune once the votes are cast,' says nicolas sturgeon. labour leader insists he will not enter into any deal with the snp after election. comes after he told bbc1's Andrew marr show he was 'not interested in deals'. labour is expected to suffer heavy losses in Scotland - where it won 41 seats in 2010.
Freddie was born by emergency caesarean section while on holiday in bénidorm. his mother, Karla Hornby, thought she was going to die when she went into labour. she was taken to hospital but doctors found she was already 2cm dilated. couple have been told they will have to stay in spain for three months. but their partner, a soldier in the army's royal logistics corps, is due to report back for service tomorrow.
film crew were just off new Zealand's Stewart Island when they attempted to put a camera on the dorsal fin of the massive ocean predator. the six metre great white decided to nudge the boat and bite at the thin rope that tethered the dinghy to the main boat. the men can be seen panicking as the great white uses its strong jaws and tail to shake the boat, causing it to sway dangerously.
the 27-year-old was once a sought-after neuroscientist-in-training. but evidence shows months before the shooting he was preparing for violence. if the 12 jurors, chosen from a pool of 9,000, decide that Holmes was mentally ill at the time of the shooting, he will be committed indefinitely to a state psychiatric hospital.
ukip leader is suffering from recurring spinal injury. he is on medication and making twice weekly hospital visits. he has also pledged to be 'gone within 10 minutes' if he fails to win. but party's deputy chairman played down his medical problems.
the 26-year-old is the son of a multimillionaire industrialist and model. he has been collecting watches since he was 16 years old. his most expensive watch is a cartier white gold moonphase.
Chris Blowes, 26, was attacked by what has been described as a'massive monster' on the south-western side of Fishery Bay in Port Lincoln national park. he is in a critical condition at the royal Adelaide hospital after losing a leg and a surfboard in its jaw. friends have begun to send their love and support to the surfer and his family on social media.
the prime minister faced the first serious criticism of the campaign so far. he pledged to continue focussing on bread-and-butter issues like jobs. insisted the economy 'excites' millions of people.
veteran presenter has blasted the BBC for destroying the Top 40 show. he blamed presenters' obsession with discussing sex appeal of pop stars. 66-year-old said: 'it is no wonder the Chart Show is a complete failure'
the FBI is investigating and security is being increased at other airports in Southern California because of a 'known threat' to LAX from ISIS. intercepted communication led officials to believe that a plot could be under way. despite the possible threat, officials said the possible threat was not necessarily related to aviation.
a large storm with an east coast low have always occurred in australia, passing through every few years. this type of storm is also known as an extratropical cyclone. a combination of hail and water pounded multiple suburbs in the city's east and west on ANZAC day.
shadow business secretary said nigel farage had 'a problem with race'. came after he said 'fully black' and 'half black' Ukip supporters were racist. he accused the party of whipping up 'anti-immigration sentiment'
your hands give clues to what is sometimes called ‘brain sex’ — the way your brain reflects your gender. men tend to be more obsessed by things such as cars and obscure facts. women are said to be better at empathy and understanding what another person is feeling or needs.
a Hudsonian Godwit made a 4,000 mile detour from south america. it is believed the large shorebird was last seen in the uk in 1988. over the weekend, more than 1,000 twitchers travelled to the water's edge.
Massimo Vian, one of the heads of Milan-based Luxottica, said that his company was looking to improve on the internet-connected device. he told shareholders that his company is 'now working on Google Glass version 2 which is in preparation' he did not give any details about a proposed launch date for the second version.
more than 1,000 passengers form 1km-long queue outside tribhuwan international airport in a desperate attempt to flee the stricken city. despite plummeting temperatures and rain, crowds had started to form outside the building late last night. many visitors had already booked return journeys but had crowded outside the airport in the hope of boarding the next available flight back to india. others had been left stranded after some flights out of the capital city were cancelled.
Danny Nickerson, 6, of Massachusetts, was diagnosed with an inoperable brain tumor in October 2013. his birthday request for cards with his name on them went viral and he received more mail in one day than the rest of the town combined. on friday, his mother, carley Nickerson, shared on a facebook page, that her 'precious sweet boy earned his angel wings' after a 'courageous 18-month battle'
7.8 magnitude earthquake hit the capital yesterday morning. buildings collapsed raining down debris on the streets below. more than 2,500 people died in the quake as buildings collapsed. avalanches on mount everest left climbers dead.
abby Lubiewski was born with hallerman-Streiff, a rare genetic syndrome that resulted in congenital cataracts. she can only perceive light and dark when she's not wearing her specs.'she has no vision at all without her glasses,' her mother Amanda said.
in ancient times, the word 'lesbian' meant a woman performing an intimate sex act on a man. the island was the magaluf of its day, and a capital for sex tourism. the programme examines the life and legacy of the female poet Sappho.
the body of 22-year-old Chelsea Bruck was found on a 13-acre private property near a heavily-wooded site close to train tracks. the medical examiner's office in Wayne County used dental records to confirm the body is bruck's. she was last seen on October 26 about 15 miles away from where her body was discovered on friday.
a week ago, 50 earthquake scientists from country the world met in the capital Kathmandu to discuss how the area would cope with such disaster. but experts claim its shoddy infrastructure and poor building standards make the country much less equipped to deal with the aftermath of major incidents. a 7.8 magnitude earthquake could kill 10 to 30 per one million residents in California, but has killed at least 1,900 in Nepal.
two-year-old Tommy Cox from colchester, Essex, looks very similar to prince. his mother - whose name is also Kate - is regularly stopped by people wanting to have their photograph taken with the prince's lookalike.
the 416sqm inner city block property has a large northerly garden with footsteps down to the heart of the historic area of The Rocks. it is one of two freestanding properties in the new southwales government's controversial social housing portfolio earmarked to be sold in the suburb. the heritage-listed Colonial Georgian residence, with three storeys and six bedrooms, was built by whaling captain George Grimes.
Sarah, 36, and mark Brennan, 35, from south Wales, never gave up hope of conceiving naturally despite being told they'd never conceive naturally. but last September they defied doctors to have their daughter, who was born seven weeks early, weighing just 3lb 11oz.
dozens of girls and women, some as young as eight, were kidnapped by ISIS last year. they have since been held as sex slaves in the Islamic State. some have returned after falling pregnant by their captors. doctors are allegedly performing illegal abortions and secret surgeries. some are seeking hymen surgery to'reverse loss of virginity' on victims.
a second person is dead after a body is found in Alabama waters following a powerful storm that capsized several sailboats in a regatta near Mobile Bay on Saturday. the storm rolled through the area about 4pm and a man was plucked from the waters by the coast guard around 9pm. crews are still searching for five people missing in the water following the dauphin island regatta. the regatta included more than 100 sailboats and as many as 200 people.
mara Jose Carrascosa, a 49-year-old native of Spain, was released from jail on friday night. she was paroled last year after moving her daughter, then 5, to Spain when the girl's father, Peter Innes, was granted custody of the child. however, she defiantly refused to bring her daughter back to the united states and thus remained jailed.
invitations to the service at St Paul's cathedral say it will avoid glorifying the Duke of Wellington's historic victory over Napoleon in 1815. but the move has been criticised by politicians who said it 'took political correctness to an absurd new degree'
Anais Zanotti, 30, is a glamour model and freestyle skydiving instructor. the french-born model has skydived more than 1,350 times. she has modelled for Playboy, GQ, Esquire and Maxim.
the works were taken from property investor, Peter O'Mara's home in 2010. 18 paintings were taken along with a bronze statue and silver bowl. the artworks were delivered to the art gallery of new south wales. they have now been ruled to Chubb Insurance for possession.
australia's most notorious serial killer, Ivan, shot and paralysed a taxi driver in 1962, according to a new report. his brother, Boris, confessed to knowing of his brother's first victim - and to hiding the truth for more than 52 years. 'wrong man' was convicted for the shooting and spent five years behind bars. if the 'wrong man' had not been jailed for his first violent crime, his victims could have been saved,
Joshua Quincy Burns, formerly of Brighton, was sentenced to three years' probation with the first served in livingston county jail for second-degree child abuse earlier this month. his now-one-year-old daughter suffered several injuries, including seizures, hypothermia, hypotension, bradycardia, apnea and retinal hemorrhages. he claims he was trying to save his daughter from hitting her head on a coffee table in their home in march 2014.
Scott McIntyre condemned the commemoration of ANZAC day on twitter. he called it 'the cultification of an imperialist invasion' and accused australian Diggers of committing war crimes including 'widespread rape and theft' the broadcaster has sacked the football reporter with immediate effect.
megan sheehan, of San Francisco, was arrested and booked at the Santa Rita Jail for suspicion of resisting arrest, battery on a police officer and public intoxication on st. Patrick's day of 2014. she claims that camera footage of bay area rapid transit officers and Oakland police conflict with what police say happened the night she was knocked unconscious. she suffered severe facial injuries and was left bloodied, lying on the ground after the incident. she said that she is embarrassed with how drunk she was
Marsha Yumi Perry, 36, was arrested on charges of felony hit-and-run, driving with a suspended license and on a misdemeanor warrant. the boy suffered a cut to his face as well as scrapes to his knees and elbows, and was taken to peacehealth southwest medical center in Vancouver. the scent of her was tracked through a field by a washougal police dog, who stopped within five feet of the hole she was hiding in.
63-year-old charged with five counts of child sexual assault and two counts of common assault. accused of raping two girls aged six and three in a caravan in 1987. police are expected to lay more charges against him and his alleged involvement in paedophile ring.
four-year-old had his toy gun packed in his hand luggage for flight to Lanzarote. but security officers took exception to his harmless toy when it was picked up. they demanded he hand it over and performed a thorough patting down. the boy's father has labelled the security checks 'ludicrous'
in a documentary aired today on state-owned Rossiya-1 TV channel, he said phone records from the early 2000s show direct contact between North Caucasus separatists and US secret services. he said he raised the issue with then-US president George W. Bush, who promised to 'kick the ass' of the intelligence officers in question. but he claimed a few days later the heads of Russia's FSB received a letter from their american counterparts, which
when Robin Barton, 25, was just four hours old, his mother abandoned him behind a garbage dumpster on November 21, 1989. he heard a'very low meow' and at first thought it was a cat behind the dumpster, but after moving some trash he discovered his infant body. though his adoptive parents initially wanted to adopt the boy, who weight just 4lb 2oz, and name him Adam, he was beat to it. the two met for the first time since the incident last week
Katia Apalategui's mother lost her husband by clinging to his pillowcase. she came up with a more permanent way to capture a person's scent. her product will provide 'olfactory comfort' to customers in mourning.
'it feels right to have a woman follow President Obama, doesn't it?' Strong joked. she poked fun at the president and police brutality during her 20-minute speech.
thousands of years of erosion, explosions and folklore form the narrative behind some of the most unbelievable sights in the world. from sweeping curves of Arizona's The Wave in the U.S. to the Fairy Chimneys of Turkey's Cappadocia, the simple flow of water over stone has created some remarkable features.
'King James' hit a one-handed shot, which traveled almost the entire length of the 94-foot court, on Saturday. after the shot went through the hoop with an audible swish, 'King James' said: 'Give me my money'
a survation poll for the mail on sunday shows a swing towards the tories. the poll suggests the tories are ahead of labour by three points. there are signs that labour, and not the tories, is at risk from farage's ukip.
a brave hippopotamus stood its ground against two hungry lions in the depths of Zimbabwe's Hwange national park. the three-year-old big cats were attempting to hunt the much larger hippo. hippo tries to scare them off before wandering towards nearby water. but as the lions continue to prowl, the animal turns around and charges towards the two young lions.
courtney Terry, 27, was diagnosed with kidney cancer aged 19. she had planned to marry childhood sweetheart in seven months' time. but her condition has worsened and she has had to bring it forward. her friends and family are now furious to crowdfund her dream wedding.
police were called to a home in bear, Delaware, early on thursday morning. they found 37-year-old Adeyinka Adebamiro unconscious in a bedroom with a stab wound to his upper body and his wife in bloody clothes. he was pronounced dead about an hour later and the Delaware Division of Forensic Science ruled his death a homicide. the victim told police he physically abused her while she was pregnant, cheated on
Jeremy Clarkson talked himself out of a parking ticket after leaving green supercar. traffic warden recognized him immediately and the pair chatted for a few minutes. the warden then appeared to walk away without leaving a ticket on the car. the 55-year-old was sensationally sacked from top gear last month.
Christian Trousedale, 18, walked the elderly man to his front door, holding his hand as they made their way to his home in Horwich, near bolton. his act of kindness was seen by Samantha-Jayne Brady, who stopped them to take a picture which she then posted on facebook. picture has been 'liked' a quarter of a million times and shared by 70,000 people.
after a few hours of peaceful demonstrations, scores of rowdy protesters crowded outside Camden Yards. scores of rowdy protesters threw objects at cars, kicked windshields, smashed windows and threw a flaming trash can at police. violence continued into the evening when Baltimore Police Commissioner Anthony Batts issued an order for protesters to disperse.
man in his 20s suffered head and chest injuries, as well as suspected leg fractures. firefighters spent 25 minutes trying to free the man from the car. he remained conscious during the efforts to cut him free.
Sandie Konopelski of Shiloh, Illinois, was struck by a westbound commuter train on the tracks between Swansea and Belleville on friday morning. she died of blunt-force trauma and was pronounced dead at the scene. Konopelski was licensed by the Illinois Department of Natural Resources as a wildlife rehabilitator.
a young man thought to be an Adelaide Power fan taunted the hawthorn coach. he yelled 'how was the win brother? Goooo the power!' in the video. it's understood the pair had been goading Clarkson in the lead-up.
Jamie Robbins stole £1,600 from Select 'n' Save in Kings Norton, Birmingham. 35-year-old walked into police station and said: 'please arrest me' he was jailed for four-and-a-half years after pleading guilty to robbery.
amira Abase, 15, left with Shamima Begum, 15, and Kadiza Sultana, 16, in february. she is believed to be living in the Syrian city of Raqqa. now, she has shared a snippet of life in the Islamic State. tweet shows a western-style takeaway dinner of fried chicken, chips, pizza and kebab meat.
'i've given it a lot of thought and have decided to go for it,' says retired film maker. he will stand as a 'Martin Bell'-style anti-corruption independent candidate. last week he led four ordinary voters to have Lutfur Rahman unseated. branded a 'pathological liar' and cheat who 'played the race card' at every turn.
body of Tracey Woodford, 47, found dismembered at a flat in pontypridd, wales. her family described her as'very kind-hearted' and'selfless' a man has been charged in connection with the murder of the woman. she is believed to have been attacked in woodland in pontypridd on tuesday.
first-time buyers will pay no stamp duty on properties worth up to £300,000. will have priority in the sale of new homes under a labour government. a labour government would change planning law to give first-time buyers 'first call' on up to half of homes built locally.
phones4u founder says visitors have felt bed vibrate and ghost brushing past. 50-room Jacobean manor in Staffordshire is 'being haunted' by boy who died in 17th century conflict. businessman sold off phones4u in 2006 for £1.4billion.
Maura Pally defended the foundation's work and reaffirmed its commitment to transparency. she said the foundation expected to refile some of its tax forms, following a voluntary external review, because it had'mistakenly combined' government grants and donations. she said the total revenue was reported accurately and that grants were properly broken out on audited statements on its website.
alleged victims could bring civil claims against the 86-year-old politician. he is accused of sexually assaulting young boys in the 1970s and 1980s. family told he will not face child abuse charges because of memory problems. but he could still face civil action from complainants, a lawyer has said.
the two-hour documentary follows a canalboat as it pootles its way along a stretch of the Kennet and Avon canal. there is no presenter, narrator, dialogue or music, so all viewers will hear is the sounds of the boat's engine, the lapping of the water and the local birdsong. the full two hours is shot continuously from a single camera on the front of the boat.
'Harvey Nichols: Here's the Rest of Your Fur Coat,' the slogan reads, alongside an image of the 26-year-old animal lover brandishing what appears to be a skinned fox. 'it breaks my heart to think people allow such cruelty to continue by buying fur products,' said miss James.
policeman Luke Stanwick, 30, broke his neck while on holiday in Portugal. he was left paralysed from the waist down and may never walk again. a donation page set up by close friend has collected more than £8,000.
labour's plans to cap rents are 'economically illiterate' and will slash investment in new housing, experts warn. he said rent controls would give millions of 'forgotten' renters a fairer deal by helping those stuck in so-called Generation Rent by soaring house prices. but campaign group said his plans were 'riddled with loopholes' and may make tenants' lives worse.
more than 72,000 camp inmates and prisoners of war died at the concentration camp. today, seventy years on, hundreds of people sobbed as they laid flowers and flags as memorials. german president said the British soldiers were 'ambassadors of a democratic culture'
the Heckler & Koch G36 is inaccurate by up to 20 feet at long range. it also becomes unreliable when it is left in direct sunlight or exposed to humidity. it is used by counter-terror police when they need more firepower.
at least 17 climbers, including three americans, and many sherpas died in the avalanche. some managed to survive, but others are still trapped on the mountain. avalanche hit on saturday, killing at least 2,500 people across the Himalayas.
waitress claims footballer grabbed her, slapped her and ripped her top. the 18-year-old reportedly fled to the toilet in tears after the incident. the 28-year-old was interviewed by police under caution earlier this month.
the Disneyland Book of Lists contains over 200 lists crammed full of secrets known and obscure. you will find out how many people have given birth in Disneyland, California, and what the official pet food brand is. the ladies' heels got stuck in melting pavement on the opening day.
study of 18,500 patients found that people with bowel cancer who saw their normal GP were diagnosed, on average, a week later than others. findings are worrying because Britain has one of the lowest cancer survival rates in Europe.
maren Sanchez, 16, was stabbed to death in a hallway at a Connecticut school on the day of her prom last year. hundreds of people gathered to remember her with a road race, fried food and live music. a classmate, Christopher Plaskon, has been charged with murder.
when prince George's brother or sister makes their entrance to the world, their arrival will be announced first on twitter. news of the royal delivery will then also be posted on the traditional easel behind the gates of Buckingham palace.
police ignored abuse of hundreds of young girls because they were too busy chasing labour crime targets that would earn bonuses for senior staff. offences, which included car crime, were considered crucial for satisfying a target culture introduced by the last labour government. it has emerged the same targets were also linked to performance-related pay for top officers at south Yorkshire police.
68-year-old accuses Nicola, 48, of duping him about the paternity of her son. claims she had sex with another man months into their marriage but did not tell him. she had a child as a result but led him to believe the boy was his, he says.
art sleuth Christopher Marinello, 53, tracked down nine stolen paintings. they included works by Chagall and Rivera stolen from an LA mansion. he is representing the heirs of art dealer Paul Rosenberg in their bid to recover Henri Matisse's 1921 Femme Assise.
a steady stream of mourners filed into the Vaughn Green East funeral home on sunday afternoon for a wake for Freddie Gray. the 25-year-old black man died a week after an encounter with police left him with grave spinal injuries. a pastor at Gray's family church gave a speech in remembrance of the man who died while in police custody.
last week, a handful of British tech fanatics took delivery of the first highly sought-after Apple watches. but there's one example of a new generation of watches designed to do far more than just tell the time. there's a watch that could make your life easier, whether you're a fitness fanatic, want to track your sleep and calorie intake or simply like the idea of checking your emails on your wrist.
prime minister has asked first great western to 'urgently review' plans. fares on the route between London and the cotswolds will almost double. passengers can currently purchase an off-peak return to London costing £33.30. but they will have to pay £62.40 if they want to come home on one of these trains.
presenter reveals how close she came to suicide after divorce from first husband. the 57-year-old had her first experience of depression as a child. she has suffered attacks throughout her adult life. the mother-of-four has been married to her second husband for 15 years.
Juanette Cullum, 48, was arrested after a witness allegedly saw her stealing property and informed american airline officials. detectives searched her Brooklyn home, where they also found 19 Kindle tablets, seven iPads, two laptops and a 'large amount' of toiletries.
a national counterterrorism center advisory group, ordered by the white house, is expected to recommend what would mark a radical shift in hostage policy. the group interviewed families of hostages, including the parents of journalist James Foley, who was killed by Islamic State fighters. the family of US contractor Warren Weinstein, who was snatched by al-Qaeda in Pakistan in 2011, confirmed it had paid a ransom to try to secure his release.
investigators have been poring over newsman's past reports and statements. they have been hunting down signs of dishonesty after he was booted from the top job in television news. he was suspended for six months after it emerged he repeatedly told a self-aggrandizing, false story about being on a military helicopter hit by an RPG over Iraq. further scrutiny of his record turned up questionable claims, including dodging rocket fire over Israel and seeing a body floating through the french Quarter
australian historian has drawn a parallel between modern-day Britain and 100BC in Rome, when the city was at its most powerful. but over subsequent centuries there was a rise in social divisions, inequality and political tensions - which resulted in its demise. he says we live in a golden age where there have been no major wars in Europe for three quarters of a century.
trio told to pay back cash 11 months ago after 'investment' scheme was ruled invalid. it is understood they are dealing directly with taxman but have yet to stump up cash. taxpayers' alliance criticises the delay, saying: 'we desperately need to simplify the tax code to get rid of loopholes'
seven women believed they were in a relationship with a man living in the same state found out they had been catfished by a woman named Kayla. the women had a chance to confront the woman, named Kayla, on an episode of Dr Phil that aired on friday. she apologized to the women, saying she was trying to figure out who she was because it's 'difficult' to be both gay and Mormon.
one of the stunning watercolours, showing the moment Dorothy, Toto, the Tinman, the Lion and the Scarecrow meet the Wizard of Oz for the first time, went for £25,000. the other, imagining the Emerald City, capital of the Land of Oz, sold for £10,000. it is thought that after filming was over the studio - Metro-Goldwyn-Mayer - sold off the paintings.
a self-warming bottle that heats up in 60 seconds is among latest gizmos. gadgets include a machine that makes'shushing' sounds to 'break the cycle of crying' and biodegradable nappies which don't clog up landfill. pippa middleton is said to have bought the nappies for her sister the duchess of cambridge.
the fossil is being sold by Hong Kong-based experts at Evolve. it is more than 95 per cent complete bone, is 9.2ft (2.8 metres) long, 5.2ft (1.6 metres) high and 4.6ft (1.4 metres) wide. it belonged to a male Triceratops that lived 66 million years ago.
the 38-year-old actor says he's no longer the womaniser we once knew. he hasn't dated in four years and says he's not even interested in the chase. he says he's focusing on resurrecting his acting career and being a good father.
the court's pivotal member on gay rights has been marching in this direction with opinions dating back to 1996. in his most recent gay rights decision for the court in 2013, rejecting a legal definition of marriage limited to a man. and woman for purposes of federal benefits, Kennedy deplored. that u.s. law for making gay marriages 'unequal' the court declined to intervene when states appealed rulings striking down their same-sex. marriage prohibitions.
photographer Uruma Takezawa spent 1,021 days on the road to 103 countries on four continents. for his latest book, the Japanese adventurer spent 1,021 days on the road, to capture amazing images. he found inspiration in those who live off the land in harmony with the natural world.
al-Sibai is believed to have influenced a number of young men into fighting jihadist, including 'Jihadi John' the extremist cleric lives in a leafy west London street and cannot be deported because of his human rights. security services are now investigating al-Sibai's influence on the London Boys terror cell of which he was a part.
Rochelle Holmes, 26, ballooned to 20st 5lbs after eating four takeaways a week. she also smoked 20 cigarettes a day and was told she was at risk of a stroke. she decided to lose weight and quit smoking once and for all. changed her diet and exercise and is now a size 12.
the closures include Heald College campuses in California, Hawaii and Oregon, as well as Everest and WyoTech schools in California, Arizona and new york. the closures are believed to be the biggest shutdown in the history of US higher education. the company collapsed last summer amid a cash shortage and fraud allegations and its closures are believed to be the biggest in the history of higher education.
yoga student, 20, told friends she was going trekking last week. but she has not been heard from since friday and may be unable to contact her loved ones at home in the uk. many of those initially reported missing have since been found safe and well. there are still several dozen travellers who have not been heard from since the disaster on Saturday morning.
geoff haigh, 61, wanted to marry his partner of 26 years, Heather, 54, after being diagnosed with terminal pancreatic cancer. the couple settled on a venue close to their home in oldham, but a number of blunders thwarted their special day. guests were forced to listen to the song 'wonderful life' 10 times in a row due to a blunder. their marriage certificate was recorded with the wrong date on, rendering it invalid.
research has revealed that the average cost of a christening has hit £300. the supermarket has created a 'luxury christening range' just in time for the birth of the royal baby. gowns and rompers allow mothers to buy a traditional christening outfit for a fraction of the price. a full outfit for the baby’s big day costs just £20 at asda.
the horseshoe-shaped glass walkway in Chongqing extends 87.5ft from the edge of a cliff, allowing visitors to feel as though they are walking on air. it is the longest cantilever bridge in the world, beating Arizona’s Grand Canyon Skywalk by 16.4ft. Located in the longgang national geological park in south-west china, the bridge has been named Yuanduan, meaning ‘at the end of the clouds’.
scientists took CT scans of teeth found at Riparo Bombrini in western. Ligurian Alps and in the Grotta di Fumane in western Lessini Mountains in. northern Italy. found they belonged to modern humans from a group known as the Protoaurignacian culture.
53-year-old convicted of 78 offences can't be deported because he is an alcoholic. he successfully argued he would be tortured and imprisoned in his homeland because drinking alcohol is illegal. judge ruled it would breach his human rights. his case is estimated to have cost taxpayers six-figure sum.
the first lady chose what's being called 'Kailua Blue' to distinguish her family's china from the red, green, blue and yellow used on more recent state services. a fluted band of Kailua Blue appears on all pieces of the service, except the dinner and serving plates.
four-year-old RJ Jackson suffers Netherton's syndrome. his skin appears red and inflamed, and is often covered in dry skin. his mother, Valerie, has to cover him in creams to prevent his skin drying out. but while out shopping recently, she was surrounded by armed police. a member of the public mistook her son's rare skin disease for abuse.
a wall of her family's home fell on her as she collected water outside. she only reached the hospital two days after the 7.8-magnitude quake. by that point, blood had collected in the top of her brain. the neurosurgeon was forced to use basic equipment, such as a saw rather than an electric drill, and sterile water and iodine from a bottle.
the woman was allegedly kidnapped in a parking lot in Loveland, Colorado, on tuesday. she told a dispatcher she'd been locked in a trunk after an armed man had approached her. 'i went to get some dinner...and someone came up to me and he had a gun,' she said.
a reddit user wrote an incredibly sarcastic resignation letter to their boss. the user passive-aggressively vents their frustration and discontent with the company policies. they apologise for the death of a step-mother, sickness and subsequent doctor's appointments.
the image was re-posted to twitter on sunday by an anti-ISIS activist in Syria. it shows a newborn baby sleeping next to a grenade, a handgun and what appears to be a birth certificate. the image has yet to be verified but it bears strong similarities to earlier ISIS propaganda.
Sophie Wilson performed CPR on Bradley Parkes after finding him hanging from a tree in the woods near his home in willenhall, in coventry. the 16-year-old was taken to Birmingham children's hospital in a coma. his mother Tiffany, 35, revealed he had made a'miracle' recovery.
stark warning comes from retired four-star general and former chief of the national security agency. 'the greatest risk is a catastrophic attack on the energy infrastructure. we are not prepared for that,' he warned. he envisioned a worst case scenario where hackers targeted oil refineries, power stations, and the electric grid.
many of those who are enjoying the rides have fled their villages due to fighting between security forces and militants in the tribal areas. the amusement parks have been erected on the outskirts of Islamabad and Rawalpindi, with swing rides and street food markets catering to families.
a death notice in a national newspaper read: 'bonnie died peacefully on April 15 2015 aged 73. Adored wife of John, devoted mother of alec and hereward, mother-in-law of Peta-Jane, grandmother of Finn and Alexa' the broadcaster declined to comment, stating it was a 'private family matter' but fans took to social networking site twitter to offer condolences.
chief executive of europe’s largest budget airline made the vow in an interview with a french weekly newspaper. he said its average fare could be as low as €40 (approximately £26) next year. it would be a €6 (£4) decrease from Ryanair’s current average ticket price.
labour leader wants to bring in 'use it or lose it' powers for councils. site left idle could be compulsorily purchased for use by another developer. institute of directors describes land grab as'stalinist attack on property rights'
Jeremy Jackson was taken into police custody on Saturday for assault with a deadly weapon. the 34-year-old is accused of stabbing a man with a knife on friday. the victim identified his attacker as 'Hobie' from the hit show. he has not addressed the arrest on social media.
the emails were tendered as the daughter of mining magnate Gina Rinehart was reduced to tears after being forced to sign a deed against her interests. the siblings are united in a bitter trust dispute against their mother, the richest person in australia.
the legal writing professor, who earned a doctorate from Harvard Law School, said she was'mortified' and 'in terrible shape' when she found out what she had done.'some people were calling for my job and law license. some people were calling for my job and law license,' she wrote in a column for the washington post. the university conducted an internal investigation after the incident and found that McElroy had not violated the university's sexual harassment and misconduct policy.
John Sims, who had Burkitt's Lymphoma, died on Saturday, with his new wife Lindsey Sims by his side. the pair married march 21 at the University of Texas M.D. Anderson Cancer Center, after John, who was to turn 31 tomorrow, was told his cancer was terminal. after the wedding they set off on a cross-country road trip last week, hoping to make it to visit John's friend Dave in Oregon.
myuran sukumaran has requested to spend his last days painting before execution. his brother, Chinthu Sukumaran, has pleaded with the president to call off the firing squad. his lawyer, Julian McMahon, removed the morbid paintings from his cell. his fellow death row inmate, Andrew Chan, has requested to spend his last hours in church with his family.
Nicholas Pence, 25, and his father, David, 56, were shot dead at their home in Metairie, new orleans, on tuesday night. they had been celebrating a football game in their garage, or'man cave' moments before midnight. police believe it was a botched burglary. a friend, 18, and a woman, 18, have been charged in connection with the killings.
four-year-old was strangled to death on her way home from school in 1939. her body was found dumped by a railway station but her killer has never been caught. her family have accused the metropolitan police of a 'cover-up'.
Vladimir Bukovsky, 72, has lived in the UK since he fled the Soviet Union in the 1970s after he was accused of spreading anti-Soviet propaganda. he managed to smuggle to the west 150 pages of documents detailing abuse of psychiatric institutions for political reasons in the communist state. he will be charged with five counts of making an indecent photograph of a child, five counts of possessing indecent photographs of children.
Nursultan Nazarbayev won 97 per cent of the vote in the presidential election. the former steel worker has ruled the oil-producing nation since 1989. he said it would have been 'undemocratic' if he had interfered in the vote.
the ocean-going tug MV Hamal was intercepted by the frigate HMS Somerset and Border Force cutter Valiant about 100 miles east of the Aberdeenshire coast. it was accompanied to Aberdeen where a full search was carried out. the value of the cocaine is likely to be worth hundreds of millions of pounds, depending on its purity.
Judith Russell, whose daughter Katherine married one of the bombers, spoke at a court in the city today. her words came as jurors decide whether Tamerlan's brother, Dzhokhar Tsarnaev, 21, should be put to death after being convicted of a host of crimes in connection with the massacre. defense lawyers have made the argument that he should not be killed because he was forced into the killings by his elder sibling.
the duchess of gotland looked out of sorts during a visit to the Vatican. she was cradled in the arms of her pregnant mother, princess Madeleine. madeleine is six months pregnant with her second child.
teenager collin burns completed a cube in just 5.25 seconds. he shaved 0.3 of a second off the previous world record of 5.55 seconds.
Kayla Mooney, 24, was arrested after a seven-week police investigation into a complaint she made about being harassed by the boy's girlfriend to school officials. the boy told police about the sexual relationship they had off campus last year, which appear to be supported by emails between the pair. she is the third area teacher to face sexual misconduct charges since february.
candidate joked that he hoped his 'off-piste' comment would not 'find its way back' he also blasted labour's 'entirely unsatisfactory' tuition fees policy. he also told voters at a university hustings: 'i don't like where we are'
matilda fitt was born nine weeks early in their home town of Barry, south Wales. she was chosen to play to Julie, who in the show died from putrid throat. matilda, now 21 months old, won the part to make her small screen debut.
photographer Jeffrey Milstein has shot a fascinating project documenting black boxes, shedding light on what happens to the devices after tragic crashes. despite the name, the boxes are usually red to help rescuers spot them among the wreckage of crashed planes and helicopters. the boxes, which record flight data and conversations between pilots, are incredibly important for discovering what led to a plane's crash.
Renee Bergeron, 38, from washington, photographs children with special needs as superheroes, dressing them up with capes, goggles, and wands in order to make them feel like they can do anything. for the superhero project, she dresses them up with capes, goggles, and wands in order to make them feel like they can do anything. her first little superhero subject was her own son, Apollo, now four, who was diagnosed with a rare
the original pig rassle tournament will be replaced this august with a human mud foosball tournament. global conservation group, an animal advocacy group, launched an online petition claiming the tournament was inhumane to the pigs. it garnered more than 81,000 signatures in efforts to cancel the event.
party sources admit their current total of 57 MPs will be slashed to 'in the thirties' after a catastrophic collapse in support. a party source said if the party had a group of MPs numbering 'in the 30s' it could potentially hold the balance of power after may 7 and be able to once again form part of a coalition.
wife of broadcaster has died aged 73 after decade-long battle with dementia. she was described by her husband as 'the love of my life' last night Suchet, 71, declined to comment, saying it was a 'private family matter'
celine bisette, who uses this pseudonym whenever she is discussing her career, insists she is neither 'damaged' nor 'deranged' - that she rather enjoys being a prostitute. 'i am embarrassed to be a sex worker, even though I like my job, I’m good at it, and I’ve made exceptional progress in my career over the past few years,' she wrote in a recent essay.
poll found less than 20 per cent of residents believe he should be executed. 63 per cent in favour of a life sentence and just 15 per cent in favour of death penalty. if he does escape the death penalty, he is likely to spend the rest of his days in one of America's supermax prisons where inmates are kept in solitary confinement.
Patricia Wilnecker, 81, fell in love with lamorna cove in Cornwall in 1948. she moved nearby and wrote a book about the beauty spot. but she has been banned after a stand-off with the landowner's son. he said: 'if she wants to be welcomed back to the cove, she needs to say to Daniel, i am very sorry I hit you with my car'
flight TCX2515 was taxiing to the runway in the red sea city of Hurghada. unruly passenger began causing problems near the back of the plane. passenger said he punched a bus door and uttered threats. he was removed by an armed officer, causing a delay for passengers.
prime minister was giving a campaign speech in south london on saturday. joked everyone should back his team but named westham instead of villa. he admitted he couldn't explain but said it must have been because he had been past westham's famous Upton park ground the day before. it later emerged he flew over the ground in a private helicopter charted to get him back to london quickly.
one in ten cardholders, or 800,000 australians, also admit their credit card spending has led to an argument with a partner. the biggest culprits of covert credit behaviour are women. 25 per cent of Gen Y were found to either have a secret credit card or hidden purchases.
no one was injured after the boy shot twice toward the ceiling in the school commons before classes began at north Thurston high school in lacey, about 60 miles southwest of Seattle. teacher Brady Olson, 43, knocked the armed student to the ground and kept him pinned down until authorities arrived.
mass cremations have been taking place next to the bagmati river, the waterway which divides the capital. around these ceremonies, families gathered, wailing in grief for their loved ones. scores of dead children were wrapped in orange and gold cloth on the ground, as their relatives prayed for their souls.
'we thought it was going to happen this year. we thought it was going to happen this year. I feel like we’re close — but we’re definitely moving in the right direction,' she wrote in an op-ed in time magazine. the reality star's Armenian heritage comes from her father, the late Robert Kardashian. she has used her celebrity since 2011 to bring awareness to the genocide.
nurse was told she had invasive grade three breast cancer in 2013. doctors at new cross hospital in wolverhampton told her she needed immediate surgery and chemotherapy. but four days after the operation she was told staff had confused her notes with those of two other patients, and she'd never had the disease. she was forced to give up her job in the oncology department at the hospital.
signatories - who together employ nearly 100,000 people - said they 'would like to see David Cameron and George Osborne given the chance to finish what they have started'. it comes as the prime minister attempts to move the arguments of the election campaign onto Britain's economic recovery.
Charlotte Briggs, 7, was refused place at Lydgate Junior school in Sheffield. mother Lynne, 49, claims taking her daughter to school and back every day would require four hours of travelling on the bus. she believed the school was a feeder school to Lydgate Junior, so only put one school on her admission form. but council said the school has never been a feeder school and advised parents to submit three preferences when applying.
Auckland coastguards receive unusual call out to a homemade boat race. the event saw a couch strapped to a stack of tyres and a floating Subaru car. one vessel capsized outside of the harbour, however no one was injured.
former captain of the fictional Star Trek Enterprise, William Shatner, has revealed radical proposals in an interview with Yahoo News. he wants to build a 4ft-wide pipeline from Seattle down to California to transport water and solve the state's ongoing drought disaster. but the proposal has been declared 'highly illogical' by some experts.
officer said he was appalled by the labour peer’s note after his superiors forced him to drop his inquiries into Janner’s alleged sex abuse. the note thanked him for how he had dealt with the issue, and invited him and his wife to dinner at parliament. revelation comes amid fresh concerns about the Establishment cover-up of the labour grandee’s alleged paedophilia.
avalanche ripped through tents with climbers still inside at 17,700ft (5,380m) avalanche set off series of further avalanches, prompting fears for the britons. around 1,000 people, including 400 foreigners, believed to have been on mountain.
'we may not be perfect - but we are determined,' the rapper and businessman tweeted in a string of'stream of consciousness' messages. he said that there are'many big companies that are spending millions on a smear campaign' and that 'actions will speak louder than words' the rap mogul paid $56 million for the service in January and relaunched it in march.
sergeant Edwin mee, 46, accused of raping and molesting 11 young women. alleged attacks took place between 2010 and 2011 at army careers centre. one victim fell pregnant after mee raped her in a locked waiting room. another 18-year-old from Sierra Leone also claimed he raped her.
stars of Martin Scorsese's classic 1990 gangster film Goodfellas reunited in new york on Saturday night for a very special 25th anniversary screening. released in 1990, Goodfellas charts the rise and fall of Lucchese crime family associate Henry Hill over a period from 1955 to 1980. stars Ray Liotta, Robert De Niro, Lorraine Bracco and Paul Sorvino were all in attendance although director Scorsese was filming in Taiwan.
three-and-a-half-year-old black labrador baylie lost a stone and a half on a new doggy diet of raw meat, offal and bones. his owners, Margaret and Patrick Evans from Leeds, say he's now 'a different dog' after losing the weight through the doggy diet. they believe his weight problems stem from rewards during training.
Kristopher Hicks, now 27, was on his way home from a night out in bath. he was in a taxi with girlfriend abigail noad when he jumped out of vehicle. he suffered devastating brain injuries, developed epilepsy and now requires round-the-clock care from his mother. a judge ruled the driver had unlawfully imprisoned his passenger.
the stunning Ashbrittle Yew is in the churchyard of the parish's Church of St John the Baptist, in Somerset. its central trunk is hollow with six smaller ones branching off - possible due to disease. locals fear it is on its way out due to wilting branches and falling leaves.
'they are warning him to slow down on revealing too much of his journey on reality television,' a source told TMZ in a Monday report. 'his kids think Bruce was spectacular on the Diane Sawyer special and in won over millions of people in the process. his kids have gone to their dad to express their concern,' the source said.
the presence of Blue Origin, LLC, the brainchild of Amazon founder Jeff Bezos, barely registers in nearby Van Horn, a way station along Interstate 10. few visitors are allowed beyond the 'No Trespassing' sign and a remote-controlled gate and into the desert and mountain environment reminiscent of the air force's renowned Area 51 in Nevada. at the opposite end — of Texas and the competition — is the highly visible SpaceX venture, led by PayPal co-founder and electric car maker
hashtags work with single emoji, multiple emoji or can be combined with text. last month Instagram launched a standalone app called Layout. it has four main features called Faces, Mirroring, Photo Booth and Previews.
the presets, made up of Julian Hamilton and Kim Moyes, published a series of posts on its Facebook page on saturday night and sunday morning. the posts came hours after it was announced Andrew Chan and Myuran Sukumaran would be executed this week. 'if you agree with murder, lack and compassion and openly display those views on our page then yes, you are a total c*** and can f*** off,' one post read. fans were divided on the posts,
lib dem leader sets out first of his'red lines' for a second coalition. pledge would mean raising spending on education every year from 2018 onwards and at all stages 'from cradle to college'. but he is still determined to form coalition with either the tories or labour.
former primary school teacher Mary Cowan, 92, passed away in November last year. her will has now revealed she had an estate worth nearly £2million. she asked that £700,000 of her fortune be given to charities. the bulk of her wealth was made up of stocks and shares.
border terrier was on a walk with her daughter when she fell over cliff. the eight-year-old survived a 100ft vertical drop before rolling 150ft down a steep slope and coming to rest in gorse near the bottom. coastguards searched thoroughly but were unable to find her despite four hours of searching.
Daniel Williams, from Toronto, filmed himself doing everything from sealing envelopes and sending emails to making cups and coffee. the 90-second video has already attracted three million views on youtube.
police arrested and charged a 39-year-old man and a 26-year-old woman following the drug bust in Katherine, 320 kilometres southeast of Darwin on Sunday. police found approximately 20 kilograms of kava divided into 862 small bags and a small quantity of cannabis. the pair were both charged with possessing traffickable quantity of kava, supplying a traffickable quantity of kava and possessing cannabis in a public place.
Elena Klimova, 26, runs children 404 - an online support group for young people about coming out and dealing with discrimination. she regularly receives obscene hate-filled rants from strangers telling her she's 'disgusting' and should kill herself. the activist fought back by publishing the messages on VKontakte, the Russian equivalent of facebook, under the title: 'Beautiful People And The Things They Say To Me'
the short film was created by the next family, an organisation that supports diverse families.
Oscar 'Papoo' Hernandez Jr, 24, said he was 'awed' by his namesake's fame. he said he was 'grateful to be noticed' when he paid him $15,000 for three guns. he was sentenced to life in prison without the possibility of parole this month. he was a rising star in the NFL with a $41million contract.
maitland local Karen Newton performed an impromptu rendition of the Last Post to stranded residents of Gillieston Heights. she had just finished playing at the dawn service at Kurri Kurri and was on her way to deliver food to the victims of the floods. the video, which has over 5,000 views on facebook, beautifully captures the dawn Anzac Day experience.
former secretary of state, 67, will be 44th president of the united states in 2017. if she reaches her goal, she will be first female president and second oldest, behind Ronald Reagan, ever to open the doors to the white house.
south Glasgow university hospital opened today with a fleet of robots delivering linen, a children's cinema and helicopter landing pad. the state-of-the-art building has been nicknamed the 'death star' by locals because of its giant 14-storey star-shaped design. it replaces four ageing hospitals across Glasgow, some of which date back to Victorian times.
two boys were playing on maroubra beach when they uncovered the body of a baby girl buried under 30 centimetres of sand. locals Filomena D'Alessandro and Bill Green have claimed the infant's body in order to provide her with a fitting farewell. the couple, who were married last year, managed to raise enough funds to provide the baby girl with a funeral.
Miranda Ashley Calvin, 19, was arrested on Sunday afternoon after allegedly hitting 49-year-old Jerrie Ann Hornig with her car and fleeing the scene. a white Mercedes Benz had been spotted fleeing the scene and was later seen by a person who was listening to a police scanner. Calvin was booked on manslaughter, felony hit-and-run and reckless driving. her arraignment hearing will be later this week.
french artist unveils 'projections' project in trendy silver lake neighborhood. he uses environmentally friendly limewash to paint entire property white. the so-called 'bates motel' has been closed for years.
the'millennium camera' will be mounted in a churchless steeple on a college campus. it will allow light to enter through a tiny hole and change paint inside. the camera is made of cooper and allows light to enter through a tiny hole and change paint inside.
the couple tied the knot in a romantic ceremony in the Santa Monica mountains on sunday. Nikki, 26, wore a stunning white lace long-sleeved custom gown by Claire Pettibone, while Ian, 36, donned a white suit and shirt. she pinned her locks in place with an exquisite diamond slide as she carried an elegant floral bouquet.
81-year-old embraced former SS officer in court last week in extraordinary act of forgiveness. she called for prosecutions of former SS officers to end and faced criticism. co-plaintiffs suggested she should not have taken part in trial in germany. 'we cannot forgive Mr Groening his participation in the murder of our relatives and another 299,000 people,' they said.
first minister said labour leader allowed himself to be 'kicked around' by the tories. she called on him to be 'tougher' and 'bolder' to rule out a coalition deal. polls suggest no one party will have a majority after may 7.
nurse suspended in her absence by nursing and midwifery council. she was one of three nurses charged with mistreating grant Clarke. the 45-year-old suffered a brain haemorrhage in may 2012. he was left paralysed on his life side, incontinent and unable to communicate.
survivalists and so-called 'Preppers' descended on salt lake city, utah, on friday for nation's first ever PrepperCon. during two-day expo, they were shown underground bunkers, learned new methods of storing food and tried out solar powered flashlights. also met actors from 'the walking dead', including addy Miller, who took pictures with fans and acted as judge in emergency preparedness food cook-off.
3,000-year-old practice of movement and breath is becoming more popular. experts say it sets men free to flex tight hamstrings without hearing invocations to Hindu deities or feeling inept next to a woman twisted like a pretzel.
mark Lawson, 44, was in pub in newbury, berkshire for his christmas party. he agreed that his co-worker Simon Myers could take some chips from his plate. but when he started eating an onion ring, he was angered and stabbed. he drove the steak knife into his thigh, causing a bloody wound nearly two inches deep.
deputies put out an alert for William Schultz after they said he got away in a truck outside the home. a nurse who saw media coverage of the case recognized the wanted suspect. the day before the stabbing, deputies had also been called to the home on a request for a psychological evaluation of Schultz.
scotland's first minister says labour leader will soon 'change his tune' insists he will not agree to a 'confidence and supply' deal with the SNP. but he refused to rule out relying on SNP votes to pass key legislation. critics say that would mean a weak Labour government having to negotiate day in, day out with SNP MPs.
willem-Alexander celebrated his 48th birthday in the south-west of the country. he was joined by his wife Maxima and their three daughters: catharina-amalia, 11, and princesses Alexia, 9, and Ariane, 8. willem-Alexander's brother prince constantijn, 45, was also aboard.
Amy-Beth Ellice, 17, from Essex started baking at the age of three. she landed her first book deal with her recipe collection at 14. her second, all about entertaining, is now firmly in the works. she plans to launch her own baking products and even become a tv chef.
yellow advert for protein world features a model in a bikini with the question: 'are you beach body ready?' campaign has attracted the ire of many social media users and body image campaigners. a change.org petition calling for the removal of the posters has now attracted more than 45,000 signatures. critics of the billboard, unhappy at the insinuation that only those who resemble the model, 24-year-old Renee Somerfield, have started a hashtag #
before and after images show how the wave of snow, ice and rock flattened the usually serene 18,000-foot-altitude base camp on Saturday. the avalanche started on Mount Kumori, a 23,000-foot-high mountain just a few miles from the world's highest peak. eighteen people died in the avalanche, including four americans, and 61 were injured.
the vessel was carrying 1,400 tonnes of viscous fuel oil when it caught fire in Las Palmas port on April 11. it was towed out to sea as a precaution and sank some 15 miles south of the island three days later. the government activated a level 2 alert after analyzing ocean current data from Spain's oceanographic institute.
pritesh, 36, and mansi Gandhi, 35, started trying for a baby ten years ago. but they repeatedly lost the baby due to a medical condition. mansi did manage to become pregnant and gave birth in 2007. but the boy, Khushi, was so premature he died after a six-month fight for life. his sister hiral, 32, stepped in and offered to carry the couple's baby. after IVF treatment, they gave birth to Krish three
the famed nine-storey structure has been reduced to an enormous pile of red brick dust. it is unclear how many people were killed in the tower in the quake-hit city, but it was believed to have been filled with tourists. dozens of people have been clambering around the rubble to take selfies in front of the wreckage.
Chancellor admits he is addicted to hit show starring Aidan Turner and Eleanor Tomlinson. admits crush on female lead character demelza, played by Eleanor Tomlinson. vowed to maintain tax relief on big TV productions which have encouraged makers to choose the UK.
the body of Hannah Wilson was found in rural brown county, about 10 miles from the campus, on friday morning. police traced a cellphone found near her feet to 49-year-old Daniel Messel. he has been arrested on suspicion of her murder. friends said she was last seen at the same bar where Lauren Spierer, 20, went missing in 2011.
mark Hawkins, 49, was holed up in greyhound-style bus in salem, oregon. barricaded himself in vehicle after being approached by police, who believed him to be wanted. seconds later, he 'fired weapon from front of vehicle, striking police dog' bullet struck police dog in head, prompting exchange of gunfire between officers and Hawkins. hours later, SWAT officers and police fired tear gas at bus - but to no avail. they finally decided to ram
researchers say 75% of extreme hot weather and 18% of heavy precipitation is being driven by global warming due to man-made emissions. they warn that as climate change pushes global temperatures higher over the coming decades, humans will be responsible for 40% of extreme rainfall events. global temperatures were the highest since records began in 1880. last month's average temperature soared to 56.4°F (13.6°C), which is 1.5°F (0.85°C) above the average for the 20th century.
large swathes of north and central Texas were hit with tornadoes and baseball-sized hail Sunday night as part of a severe storm system sweeping the region. the storm started Sunday evening in Comanche County, Texas and moved northeast towards the Dallas/Fort Worth area for the next several hours. more than five tornadoes were reported in the region, including a massive funnel cloud seen forming over Stephenville, 70 miles southeast of forth worth.
president gave CIA exemption on providing proof of imminent threat. drone strike killed two hostages, one of them an american. if CIA had been subjected to same rules as other agencies, strike could have been postponed or even prevented entirely.
labour leader will insist he offers a 'clear, credible and concrete plan' on immigration. hours before election speech, shadow home secretary refused four times to say labour would put a target on net immigration. during labour's 13 years in power, the foreign-born population rocketed by 3.6million.
a crowdfunding page launched by ecologists Euan Ritchie and Jen Martin received a baffling pledge for over $2 billion. within an hour, the donation to a kangaroo preservation project had vanished. the couple still haven't been able to track down the mystery pledger.
on Sunday, 36,000 runners took to the streets of London for the 26.2 mile marathon. for one couple, these streets became a 26 mile aisle where they exchanged vows. cancer research runners Paul and Laura Elliott combined their love for running and their love for each other. unfortunately Paul, 41, lost his father to bowel cancer 19 years ago. by running this weekend's marathon, the couple have raised £7,000 so far.
wood green animal charity has teamed up with cleaning and diy app Handy. they offer customers a cat fostering service. presence of a cat and the scent it leaves behind will often be enough to scare away unwanted rodents.
researchers photographed the faces and recorded the voices of 42 women. asked a group of men to rate the women's voices on attractiveness. those rated highly for looks often scored well for sound too.
the touching words were written by 10-year-old autistic boy Tyrone Sevilla and delivered to immigration minister Peter Dutton's office in Brisbane on Monday. the poster simply said: 'Dear Mr Sutton, Can I stay in Australia please. Tyrone' the single mother's visa application was rejected 28 days ago because Tyrone's autism would be a 'burden on the Australian health system'. this comes as they face the very real possibility of being deported back to the Philippines after their visa expir
awkward photos of the prime minister pulling young girls' ponytails are being posted on social media. this comes after he was forced to apologise to an Auckland waitress for touching her hair at work. the waitress, 26, said she 'expected more from him' and wanted 'the public to be aware'.
reality tv star is face of very.co.uk's #cantwaitforsummer campaign. shows off her toned body in fun and flirty high-summer designs. the 24-year-old recently starred in a Made in Chelsea work-out DVD.
more than two dozen babies recently born to surrogates are being airlifted out of the country following the 7.8-magnitude earthquake. some of the infants were prematurely born - while others were clutched tightly to their parents' chests. a number of premature babies - and some wounded people - were ferried to an Israeli military base on one of the country's emergency rescue aircraft in the morning. later in the day, five more infants landed safely in Tel aviv
'it's awful, I can barely speak. I'm still quite numb. it's hard to take in what an awful situation it is in Nepal,' she said. she said her sister, Debbie, had managed to contact the family to say she was safe after a 7.9-magnitude quake struck on Saturday. but she said she had not yet reached Everest Base Camp, where a deadly avalanche hit, because she was ill.
cassandra Fortin, 17, was diagnosed with hodgkin's lymphoma in september last year. she and her mother initially refused the treatment, saying they wanted to explore natural alternatives instead. but in January, a court ruled that she could not make the decision because she was not legally mature enough to decide how to treat her cancer. on monday, her mother brought her best friend to hospital to bring her home. 'i'm so happy to finally be on my way home,
the 59-year-old looked downcast and emotional as she took a trip to the gym in Beverly hills on Monday morning. close family friend Kathie Lee Gifford said on NBC's Today that Kris didn't know Bruce's secret and she's still 'trying to be a good friend to him - or her -now' 'it's complicated in ways that we cannot even comprehend,' she said. 'to all intents and purposes I am a woman
Isobel Attwood, 16, has not made contact with her family since leaving home. she is white, 5ft 4ins tall, of a'small build' and has brown hair with extensions. friends have posted on social media saying she is in Southampton with a man in his 20s.
bereaved mother, named Dawn, was appearing on the Jeremy Kyle show. she accused long-term chum, convicted burglar Jamie, of making off with cash. but one of his famous lie detector tests revealed he had taken the cash. she burst into tears and stormed off when she discovered it had disappeared.
Xiao-Ping Zhai has been helping women conceive for decades. she prescribes a bespoke combination of Chinese herbs to help conception. the herbs may be drunk as a tea or are provided as a vitamin tablet. the vitamins contain natural ingredients such as goji berries and ginger.
five hundred years ago, only one of the Inca rope bridges remains: the Keshwa Chaca. it spans the Apurimac River near Huinchiri, Peru, in the Province of Canas. local villagers rebuild the bridge each year using the same techniques as their ancestors.
Chrystie Crownover, the daughter of a Mormon minister, told how the Olympic champion first opened up to her when they married in 1972. 'it was hard to wrap your head around, he was such a manly man. he never indicated anything feminine in his demeanor,' she said. the 65-year-old married Chrystie straight out of school and told Sawyer that 'for all intents and purposes i am a woman' and 'can't live
John Goodwin, 75, shot himself near his car outside the Rockingham County Superior Courthouse in Brentwood on friday morning. he was airlifted to a hospital, where he died from his injuries. the jury was not aware of what had happened outside the courthouse when they decided they could not reach a verdict in the 75-year-old's case.
thief stole sat nav from 73-year-old injured pensioner's crashed car. she suffered severe bruising to her legs and ribs after collision with railings. 73-year-old was waiting from an ambulance with her husband, who has dementia. thief sneaked into her car and stole the black Garmin device. member of the public took a photograph of suspect as he left the scene.
gel contains platelet-rich plasma (PRP) - a concentrated mix of substances in the blood that play a role in healing. it is made by taking a small amount of blood from a patient's arm and processing it in a machine that spins it at high speed until it separates into its various components. platelets are important for clotting, but they also contain hundreds of proteins called growth factors that are important for healing.
Ian Pettigrew, 46, from Ontario, canada, was working on his book of portraits, just breathe: Adults with Cystic Fibrosis, when he realized he had far more female subjects than male. he was inspired to start his second project, salty Girls, starring women with the disease, which damages the lungs and digestive system. he said the upcoming book is 'dedicated to showing how beautiful those fighting CF truly are'
'i have about ten to 12 flushes a day, and six to eight at night,' says Craig. the 54-year-old was diagnosed with prostate cancer in 2012. he is now well and his tumours have shrunk.
tens of thousands of selfies have emerged on social media to mark the centenary of ANZAC Day. some misspelt hashtags such as #leastweforget, #lessweforget or #letsweforget. others pouted or posed with their tongues sticking out at the cameras while people posted inappropriate or disrespectful captions.
the 26-year-old visited the Maple Hayes School of Dyslexia in litchfield. it is the second time in less than four days that the princess has been in the country. beatrice has been criticised for going on 14 trips in just six months.
residents on the east coast of japan's hokkaido island had an unexpected change of scenery this morning. extra stretch of coastline has risen as high as 50ft from the sea surface in some places, exposing what used to be the ocean floor. geologists believe the emergence is a result of a landslide nearby, when melting ice and snow caused a section of land to drop.
the 55-year-old was confirmed by the Senate on Thursday following a months-long delay in which her nomination became caught up in a dispute over human trafficking legislation. she pledged to deal with cyberattacks and other threats facing the country. 'we can restore trust and faith both in our laws and those who enforce them,' Lynch said, apparently referring to race-riot clashes between protesters and police.
friends of the Deputy pm have indicated he will quit as leader if the lib dems are reduced to fewer than 30 MPs. sources have also suggested he will go if the party is left out of power after the election. but he insisted he would fight for his job 'in all circumstances'
James Staring, from fit to last, a London-based personal trainer, says there are four simple ways to burn away belly fat. from writing a food diary to doing short bursts of tough exercise, he reveals the best ways.
residents of new south wales reeling from last week's wild weather are being warned to brace for more floods and damage. an east coast low – the same weather system that lashed the state's east coast for three days last week – could hit again bringing heavy rain from Thursday through to Saturday. the state emergency service has more than 4,000 jobs from the 24,196 requests still to be completed.
'ahhhh #Poldark, I'm not OK!,' tweeted one fan within minutes of the finale. 'the sun has managed to rise in the sky,' wrote another. 'waking up to a week with no #Poldark to look forward to. Gawd, life is tough'
the most uncomfortable car is the Nissan Note Mk1 with a score of just 80 per cent. the Hyundai i20 Mk1 was the second most uncomfortable car with 81.01 per cent. Lexus's RX Mk2 managed a score of 97.27 per cent.
the 7th-grader is in remission but still recovering from acute lymphoblastic leukemia treatments, which started in 2012. she has missed 32 full days of school this academic year out of 134 days. the school wrote in a letter addressed to her father that officials worked with her but absences 'hampered her academic performance'
Christopher Nathan may, 50, is accused of killing alleged victim Tracey Woodford, 47. her body was discovered at a flat in Pontypridd, south Wales, on friday. police are still searching woodland and other areas of Pontypridd as part of their investigation.
the church is the only remaining evidence of the community of Zapalnya, where residents were forced to leave their homes. named after the patron saint of Bulgaria, the crumbling stone structure now cuts a ghostly figure in a few feet of water. residents’ abandoned homes were inundated and destroyed when the settlement and surrounding area were submerged in 1965.
a new poll of the most fashionable Brits puts David at number three. Audrey Hepburn beat stiff competition from members of the royal family and the Beckhams to be voted the most stylish Brit of all time.
mudslide on march 22, 2014, killed 43 people including brandy Ward. her husband, Tim, was buried under 25 feet of mud, but called for help. a week later, he was told he did not have 'landslide insurance' - and therefore did not qualify for payment to settle his mortgage. a donor has now paid for the mortgage, which he said is 'life-changing'
many smartphones on sale today - including apple’s iPhones, Samsung’s Galaxy phones and LG phones - come with built-in FM chips. nearly two thirds of these devices don't have the feature activated. radio industry, faced with rise of digital radio, are calling for this to change.
the only way is Essex star said she would'snog or marry' the labour leader. she said: 'he had a really great dress sense and looked very dapper'
the EOssc2 concept car can turn on the spot, shrink in size and even move sideways, like a crab, so it can park itself. engineers at the DFKI Robotics Centre describe it as an 'ultra flexible micro-car for mega cities' it is designed to connect to others to form a train. the car's computer and its auto-navigation system are intended to be semi-autonomous.
paleontologists are referring to Chilesaurus diegosuarezi as a 'platypus' dinosaur because of its bizarre combination of characteristics. this includes its small skull and feet, which are more like those seen on long-neck dinosaurs. the dinosaur belongs to the theropod group of dinosaurs - which includes the famous meat eaters Velociraptor, Carnotaurus and Tyrannosaurus.
the Egyptian-themed mansion, advertised online as Pharaoh's Palace, promises a 'perfect private location' on seven secluded acres in Tampa. millionaire owner Gary Lowndes purchased the property in 2013 for $2 million and had planned to film a reality show about strippers on the property. neighbors complained about noisey private functions held on the grounds. on friday the county code enforcement board found that Lownds had violated their rules by holding events without the right permit and running a business in
the pair wed inside the chapel at Besi Prison on Nusakambangan island on Monday with immediate family present. this comes just months after the Bali Nine ringleader proposed to his girlfriend while he was still at Kerobokan Prison in February. the couple met in 2012 after a friend introduced them.
the 50-year-old reality star was arrested at the swanky Polo Lounge at the Beverly Hills hotel on the night of her arrest. a heated exchange with the maître d' at the hotel led to her out of control behavior. she admitted to the doctor that she had a glass of vodka at her daughter's house.
an american sailor has suffered serious injuries after plunging into a swimming pool from a hotel balcony. a 22-year-old man jumped from the 10th floor and landed in the shallow end of the pool on the second level. he suffered 'injuries to both legs and was in a stable condition' but has been taken to royal Perth hospital with non-life threatening injuries.
Rhiannon Wilkinson, head of Wycombe Abbey in Buckinghamshire, says a 'boy free' environment stops girls from being held back by the opposite sex. she suggests single-sex boarding schools give pupils relief from the 'highly sexualised world' and allow them to'remain girls for longer'
Ashley Arenson said boyfriend had a way of making people around him feel special. the 33-year-old was one of four americans confirmed to have died in avalanche. arenson revealed he wanted to return to mount everest following devastation.
special warfare operator 1st Class Brett Allen Marihugh of Livonia, Michigan, died Sunday. he and 32-year-old special warfare operator 1st Class seth cody Lewis were found unresponsive at the bottom of a swimming pool at a base in virginia.
68-year-old former leader spoke at a meeting with Jewish donors in london. he suggested that Obama's plan to lift sanctions on Iran was not plausible. implied that America could lose leverage if it relaxes sanctions anytime soon. also said that the comprehensive nuclear deal - currently being negotiated by six global powers, including the us - would likely have a negative impact on US national security in the future.
homeless Isa Richardson claimed she needed money because her car broke down. the schoolgirl, who has not been named, said she felt intimidated by Richardson. she believed she had no choice but to hand over the last 15p of her pocket money. she admitted her latest offence when she appeared before magistrates.
the leader said his party is now the'serious challenger' to labour in northern seats. he accused the party of making claims it is racist because it is 'running scared' he called on conservative supporters to vote tactically to help Ukip beat labour.
modified push-ups with your knees on the floor aren't just a cop-out for the real thing, they activate the entire upper body.
Karen bell, 42, met man on dating website and exchanged flirty texts. pair met up to act out fantasy in which she spanked him with trainers. she threatened to post footage of their sex trysts on facebook unless he paid. she later increased demands, claiming son secretly filmed their tryst. she has now been jailed for 12 months after pleading guilty to blackmail.
John Lord, 86, went missing on April 6 less than a week after wife's death. his family discovered a note describing how much he missed wife of 63 years. it said how he could not live without her and how he apologised. his daughter, Alison, 56, said: 'it was completely out of character'
buy and keep launched in April 2014 for Sky+HD subscribers. it is now available to everyone in the UK and Ireland. films can be bought by creating an account, or signing in, at Skystore.com or through the Sky Store app on android and iOS. new releases cost £13.99 and classics are £7.99, but this includes the price of a physical DVD and postage.
pat Senior, 66, spends £240 a week on food and treats for the dogs. veterinary bills add another £17,000 to the yearly cost of caring for the pets. grandmother-of-four currently has 19 dogs in her care. she takes in neglected greyhounds and adopts dogs from local dog pounds.
'G'day mate, how you going?' is a classic australian saying. but when one man tried to get americans to repeat it, many were lost for words. a homeless man was insistent on telling his story about Britney Spears. a man in Nashville was convinced Murray was saying 'get out of my nightgown'.
colder weather is set to last the first half of may - and the forecast comes less than a fortnight after mercury breached 25C. conditions this week are set to be average for April, with showers on the way and temperatures barely in double figures. sleet and snow are forecast for today and tomorrow from the Pennines northwards, and there were small accumulations yesterday in the Cairngorms.
the group vowed to enter anyway and 15 were seen at the border crossing. they were allowed to go on by Belarusian guards but were then held in a hangar by Polish officials. many Poles view the night wolves with suspicion because they have rallied against the Ukrainian government.
senior writer for the australian financial review labelled Anzacs 'racist yobs' geoff winestock spoke out in support of sacked SBS journalist Scott McIntyre. he said: 'anzac day is a death cult. Sack me Fairfax'. on friday, the day before Anzac day, he said 'in next 30 years there will be no wars and in 50 years no soldiers around to honour'
the 41-year-old host made her awards ceremony hosting debut on Sunday at the 42nd annual Daytime Emmy Awards in Burbank, California. she delivered on her promise of multiple outfit changes and a new short hairdo.
Betheny coyne, 24, was diagnosed with a rare heart defect before she was born. she was never expected to reach her fourth birthday - but defied medical predictions. she is now mother to three healthy children and is determined to make as many memories as possible with her family.
toxicology results show that an off-duty new jersey police officer was drunk when he crashed his car last month. he had three times the legal limit of alcohol in his system when he caused a wrong-way crash that killed another officer and a friend on a new york city highway. hours before the crash, Abad had posted a photo on his Instagram page of three shot glasses filled with what he identified as 'Jack Daniels Fire on the house' hours before the crash, Abad had
Nasa scientists in California have revealed an interactive 3D map for Vesta using images from the Dawn spacecraft. the map lets you see features on the surface including craters, hills, mountains and even 'canyons' you can also measure elevation changes on the surface and see different 'canyons'
the parole board is reviewing the case of murderer Colin Pitchfork. he was jailed for life in 1988 for raping and killing two schoolgirls. he strangled 15-year-old Lynda Mann to death after raping her in 1983. three years later he raped and killed 15-year-old Dawn Ashworth.
Mitchell Keenan, 32, was diagnosed with frostbite six weeks ago. his sister discovered his blackened toes and rushed him to hospital. they were so badly diseased they could not be saved and had to be amputated. it came after he and his father were forced to live in a tent in the winter. they had been evicted from their home in westlancashire last year.
prince will not be able to meet new royal baby until he returns in mid may. he will be bumped down to fifth in the line of succession by the new arrival. the prince had returned briefly at the weekend to hand out prizes at the marathon after undertaking several engagements in turkey to mark the centenary of the gallipoli campaign.
3AW host John Burns has been named as the media personality alleged to have vilified Richmond's Bachar Houli. he is alleged to have referred to Houli as a 'terrorist' at a club function at the MCG on friday night during the Tigers' match against Melbourne. the radio station confirmed a complaint has been made against him and said he doesn't recall making the comment.
media executives say the NBC investigation into disgraced newsman Brian Williams was designed to pressure him into resign. the leaks, along with a report that he lied during an interview on the daily show with Jon Stewart, are designed to make the disgraced anchor negotiate an exit from his network. 'you’re dead. now negotiate,' one media executive told the website.
a two-way mirror in the women's restroom of a bar in illinois allows anyone standing in a closet on the other side to secretly watch women using the toilet. comedian Tamale rocks discovered the mirror when she was performing at the bar. she opened a mirrored door to find a cleaning closet and shot the view of the stall through the mirror. but the bar's owner says he has no plans to get rid of the mirror.
Eben Kaneshiro, 35, was arrested last week and charged with three counts of first-degree sodomy and three counts of first-degree sexual abuse involving a boy under the age of 12. authorities believe Kaneshiro hanged himself in his cell at Deschutes County Adult Jail. there have been 11 suicide attempts at the jail in the last year.
ofqual found one in five teachers had written sections of coursework. details of unethical techniques emerged at a teacher ethics in assessment symposium at oxford university.
inspectors in Welshpool and Llandrindod wells accused of being too nice. investigation carried out by officials from powys county council. councillors shadowed wardens three times in towns of Welshpool and Llandrindod wells and found plenty of infringements.
the man, only named as Mr Zhang, was travelling on his three-wheeled motorbike. he was hit by a car at a busy junction in dezhou city in east china. his younger brother had died at the same junction eight months earlier.
the 37-year-old congratulated ginger-haired Lucy on 'getting her dad's fair skin,' saying 'good on her' she interviewed non-identical twins from the UK, Lucy and Maria Aylmer. the pair have become a sensation around the world due to their opposite skin tones.
mark 1 Spitfire was among the first built in march 1940 but never made it to the Battle of Britain as it crashed over Dunkirk in may 1940. it was being piloted by Flying Officer Peter Cazenove when it was hit by a single bullet from a german Dornier bomber. before it was lost, Spitfire P9374 was almost certainly flown by Squadron Leader Roger Bushell, later 'Big X', who was part of breakout from prisoner of war camp St
Naunihal Singh, 54, woke up great-grandfather and slashed him with kitchen knife. attack came after heated argument over lack of children. he was jailed for at least 17 years and 39 days after admitting murder.
the £2,000 designer tote bag was a 50th birthday gift for a woman. customs officers confiscated it because it didn't have the right documentation. the bag was made from the skin of a Nile crocodile, a protected species.
'i have no doubt in my mind that he did it on purpose,' Love said after the game while wearing a sling. 'that's not the type of person he is,' Boston coach Brad Stevens said after the game.
cremated human skulls found at the side of the historic river Walbrook, in london. experts question whether they were part of a gruesome ritual burial. 20 skulls were found buried in clusters in the sediment in 2013. it had been thought they had got there down stream after being eroded out of a Roman cemetery to the north - but new evidence suggests otherwise.
pooches Ace and Holly stood up high on their hind legs, with their front paws up. the clip, set to 'Les Toreadors' from 'Carmen,' shows a man lying on the ground with 22-month-old Ace on his lap.
furniture dating back to 1820 was moved from the library at Ickworth house. it was replaced with four brown leatherette bean bags. heritage expects branded the move'misguided'
one in five people have never seen a hedgehog in their gardens. only a quarter of those who do spot the tiny animals see them frequently. there are thought to be less than 1 million hedgehogs living in britain today.
Alton Hines was waiting for his fiancé, 33-year-old leah O'Brien, at her home on the night of Saturday, April 25. he was going to escort her to the lakeside high school prom when he received a call from her father telling him she had been in a car accident and didn't make it. 'to get a call and find out what had happened, I just dropped straight to my knees and started to cry,' said
cody Knecht was sent out to rescue the baby mallards after residents reported seeing them fall down the drain. in the minute-long video the firefighter is seen holding a pole with his phone attached to it into the waterway. during the video, the noise made by the phone is responded to with chirps from the ducklings.
the innovative spherical map of galaxy superclusters is the most complete picture of our cosmic neighbourhood to date. it will help astrophysicists understand how matter is distributed in the universe and provide key insights into dark matter.
hats, or 'pukao', were rolled up ramps to reach the top of the figures. hats measure up to 40ft (12 metres) tall and weigh 12 tonnes (1,890 stone) hats were carved by the Rapa Nui people on Easter island, between 1,250 and 1,500 AD. the 887 statues gaze inland across the island with an average height of 13ft (four metres)
alopecia sufferer Brenda Finn, 30, lost her hair and fingernails at the age of 14. she suffered crippling anxiety and depression due to her hair loss. she says having eyebrows tattooed on would have saved her years of pain. she is calling for the procedure to be made available on the NHS.
the fast food giant is making a fresh start and stepping away from using GMOs (genetically modified organisms) as ingredients. Steve Ells, the company's co-CEO and founder, discussed the new development with CNN Money. last year, the Chipotle's sales reportedly went up 27.8%, and its stock went up approximately 350% over a five-year period.
selina Dicker, 38, ran for her life as a wall of snow and ice tore through base camp. she was at the same camp when an avalanche killed 16 sherpas. the tragedy forced her to abandon her first attempt on the summit. her mother said:'she's a very lucky girl. I just want to see her home'
lib dem politician was bitten by a dog while campaigning for re-election. he joked that the dog had 'unresolved anger issues' after posting photo online. a quarter of MPs have admitted to being chased or bitten by a dog.
madelyn yensen, 94, of salt lake city, died just after 4pm before her husband passed away at 9.30pm. the two married on October 17, 1940, only a month after they met when he took a dance lesson from her at a local studio. they raised their three children and adopted a calico cat named moonpie who had repeatedly shown up at their doorstep.
Elle, 51, has revealed that she carries around a pH balance urine tester kit wherever she goes to check the state of her body. the body's pH value tells you how acidic or alkaline your body is. an alkaline body can be achieved by eating the right foods and exercising.
jemma Gawned appeared on the first season of the australian big brother in 2001. the 40-year-old now runs a wildly successful raw food empire called Naked Treaties. the brand sells products out of its juice bar while supplying to hundreds of other stores. all the ingredients in her products are raw, vegan, organic and ethically sourced.
myuran Sukumaran and fellow australian inmate Andrew Chan will be shot by a firing squad in a jungle clearing on 'Nusakambangan'. they will be led into a clearing where they will be given the option to be blindfolded.'myuran always said to me he would never take this lying down,' said close supporter and artist Ben Quilty.
liberal justice, 82, will be part of a decision on whether states are allowed to ban same-sex unions and refuse to recognize those made in other states. she has been unusually open about her opinions ahead of the cases.
father asked to leave pub for family breakfast because he was wearing tracksuit bottoms. he had travelled ten miles from home to visit the wallow in northumberland. when family arrived he was told he could not order a drink because of attire. pub chain apologised but said no-tracksuit policy had been in place since 2013.
police were called to the sheraton hotel in Iowa city around 1.30am on sunday. the 20-year-old urinated on the lobby floor and refused a breathalyzer. she is the daughter of basketball legend Scottie Pippen and his ex-fiancee yvette deleone.
Greystone park psychiatric center, in new jersey, was built to house hundreds of mentally ill patients, but it was home to more than 7,500 people. it has long been abandoned and has been left to fall into disarray, with crumbling walls, flaking plaster and gaping holes in ceilings and staircases. preservationists are arguing that the building should not be bulldozed and should instead be converted into a museum and housing.
there are growing concerns that google's Waze application poses a danger to police because of its ability to track their locations. the app allows users to tag the locations of parked police vehicles, accidents, congestion, traffic cameras, potholes and more. several police officers say the app is being used to stalk and plan attacks on law enforcement.
ancient civilisations such as the Romans, Greeks and Egyptians have had to deal with drunken behaviour in public for thousands of years. now an academic says modern authorities should take a lead from their forebears as they attempt to mitigate the impact of our boozy culture.
Sharon Smith, 43, from west Midlands, was a bulky size 26 when she went on a business trip in 2012 and struggled to fit in the plane seat. today she weighs in at a healthy 9st 9lb and is due to run a 10k race on Sunday.
Sir Frank Kitson, 88, is accused in the case of priest killed by loyalists in 1973. it is the first time a retired senior officer has been personally sued over the Troubles. but he said he was confused as to why he was named because he was not even serving in northern Ireland at the time. his widow, Mary, is suing the ministry of defence and the general.
photographer J.M. Giordano, 41, was standing in front of a police line when they suddenly started marching and he couldn't get out of the way quickly enough. about five or six police officers hit him with their shields, the photographer says. he says he was let go because police knew he was a member of the press.
researchers from national chung hsing university in taiwan studied the expression of a class of genes known to be associated with petal development. they converted lips into petals in two orchid species by reducing the activity of the 'L' complex and the 'SP' complex, using gene silencing. they found that in mature orchid flowers, the expression pattern suggests two protein complexes, called the 'L' complex and the 'SP' complex, compete to promote the formation of the lip
by 2030 up to 170 million hectares (420 million acres) of forest could be lost. this is equivalent to the combined size of Germany, France, Spain and Portugal. research by wildlife charity the WWF identified 11 'deforestation fronts' where 80 per cent of projected global forest losses by 2030 could occur. the areas are the amazon, the Atlantic Forest and Gran Chaco, and the Cerrado in south America, the Choco-Darien in Central America, the Congo Basin, East Africa,
marketing co-ordinator was wolf-whistled at by builders on her walk to work. 23-year-old initially tried to ignore the whistling but began to get upset. eventually, after a month of unwanted attention, she called the police. she compared the wolf-whistling to racial discrimination and called police.
Nicola Bonn, 34, from London, started a blog called Upfront Mama detailing the trials and tribulations of raising her little girl Poppy, 14 months. she wanted to share all the things that she had learnt so that fellow mothers wouldn’t feel as 'clueless' as she did. one of her blog posts, Why We Need to Stop Justifying Ourselves, went viral - no doubt thanks to her candid account of bringing up a baby.
undersheriff Tim Albin, of the Tulsa County sheriff's office in Oklahoma, quit his job after new revelations about how the department treated elderly killer, reserve deputy Robert Bates, 73. Bates, who was a volunteer deputy, shot dead Eric Harris, 44, after he was tackled to the ground. video of the killing shows Bates exclaiming that he opened fired by accident, and apologizing.
511 elephant tusks, worth $6million (£4m), were seized upon arrival on Saturday at a major port in Chonburi province in eastern Thailand. bust came after customs officials received a tip-off in Laos and Thailand and tracked the containers from Kenya. the ivory, hidden among tea leaves, was shipped out of Kenya on march 24 and went through ports in Sri Lanka, Malaysia and Singapore before coming to Thailand.
Jeremy Clarkson and his colleagues were on brink of lucrative new three-year deal. but they were scrapped when he punched producer Oisin Tymon over a hot meal. infamous 'fracas' led to the 'draft version' of the lucrative contract being taken away. 'this was a great privilege and a once-in-a-lifetime event,' said the presenter.
the actress married longtime boyfriend, business consultant Kris Brkljac, over the weekend. the walk down the aisle took place on the same weekend as the castle star's 37th birthday. the couple married 'in a private family monastery on the Dalmatian coast'
77-year-old was kicked out of the country 'with nothing' 30 years ago. he has spent 30 years living a life of luxury moving between homes. his family's assets are valued at around £64million.
yves van de Ven, 37, posted a picture of himself'missing' the top of the tower. he wanted to poke fun of the typical tourist pictures he takes. he asked users to connect his finger with the top of the 301m tower.
the 41-year-old wore skyscraper heels to cheer on her son, 12, in the children's marathon earlier today. she accessorised her skinny jeans, leather jacket and 'Team Romeo' T-shirt with a pair of alaa boots, which retail at approximately £1,500.
cardiologist Ellen gallant was climbing the world's tallest mountain when quake struck. the 7.8 magnitude earthquake sparked an avalanche killing 18 people. four americans who were on the mountain are confirmed to have died. 15 other climbers and sherpas were also killed in the avalanche. up to 100 americans are still missing following the disaster on sunday.
an MP passed a dossier of information to the department in the hope it would kick-start a fresh police investigation. but instead the paperwork was shelved by officials until it was discovered in 2013 and belatedly passed to Leicestershire police. revelation will heighten fears that the peer, now 86, was the beneficiary of an Establishment cover-up.
a Harvard-led study has mapped taste buds on a tongue for the first time. scientists examined the different cells used to identify taste and watched these cells capture and process molecules live. they were able to spot blood vessels up to 240 microns - 240 millionths of a metre (0.0024mm) below the surface of the tongue. scientists say the sensory changes are tied to ancient climate-cooling events in Antarctica, where penguins originated.
over 300 people gathered at the blues point reserve on Sydney's north shore for a candlelight vigil. '#keephopealive' was erected using over 15,000 flowers donated by amnesty international supporters. 'where there's life, there's hope and we will continue to campaign on this until we see that we just can't do this anymore,' said crisis campaigner.
two-year-old Landen Martin ran behind the car as his uncle was attempting to back out of the driveway of a Gainesville, Georgia home. Joshua Saunders, 19, was arrested on charges including DUI, reckless driving, leaving the scene of an accident and vehicular homicide.
'happy and relaxed' family holiday ended in 'appalling tragedy' in 2006. their father and girlfriend fell into a coma and were close to death. they were found the next morning by a maid, along with bodies of children. inquest jury at wakefield coroner's court has been delayed partly because of ongoing legal proceedings.
the aerial apology was splashed across the city's clear blue sky on monday. it was followed by a love heart and two crosses for kisses. locals quickly took to twitter to question who the message was directed at.
Irwin Horwitz emailed his strategic management class of 30 students telling them he was going to fail all of them because of the bad behavior he had seen during the semester. he said he had seen cheating, heard false rumors about himself and others and had been called a 'f****** moron' to his face. the university has said that the failing grades his wishes to give out will not hold.
Vivien's has launched an 'influencers' section to accommodate client demand. 'bloggers' and 'influencers' are now being snapped up by agencies. 'that line of just being a model is being blurred,' says general manager.
'my day could have been ruined but, because of this guy, it was the highlight of my day,' says university of Alberta law student Derek Murray. the note reads: 'i noticed you left your lights on. the battery will probably not have enough charge to start your vehicle'
Virginia Trimble Ritter's daughter, marcia, was raped and choked to death by Jerome Sydney Barrett in 1975. her body was found 33 days after she disappeared. Ritter's then-husband advised her against seeing the body and the crime scene photos.
Lu Xincai takes his mother to work on the back of his motorbike every day. he ties a sash around both of their waists to make sure she doesn't fall off. his mother suffers from Alzheimer's and used to get lost when she was alone.
Marie Teresa Ratcliffe refused to defend herself against misconduct charges. she refused to show up at fitness to practise hearing at nursing and midwifery council. panel told she accepts 77 allegations relating to her care and treatment of 14 patients at scandal-hit furness general hospital in cumbria between 2004 and 2013.
leo greene, 39, of salt lake city has been arrested after crashing through two fences and sprinting from police onto a runway during an eight-minute chase. the events unfolded during a routine traffic stop after airport police tried to stop the car with its bumper dragging. he was asked to hand over the keys to his car by police when he drove off, crashed through the fence lines and onto the tarmac area before crashing into another fence.
jef Rouner said his daughter was forced to cover up when she was told that the spaghetti straps of her 'full-length' dress were 'against the rules' 'we still live in a country where someone can decide the shoulders of a five-year-old girl are so distracting that they must be sent away and decently hidden,' he said.
Nicola sturgeon insists she will call the shots in event of a hung parliament. but she is not even standing for election to the commons. vowed to use influence of dozens of MPs to get her way for next five years. she has made clear she would act to 'lock' the tories out of power.
filmmaker Michael Churton was knocked down by the tsunami of snow. he was with four colleagues at the base camp, 17,500ft above sea level. the 38-year-old believes the earthquake shook loose a big ice shelf. as snow approached, he got into the fetal position and hoped for the best. the force hitting his body knocked him into a rock, leaving him with facial injuries. he eventually made his way down from the mountain and was greete
veteran scriptwriter for the radio 4 drama, Keri Davies, said having a divan to hand is vital to make post-coital conversations sound convincing. he added that parties in the fictional ambridge are limited to nine attendees because of budgetary considerations.
'i remember just closing my eyes, the tears rolling down and me just trying to breathe,' said her husband's widow. 'i never probably thought a cowboy would want me,' she said.
serial killer Ronald jebson died of kidney failure almost a fortnight ago. he was responsible for the 'Babes in the Woods' murders in 1970. his final wish was for his death to be secret and victims' families only found out 11 days after he died. beryl Hanlon, whose 12-year-old son Gary was killed together with his 11-year-old friend Susan Blatchford in 1970, sobbed as she heard the news.
toutouni, 42, has amassed 750,000 followers on the photo-sharing site in eight months. his outrageous posts are threatening to steal the crown from his friend and fellow super-rich playboy Dan Bilzerian. toutouni says 'it's not that hard to get any girl you want'
Andrew Silicani, 23, of Cheyenne pleaded guilty on Monday in federal court to four counts of using the mail in his unsuccessful plan to hire someone to carry out the murders. he faces up to 40 years at sentencing this summer. silicani pleaded guilty to all charges against him with no agreement from prosecutors to recommend a lesser sentence.
Kerry and Zarif met on the sidelines of a conference on the nuclear non-proliferation treaty in which both men are participating for the first time since a framework agreement was reached earlier this month. they now have little more than two months to meet their own deadline of June 30 to sign a comprehensive accord. the deal hinges on both sides coming to an agreement on the timing of sanctions relief.
the annual 'Festa dos Confederados,' or 'Confederates Party' in Portuguese, celebrates the 150th anniversary of the end of the American Civil War. 'I don't speak English and the only place I've been to in the U.S. is Disneyworld, but I feel the heritage,' said one resident.
the driver and vehicle licence agency is scrapping paper licence. information about penalty points will be held only on DVLA's database. motoring groups fear switch to fully online system will make it more difficult for car hire firms to check a motorist's details.
Chandni Nigam, 19, spent six years battling demons which spawned from an obsession to do well at school, an inquest into her death was told. she would stay up late studying, resulting in sleep deprivation and a negative impact on her performance at school - which caused further depression and anxiety. she had first told her parents she was feeling suicidal in 2013 and had even said she would stand in front of a fast train on a Tuesday to take her life
dong Hui, 22, was diagnosed with bone cancer last month. couple had planned to tie the knot this month in sichuan, southwest china. but they had to postpone wedding because she is bedridden in hospital. instead, family and friends helped her put on a beautiful wedding dress.
the lawyer wore a particularly colourful ensemble to a fashion show and award gala in central london tonight. her bright pink, long-sleeved dress was covered in bright blooms at the LDNY fashion show and award gala.
mark Lowe, 32, is serving a five-year sentence for beating and kicking his brother. he killed his brother after he tried to stab him during a drink-fuelled day. prosecutors accepted a manslaughter plea 'on the basis of a loss of control'. but his wife Sarah is now looking after three young children alone. she said: '[mark] will regret what he did for the rest of his life, because he loved his brother'
Streaming music service believes it has identified the average age of midlife crises at 42. staff analysed data and found users aged around 42 drop their usual playlists in favour of today's chart toppers from the likes of Rihanna and Sam Smith.
Kim Davies bought the manor in rural wales where Cecil Frances Alexander wrote the lyrics to all things bright and beautiful. but he made dozens of illegal alterations, including installing shiny mosaic tiles, chandeliers and spotlights in the ceiling. he also put in inappropriate kitchen fittings and replaced timber windows with modern ones.
last month, Nasa captured a 17 miles (27km) long iceberg being born in the west Antarctica's getz Ice Shelf. iceberg B-34 appears to have fractured and moved out into the amundsen sea sometime in mid- to late-February 2015. it is the 34th iceberg from the 'B' quadrant of Antarctica to be tracked by the NIC.
Sean Jefferson, 45, and Elizabeth Jowitt, 37, covered their flat with trinkets. items were looted from graves of babies and grandmothers who battled cancer. couple admitted handling stolen goods at york magistrates' court this week. they were given a 47-week curfew and a restraining order indefinitely.
former doctor Tareq Kamleh is still registered to practice medicine in australia until September 30. the medical board of australia can deregister doctors convicted of crimes and can take action against those whose conduct goes against being a 'fit and proper person'. he appeared in the latest ISIS propaganda video at the weekend urging people to join the death cult notorious for beheading non-Muslims.
mother-to-be, Lynn, from Chippenham, suffers from a painful and crippling condition called hip displasia. when pregnant she didn't want to take any risks so stopped taking painkillers for the sake of her unborn daughter. libby was delivered via caesarean section but she had hoped for a natural birth.
royal Baby Gaga ice cream is the brainchild of breastfeeding campaigner Victoria Hiley. the 30-year-old mother from Leeds has collaborated with ice-creamery The Licktators. a 500ml tub of royal baby gaga has an RSP of £19.99.
queen letizia, along with her husband King Felipe, met with the families of some of the victims of the crash in the french Alps. the flight, which was en-route from Barcelona to dusseldorf, had 144 passengers and six crew members on board, including 50 Spaniards. today at Barcelona's landmark Sagrada Familia basilica, letizia shook hands and even embraced the families of some of those who died. she also met with students who had hosted 16
judge admitted victim had been'scarred psychologically' by the ordeal. but he freed him after serving just two months on remand awaiting court appearance. victim, 24, was left 'petrified' and afraid to go out after the ordeal.
single Ian Rogers, 36, became hooked on paranormal as a child. took part in his first ghost hunt in 2000 and now owns nine haunted dolls. dolls are said to contain spirits of people who have passed on.
despite being told of risk of flying over Ukraine in diplomatic cables, german government failed to pass on warning. Malaysia Airlines flight MH17 was shot down over rebel-held territory in eastern Ukraine on July 17 last year.
the 33-year-old was one of four people killed when a massive earthquake struck Nepal on Saturday. he was given the letters by his girlfriend just before he set off on the expedition. it isn't known whether he got a chance to read them.
'i think I even looked,' Linda Holliday, who's dated belichick since 2006, wrote on instragram along with the controversial shot from Saturday's white house correspondents' dinner. '@johnlegend let me live,' she tweeted.
firefighters rescued the mother's three daughters and a son, ages 9 to 13, at around 1.30pm Sunday. one of the children used an emergency-only cellphone to call 911. all four children were taken to a hospital for evaluation and were found to be in good condition. the mother, a single mother who reportedly works at the Philadelphia international airport, is facing four counts of endangering the welfare of a child.
labour set out plans to scrap stamp duty for most first-time buyers. curbing rent rises and giving local people priority for new homes. but he also wants to ban developers hoarding land which could be built on.
'you should see the second episode, because she’s a bitch,' said Aiken, 36. 'crude language and disrespectful demeanor towards the congresswoman has proven to the american people why he is a runner up,' said a spokeswoman for the congresswoman. 'i think her self-esteem is just in the floor. Under the floor,' said Aiken.
the Nanoheat Wireless Heated Mug is fitted with a rchargeable battery, nanoheater and heat sleeve. it can maintain the temperature of hot drinks at between 68°C and 71°C (155 and 160°F) for up to 45 minutes. mug weighs a little over one pound (454g) and can be charged wirelessly or using a traditional USB cord.
prime minister backs royal couple's choice of private care for second child. he says it's a 'total matter of choice' for people - what they use and where they have their babies. first child, prince george, was born at the Lindo Wing of the hospital. it has separate entrance from rest of the hospital, making it easier to provide security and a measure of privacy to the couple.
university of southern california senior and former Gamma Phi Beta president Alicia Jewell surprised housekeeper Fannie Randle with a $21,000 check. the housekeeper had been driving to work every day in an old car that was held together with duct tape.
network rail was forced to close a section of the tracks between Wimbledon and Surbiton when a person was struck by a train. several trains and staff were stuck at the wrong end of the line. delays of up to 30 minutes were still being experienced at 9pm.
the 29-year-old was set alight at her Perth home in february 2012. she suffered horrific third degree burns to more than 60 per cent of her body. doctors have reconstructed her scorched skin using skin taken from her legs. she is still unable to make simple movements such as straightening her elbows due to the agonising scarring. her lawyer will argue her 17-year jail sentence was too severe.
the 43-year-old placed a wreath at a memorial in Copenhagen over the weekend. wore a knee-length purple dress beneath a black jacket and striking black millinery and gloves. came days after her comments in a televised interview about loneliness.
experts predict that the economy will have grown by 0.5% in the first three months of 2015, down from 0.9% in the same period in 2014. latest growth figures will be released by the Office for National Statistics (ONS) tomorrow morning.
slow-moving reptile retreats into its shell before scuttling off across desert sands. cheetahs surrounded the tortoise and tried to scare it out of its shell with snarls.
the 99.7 per cent accurate BioSure HIV Self Test enables people to test themselves when and where they like. an estimated 26,000 people in the uk have HIV but are unaware of it. testing kit, on sale online, uses a small amount of blood from a finger-prick sample to detect the presence of HIV antibodies.
Currently mobile phone companies charge customers up to 20p a minute to dial what are supposedly free numbers from a landline phone. the net result is that millions of people dialling what should be free services run by the NHS, the government and company call centres end up paying hefty charges. the charges will end from July 1 under proposals published by the telecoms watchdog, ofcom, today.
australians Myuran Sukumaran and Andrew Chan will face 12 marksmen at the stroke of midnight on Tuesday. the pair will be led from their cells in Batu prison through the wildly dense tropical forest up a 3km steep winding track. they will be given white clothing to wear and a choice whether to be blindfolded before facing the firing squad. a cross is placed over their hearts acting as a target for the 12 riflemen - of which nine will have blanks and only three
the 25-year-old was forced to abandon his luxury car in flash floods. it took a tow truck several hours to remove the car from the rising waters. the problem comes as more bad news for hardy who was suspended by the NFL just days ago after an incident of domestic abuse. he will be forced to sit out the first 10 games of the season.
more than 61 million iPhones sold in the quarter, accounting for more than two-thirds of its $58 billion in revenue for the quarter and the lion's share of its $13.6 billion in profit. $200 billion in cash, up from around $150 billion a year ago.
Angus Hawley's brother says he doesn't 'understand' his brother's death. 'he was one of the fittest men I've ever met – he's swimming everyday,' he said. the 46-year-old collapsed after'returning from a swim' in new york.